Speaker A: Hey unchained listeners, as you know its hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news in original articles from our reporters as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points, plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker B: Everywhere I went in cryptoland I always thought people would say like basically everybody bought into this number go up philosophy. People try to pretend that they have some other plan for their business, and time and time again I would find that their business plan boiled down to number go up. And thats what Alameda his business plan was.
Speaker C: Hi everyone. Welcome to Unchanged. You're no life resource for all things crypto. I'm your host, Laura Shin, author of the Cryptopiens. I started covering crypto eight years ago and as a senior editor, Forbes was the first mainstream media reporter to cover cryptocurrency full time. This is the September 19, 2023 episode of Unchained.
Speaker A: Toku makes implementing global token compensation and incentive awards simple with Toku, you get unmatched legal and tax tech support to grant and administer your global team's tokens. Make it simple today. With Toku, the game has changed. The Google Cloud Oracle built for Layer Zero is now securing every layer zero message by default. Their custom end to end solution sets itself up to bring its world class security to web three and establish itself as the HTTPs within layer zero messaging. Visit Layer Zero network to learn more. Arbitrum's leading layer two scaling solutions can provide you with lightning fast transactions at a fraction of the cost, all while ensuring secure. Rooted on Ethereum, Arbitrum's newest addition, orbit enables you to build your own tailor made layer three. Visit arbitrum IO today. Buy, trade, and spend crypto on the crypto.com app. New users can enjoy zero credit card fees on crypto purchases in the first seven days. Download the crypto.com app and get dollar 25 with the code Lora link in the description.
Speaker C: Today's guest is Zeke Foxenhe, author of number go up. Welcome, Zeke.
Speaker B: Hey, thank you so much for having me, Laura.
Speaker C: Yeah, I'm excited to chat. You just came out with your book. Number go up. Congratulations. Tell us what it's about.
Speaker B: Number go up. I start out as it's the story of the two years I spent going down the crypto rabbit hole. And when I started out, I was just curious and skeptical. And I was arguing with my friend about the reasonableness of betting on Dogecoin. It's like the height of the pandemic. And I don't know, I got kind of sucked into investigating crypto. Two years later, I was cut to, I'm in the Bahamas going to Sam Bankman Fried's penthouse just before the cops showed up interviewing him about the collapse of FTX.
Speaker C: And so you said that this was your period of going down the crypto rabbit hole. What had you been doing before?
Speaker B: So I've been an investigative reporter for Bloomberg for a long time. And at Bloomberg, I generally write about kind of the shady side of Wall street. So I'd written exposes of predatory lenders, penny stock scams. One of my favorites was about a Patriots fan who stole the New York Giants Super bowl rings after the 2008 helmet catch game. So I'd always been looking for wild stories to tell in this world of business and finance, but I kind of resisted crypto as a potential topic. I just didn't really see it as like, I mean, you're going to laugh at me now, but I just didn't really see it as like a good target for an investigative reporter. And it wasn't because I thought crypto was, like, the future. It's just like, this may be hard to believe if you're, like a big time crypto guy, but actually, maybe not, because I'm sure you talk about it with your family and everybody, but outside in the traditional finance world, people were actually, a lot of people are so skeptical about crypto that they were investigating a crypto company and finding out something bad about it. You wouldn't find anything surprising. I don't even care about that story. But what I realized was that my first crypto conference was bitcoin 2021 in Miami. And I showed up there and I just met, I realized there were so many crazy characters in crypto. There were so many people that I'd love to write about. And I'm like, these are the kind of people who I need to get to know. One of the first people I sat down with was I met Sam Bankman fried. There. I met Alex Mashinsky of Celsius, who was very prominent there, had Michael Saylor saying all sorts of crazy things about bitcoin. And I came back and I told my editor, like, I was wrong. There's all sorts of weird stuff going on in crypto. This would be a great topic, and it'll be a long time before there's too many stories to choose from.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah. And it's funny in terms of the years that you quote, unquote, went down the crypto rabbit hole, those were two of the craziest years. And in a way, like some of the more unusual years of crypto, I would say. Just so before we dive into the different escapades you underwent in your book, you mentioned earlier that you were both curious about crypto, but also skeptical. So before we dive into what you were looking into, I wanted to hear your overall take on crypto. When you say you're a skeptic, how much of a skeptic? Because there are some people who are skeptics and they completely dismiss crypto. But I didn't get that feeling from reading your book.
Speaker B: I'm sort of like a skeptic in general. I'm skeptical of everything. That's why I'm an investigative reporter. So if somebody tells me, hey, like Alex Mashinsky did, hey, I'm going to pay 18% interest. And if you want a loan from me, I charge, like, as low as 0%. This is, like, in the world of traditional finance, a very backwards business model. When you say something like that to me, I'm going to say, yeah, I'm kind of, can you provide some evidence? Like, how are you investing your money? How does this. How does this make sense? But I tried to keep an open mind, and the question I was always asking was, what does your product do? When I'd meet crypto founders, can I see it in action? Can I talk to your users? Is it being used in the real world somewhere? That's one of my favorite questions, because as a writer, it's hard to write about things if you can't see them being used. That took me to El Salvador to see the bitcoin experiment there, but it also took me to, you know, ape fest to see what it was like to be a member of the Bored Ape Yacht club. And I was. I was pleased. I got a, one of the first reviews for the book the other day from John Jeff Roberts and Fortune. And he's, I think, feels fairly positively about crypto. He thought that my take on crypto was a little shallow, but that the book was so funny, he didn't care. And I'm like, you know what? I'll take that. I think we can all enjoy reliving these last two crazy years. And whatever your take is on crypto, there are crazy things that happened that we have all just. So much has happened. There's no way to remember it all, but I have done the work of writing it down. So you can go read it.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. No, it was definitely. It covered the range of events. But let's actually talk about one of the main through lines. And I believe, correct me if I'm wrong, that this was actually meant to be a book about tether, because I remember a long time reading that it was coming out and I think that's what it said. And you kind of keep saying this to yourself. You keep saying yourself in the book that you're getting these tips about tether and you're trying to investigate them. You keep coming up against these dead ends. So before we go into all that, why don't you at least just tell us, what do you feel were your main findings about tether and what were you trying to resolve?
Speaker B: So, probably old for most people listening, but tether is a big, stable coin. Each coin is supposed to be worth a dollar, because each coin is supposed to be backed by real dollars that are held in a bank somewhere. And when I started out, I wrote a story for Business Week about Tether. That was the start of this project. I always saw it as a good jumping off point. I pitched the book as like, this is the craziest financial mania we've ever seen in the world, and it's not gonna last. And I wanna be there to chronicle it. And I see this, like, interesting central mystery that is gonna, like, take me through. And that was tether at the time. When I started, Tether said that they had a. I think it was around $50 billion in the bank. It was weird because on the one hand, it was pretty widespread to be, and correct me if I'm wrong, if I'm describing what crypto people think, because you probably know better than me, but even people who are pretty into crypto in general, even major users of tether, when they were talking to me, they'd be like, yeah, I'm not so sure about their assets. I don't know what's going on with Tether. This is a good question to be asking. And it was being asked at the highest levels of the us government. Janet Yellen called a meeting of all the top financial regulators, and the topic was, what's going on with Tether? And could this affect the world financial system? I just thought it was a little. When I started looking into tether, and I saw that among its co founders, Washington child actor from the Mighty Ducks, I was just like, what is this? And that? The company I write in the book, the company was quilted out of red flags. In the world of traditional finance, you would never find a company with so many weird things to look into. And yet here it was at the center of the crypto world. And I just thought it was funny to me that the heads of state were discussing this coin that was, like, dreamed up by a child actor from the mighty Ducks. And I was like, this is my kind of mystery. I'm going to dive in. I'm going to try and find Tether's $50 billion.
Speaker C: I see. So, as we mentioned at different points in the book, you do talk about how you feel like you keep coming up against dead ends in your investigation. So what's your conclusion about that fact? Do you think it means that concerns about tether are overblown? Does it make you more convinced that the company has just really hidden everything really well? Or what are your thoughts right now?
Speaker B: Tether has only grown bigger. Midway through my reporting, I found that Tether had invested a lot of its assets into chinese commercial paper. And there's this conflict of interest at the heart of tethers business model, which is that if you give your money to tether, you want them to keep it really safe. So it's there when you go to cash in your tether tokens. But tether doesn't pay any interest. And the way that tether makes money is they can take the money that you trusted them with and they can go invest it. And so there was this theory that especially when interest rates were very low, they might be doing weird things with your money in order to earn higher profits. I found that they were doing some unusual things that included the chinese commercial paper and also making loans to crypto companies like Celsius and others. So to me, that seemed like that's kind of risky. What's going to happen there? And as I followed along, in the summer of 2022, crypto companies fell one after the other, and Tether did not. There was even, like, a little run on tether where users cashed in, I don't know, 510 billion dollars of tether. And I'm sure if those people did not get their money back, we would have heard about it, right? So now tether still hasn't satisfied. Like, the. The truth is they haven't produced the audited financial statements that the tethers critics have been asking for. But if you believe the attestations that they're putting out there, they're sitting on like $80 billion. And now they can invest those in treasury bills. Interest rates have gone up. They can earn 5% a year, and they're just clipping $4 billion a year in practically pure profit as a small operation. So the way the tether story ends is that, at least in the book, is that the guys who run it are all presumably billionaires. Tether again, still just kind of funny to think about. It's one of the most profitable companies in the entire world. It's like a more profitable company than Nike and definitely not what I would have predicted at the beginning of this quest.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. I mean, I don't even know if, like, Nike is the greatest comparison because I feel like anything involving physical goods just is going to have a lower profit margin. But, yeah, you're right. Like, for such a small team, I'm.
Speaker B: Just talking about like, the absolute profit, like the amount of money they make every quarter.
Speaker C: Oh, got it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, one thing. So I did wonder, you know, you spent a lot of time in the book trying to get a the executives to talk to you. You do partially succeed in a way, like maybe with just a couple of people. But I wanted to hear your take on why you think it is that, number one, they were so hard for you to pin down. Why do you think they kind of were super cagey?
Speaker B: One of the things that I wanted to talk with the tether founders about was about the evidence that tether is being used by criminals for illicit activities. And I had learned a lot about its use in these pig butchering romance scams. And in the book, I even describe going to Cambodia to investigate some of these scam compounds where workers are trafficked and forced to work in these crypto scams. These are some tough questions to answer. And so it does not surprise me that the tether executives would not want to sit for an interview about them. Have you had any of them on your podcast?
Speaker C: That's a good question. I don't think so. Like 700 of these shows. So I remember, but I don't think so. But anyway, so, yeah, so assuming no, then what were you going to say?
Speaker B: Look, I mean, a lot of corporate executives don't want to sit for an interview with an investigative reporter and will only speak to friendly outlets. It's more an outlier, the kind of person who will sit with the reporter, even one who does investigative stories. That's more surprising to me. Like, when Sam Bankman Fried was like, sure, come on down to the Bahamas, sit with me at FTX, meet all my employees, see everything that's going on, just hang out and wander around. That's the weirdest. That's the weird approach. The tether approach is like the standard one.
Speaker C: Oh, okay. So you feel like it doesn't necessarily indicate anything sketchy. You feel like they're just following the traditional playbook for handling media? Is that what you're saying?
Speaker B: I do not get offended if someone doesn't want to talk to me. That's what I'm saying.
Speaker C: Okay, but what, so, but what I'm asking is, you know, again, like, what does this say about tether? Does it say that they're a company on the up and up? It's just, you know, they, you know, it's privately run. They don't want to really reveal too much or, you know, do you still think there's more you could dig into? Like, are you going to try to still do that? You know, or do you think, I mean, because you full on admit in the book, like, you talk to so many people that are like that. Like, a lot of people say, oh, I think tethers probably fine. Like, I don't think that there's a major hole in their reserves or anything like that. There were a few different people. Sam was one of them. Forget some of the.
Speaker B: Well, I actually wouldn't characterize Sam's comments that way. Actually. He was like, their portfolio is probably full of all sorts of weird stuff, but I don't really care. To me, I took that more. In hindsight, that's more a sign of his sloppy approach to risk management, which we've since seen demonstrated, than like some sort of really big endorsement of tether. I do have to say that, like, towards the end of the book, we're doing a lot of spoilers here, but I promise the book is actually really funny and, like, read the whole thing. I flew down to the Bahamas, like, when things were crashing, I sat with Sam, and as I did think, you know, maybe now's the time when he's going to tell me the big secret. I was still hopeful that he would, and he did nothing. But I don't take that really as proof that there is no big secret, especially because at that time, he had just tried to get a bailout from tether and had been rebuffed, but maybe was still hoping that tether would come through because they're like, if you need 510 billion dollars. There's not that many people in crypto you can call.
Speaker C: That is true. But you're right that tether would be one of the few. Although if they really are handling their reserves the way they should be, then, yes, they would not be lending that money out.
Speaker B: Well, they were lending to Celsius. They were lending to a lot of crypto companies. So I dont think it was like a crazy thought. I mean, where do you come down on tether? What do you think?
Speaker C: Well, I should make the disclaimer that I have not investigated it. Back in 2017, Bitfinex was reaching out to me a lot, and I talked to a few different people who, you know, work at places where they would use a lot of tether. And I got some opinions, and, like, pretty much nobody really thought there was anything to it. So in your book, when you said that you met with him, I was interested to hear, and then, you know, what you say sort of largely comports with what they had said to me. So I was like, oh, okay.
Speaker B: I definitely, like, do not intend the book as an endorsement of tether, if that's what you're getting at.
Speaker C: No, no, I don't think so.
Speaker B: I think everyone should, you know, other reporters should pick up the ball and keep looking into their claims.
Speaker C: No. And I would say, clearly it's not. But what I kind of feel like I was asking a few times is, like, what do you think it means that, like, you didn't come up with a smoking gun? Like, do you have a conclusion? Or do you, like, would you still look into them? Or do you feel like you kind of exhausted all the. Or do you have. Maybe you don't even have an opinion. Maybe you haven't decided yet.
Speaker B: What I would say is that I'm saving space in the paperback for an epilogue.
Speaker C: Oh, interesting. It does happen that after you publish a book, sometimes people come out of the woodwork and reach out to you. So you're just smiling. You're not really responding to what I just said.
Speaker B: Well, I guess what I'm saying is that at this point, I almost, as a writer, find this question less interesting. And, like, as you can tell in the book, I got really interested in, like, how is Heather being used? There's certainly enough reasons why someone might worry about trusting tether with a billion dollars at this point. There's one big strike against tether as a potential thing where I would keep my money, I can keep my money in my apple savings account, and they'll pay me 4% interest. So why are people still keeping their money at this stable coin that doesn't pay interest?
Speaker C: I mean, you're an american, and as you know from the book, a lot of the people that are using tether are not necessarily american. They're not necessarily people who can have an apple savings account.
Speaker B: Yes. And as I found in the book, that many of them may be, like, chinese gangsters who are running crypto scams in Cambodia. Although, like, I, which I was skeptical, this could be, like, a major use case, until I flew to Cambodia and saw that, like, the scale of these crazy operations where people run these pig butchering scams.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, I know this is just a terrible, terrible story, but we're going to get to that later. Started a segue to SBF. But why don't we go there first? You meet Sam Bankman free, the former CEO of FTX, multiple times. And obviously, your impressions of him evolved throughout the book. So tell us what your impressions were the first time you met him.
Speaker B: When we met, he explained his sort of effective altruism thing. And I thought, just as a writer, this is a fascinating story. Here's a kid, he's like, 1920 years old. He's at MIT, he's into philosophy. We know these things are true. We can go read his blog from that time. And he's thinking a lot about how to do good for the world. He's giving out pamphlets for a vegan charity or something. He meets this philosopher, Will MacAskill, who's pushing this thing called earn to give. Will McCaskill is like, hey, you're pretty smart. Wouldn't it be better if you made a lot of money and gave it to charity? Then we could hire lots of people to give out pamphlets. Sam's like, hmm, that sounds good. And then, like, less than ten years later, he's sitting in front of me and he's one of the richest people in the world. And making the story even more interesting, even though he says, yeah, that's the only reason I got rich, was to give it away. At that point, he had not given away very much money at all. When we first met, it was at bitcoin 2021 in Miami. He was there to have the Miami Heat arena renamed FTX arena, and they sponsored that esports team. They're spending tons on marketing, definitely more than he was giving to charity. So I thought that was a really interesting question. And right away, my mind was filled with, like, really intriguing possibilities. And in one of our first conversations, I was like, Sam, so, like, if you don't, you're not familiar with, like, the basics of utilitarianism. The idea is that each action should be judged by the what does the most good for the greatest number of people? And that can, like, quickly lead you to some tricky places. Like, Laura, if I stole $1,000 from you and gave it to a panhandler on the subway, that might be net positive if the panhandler really needs the money, and you're doing pretty good. And so I was like, Sam, I understand this philosophy that you're saying, but what about that sort of thing? And I said something along the lines of, this is, like, mid to late 2021, I think. And I'm like, you've got a lot of credibility in the crypto world. I think that right now, you could do some sort of shitcoin. You could rug everybody. You could probably clear several billion dollars. I mean, how much do you think he could have cleared in, like, a rug situation at that point?
Speaker C: I mean, he was kind of doing it with his Sam coins. Yeah, they were all a little pump and dumpy. And then apparently Alameda was, like, listing them, screwing over the founders. And so it was sort of already doing it. So I don't know how much you would add up, like the maps.
Speaker B: And at that point, it was not clear that he was already doing it. But I was like, I think you have a lot of credibility. If you were willing to blow it all, you could probably clear several billion dollars. You could feed a whole country worth of starving people. Why don't you just do that right now instead of this sort of long game where, like, you're not. You're just always thinking that, oh, in the future, I'll give it away. And you're not really giving very much away at all. And he said to me, first of all, like, most CEO's hang up the phone when they realize they're talking to some jerk who asks questions like this, right? He is just like, oh, interesting question. I love thinking about things like this. Yeah, like, you're probably right. Like, about that. I could do make some money with a scam, but I actually think that FTX is such a good business. It's valued now at 32 billion. I think I could get it valued at 100 billion. I can make more money the honest way, and that will do more good for the world in the long run. And I was like, I sort of was doing the math in my head, and I was like, based on what you've done so far, that kind of seems right. Like, if you are really an effective altruist it would not make sense for you to run a scam. But clearly, like, there was some error in my logic. And I think the error in my logic is this. In my scenario, the scammer gets caught. They do the scam, they get like $3 billion. They give it away and then they're caught and they can't do any more scams. I don't think that scammers expect to get caught. I think they expect to get away with it, in which case the profits from scams could just keep going and the logic might be different.
Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah. I think you talk about this in the book multiple times about his expected value equation. And I think there is some, like when you use that equation too much in the wrong places, it can lead you to a sort of twisted morality, I think. And so it's sort of like it can end up being an ends justifies a means type of philosophy.
Speaker B: Totally.
Speaker C: Yeah. But so do you feel that, like, effective altruism was kind of the catalyst for what ended up happening with FTX?
Speaker B: I'm really looking forward to hearing all these guys and women talk at the Begum and frieds trial. But yes, like, as I write in the book, I feel like Sam and his lieutenants were truly committed to effective altruism and utilitarianism. And that actually made them more dangerous and made them willing to do things that violated traditional rules of ethics, such as don't use your hedge fund to borrow huge sums of customer money from your exchange and then lose it.
Speaker C: Yeah. In a way. Like borrow is almost not even quite the right word.
Speaker B: But yeah, the bankruptcy examiner was like, this is straight up embezzlement. It's not even, it's that simple. You know, it's not even sophisticated.
Speaker C: He wanted to give it back, which, you know, maybe he did, but, well.
Speaker B: I, this is so the title of the book is number go up. And like I go into the book, my friend, the argument that starts off the book between me and my friend Jay about Dogecoin is hes basically like, you should buy Dogecoin because other people are going to do it and the price is going to go up. And Im like, thats not a good investing strategy. But he does do it and he makes money. He goes to Disneyland. Hes taunting me. Hes like, im freaking Nostradamus. Hes sending me pictures. He wasnt really trying to be mean, but I was jealous everywhere I went in crypto land, I always thought people would say basically everybody bought into this number go up philosophy. People try to pretend that they have some other plan for their business. And time and time again, I would find that their business plan boiled down to number go up. That's what Alameda's business plan was. When you say they didn't intend to give it back, I don't know. I don't know what they were thinking, but I kind of think that they got caught up in this number go up philosophy and we're like, where genius is, we'll make it back. You know, when the, when the price of serum hits like 173 or whatever.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. I didn't mean to say they didn't intend to. It's more that if you specifically say borrowing, it assumes that they intended to, and it's just not clear. But anyway, small point. So in a moment we will talk also about something you alluded to earlier, which is SPF's relationship to the media. But first, a quick word from the sponsors who make this show possible.
Speaker A: Toku makes managing global token compensation and incentive awards simple. Are you designing your token compensation plan and grant templates with multiple law firms? Are you managing cliffs, vesting and taxable events in a spreadsheet? Are you distributing tokens to your team manually? With Toku, you get unmatched legal and tax tech support to grant and administer your global team's tokens. Easy to use token grant award templates vesting tracking via online dashboard, tax withholding integration with payroll automated distributions great employee experience. Make it simple with Toku. Learn more@toku.com unchained the game has changed. The Google Cloud Oracle built for layer Zero is now securing every layer zero message by default. Their custom end to end solution sets itself up to bring its world class security to web three and establish itself as the HTTPs within layer zero messaging. Visit Layer Zero.net work to learn more. Join over 80 million people using crypto.com comma, one of the easiest places to buy, trade, and spend over 250 cryptocurrencies. With the crypto.com Visa card, you can spend your crypto anywhere and get rewarded at every step, up to 5% cashback instantly, plus 100% rebates for your Netflix and Spotify subscriptions and zero annual fees. New users enjoy zero credit card fees on crypto purchases in their first seven days. Download the crypto.com app and get dollar 25 with the code Laura link in the description. Arbitrum stands at the forefront of innovation as the premier suite of layer two scaling solutions, bringing you lightning fast transactions at a fraction of the cost, all with security rooted on ethereum from defi to gaming. Arbitrum one. Plus. Nova is home to over 500 projects, and with the recent launch of orbit, Arbitrum welcomes you to build your very own tailor made layer three. Or as the Arbitrum ecosystem calls it, an orbit chain directly on the Arbitrum tech stack. Designed with you in mind, Arbitrum empowers you to explore and build without compromise, propel your project and community forward by visiting Arbitrum IO today.
Speaker C: Back to my conversation with Zeke, one other part of the book that was just, like, a funny moment for me, because, so, you know, as you just discuss, you first meet him, and your thought is, hey, I should dig into, you know, is he really going to be as charitable as he's claiming? Blah, blah, blah. I don't remember if it's the second time or the third time, but there was a point where you meet him again and you ask him, did I go too easy on you? And he kind of says, yes. How did that happen? What were your thoughts at that time?
Speaker B: I published this profile of him. It's not my proudest piece. I don't think it's the worst one ever. If you go and read the piece again, the sort of, like, the nut question at the center of the piece is like, will he give this money away, or will the quest for money and power corrupt him along the way? And that's not, like, the worst question to be asking.
Speaker C: It seems to be you could encapsulate what happened with FTX with that question, actually. So I actually think it's a good question.
Speaker B: Yeah. But, like, let me tell you what would have been a lot cooler it had been if I had uncovered what was really going on behind the scenes and had exposed it all to the world before FTX collapsed in November. So, like, as an investigative reporter, I have to, like, kick myself that I did not do that, even though, like, he tricked a lot of people. I don't really care. I'm the person who's not supposed to get tricked. You know, that's my job.
Speaker C: So, I mean, yeah, but there are a lot of investigator reporting. You know, I do investigate reporting, too. You know, obviously, with my book, I did a lot, but I think we all know now that only a very small number of people knew what was going on. And.
Speaker B: Well, yeah, but I met those people. Like, I should have. I should have got them to slip me the secret documents and tell me what was going on. But, okay, the scene that you're describing is, after I published the story, I went to crypto Bahamas, which was, like, the big conference celebrating Sam, and it was sponsored by FTX. All the celebrities came in. He paid Bill Clinton to speak, Tony Blaire, Anthony Scaramucci was the host at this conference. I met all these other crypto founders who are kind of in the FTX orbit, and I got pitched all sorts of, like, crazy stuff. And one of the things that was, like, hot around that time was step in. This was, like the move to earn app where you bought, like, a digital shoe for, like, $1,000 or something. It lived on your phone, and then it was sort of like this janky health app that paid you green Satoshi tokens if, like, you walked enough that day. And it was just so obvious to me that this was a bad idea. It was unsustainable. There's no way that, like, this is not, like, a system that will produce money for me in the long run. This is like an unsustainable bubble. And so many of the, like, web, three pitches that I heard were just like, that. They were. It was like I had been learning a lot about Axie Infinity, and it had. By the time of the crypto Bahamas conference, axie Infinity, like, if you're not familiar, is like the. It's like step in, but instead it's. Instead of walking, you have to play this sort of Pokemon ish game on your phone, and instead of buying a shoe, you got to buy your Pokemon thingies. So I was like, this is clearly not the future of finance. This is like a series of ridiculous ideas that seem totally unsustainable. And so by the time I met with Sam at that conference, I'd just been hearing, okay, maybe like, I'm a sucker, but I went to that conference, and I'm thinking, I'm going to hear some interesting ideas. Like, these are the grownups in the room. I'm going to hear about some really interesting use cases for crypto, and instead, I'm just getting pitched all these different versions of Stepn. So by the time I sat down with Sam again, I was just feeling very. I don't know, I was just kind of depressed that this was what was going on. This was like, these were the big ideas that were supposedly going to revolutionize the world of finance. And I was wishing I had written more about that in the initial story rather than this effective altruism thing. And Sam had just gone on the Odd Lots podcast, and this was the interview where he's speaking with Matt Levine, my colleague at Bloomberg. And this is where he's describing how Defi works. And Matt Levine is like, it sounds like you just described a Ponzi scheme. And Sam Bankman Fried is like, yeah, kinda. And like, so that's the context. At that point I was feeling kind of bad about my article. I was like, Sam, did I go too easy on you? And hes just like, yeah, maybe. And then he went to lunch with Tom Brady.
Speaker C: The reason I am asking about these encounters is because its just so interesting to me to see your evolution in terms of your relationship with him. And it made me wonder. So obviously you also spent that really long time with him when he, the insolvency of the exchange had been found out. It was before he'd been arrested and sent to the bahamian jail. So, you know, you kind of saw him at these sort of pivotal moments and I wondered if you had thoughts on either how he treated you or what his attitude was toward you or the media. You know, throughout, like, do you feel that he was like using the media a lot or tell me a little bit about what you think his relationship was to the mediaev.
Speaker B: He was super accessible. Like I said before, when I wanted to go profile him and his people were like, come on down, sit with him, see him do his thing. And there was no minder sitting with him while we talked. And I know from talking to other reporters that he was very open to, I'm just using this as a hypothetical, but if Coindesk called and they needed a quote about Ethereum prices today, he'd do that too. And even now it's come out that while he was on house arrest, he made something like 1000 calls with members of the media. So this is like a very unusual strategy. This is why I think he did it. In his rise to power, this strategy worked great. He would talk to reporters and they would write stories about him. It raised his prominence and he became like a darling of Silicon Valley, of like traditional finance guys were like dying to talk to him. Like while I'm sitting with him in the Bahamas, the CEO of some bank is like, hey, can I get five minutes with you? Like I've flown to the Bahamas. And he's just like, meh. So like he always made time for the press. He was able to get good coverage and it made him more famous. And then when things were going poorly, a lot of people were like, well, why would he talk so much to reporters when things look so bad? My thinking is that it worked for him on the way up and now things look like horrible. So like how much worse can it get? Give it a try. That's basically my theory of his media strategy.
Speaker C: Interesting.
Speaker B: Did you talk to him much?
Speaker C: I wouldn't say that I talked to him much, but obviously I have talked to him multiple times. Honestly, what my take is on that is that, at least just from my interactions with him, first of all, he's on all these different drugs for his depression and his add and whatever, he clearly has not been sleeping properly. He was doing the beanbag sleeping, and he was sleeping for a few minutes here and there, and between meetings, he was sleeping with the lights on overhead. I just feel like he wasn't in his fully right seat of my. This is, by the way, I'm not trying to justify what he did at all. This is not where I'm going with this. I'm just saying in that period when, you know, they'd already declared bankruptcy, he hadn't been sent to jail yet. He was doing so many interviews. I feel like he was just kind of doing these habitual behaviors. He was so used to just doing a. These media interviews, and I think he was, like, overwhelmed. And I think because, you know, because of, like I said, all these things like the lack of sleep, you know, being on some mix of drugs, that, who knows really what effect that was having on him. You know, as everybody has pointed out, if you're, like, in your truly right mind, like, every lawyer is going to give you the opinion that you should not talk. And the reason that they all do that is because that probably is the best strategy. And the fact that he so completely went against his own interest, I feel like, is kind of probably a function, like I said, of him not, not fully being in his right mind. And then, second, having that habitual behavior of, like, talking to the press and just rather than the cognitive load of, like, having to think, should I change my strategy? He just kept doing what he'd always done. Does that make sense?
Speaker B: Like, that's also a plausible theory. I mean, I think you could justify talking to the media in logical terms, but I also have, like, a third theory that's kind of sad, which is that, like, I've spoken to people who worked with him and said that they actually had a lot of trouble getting time with him, that he was kind of distant. And it occurred to me that, like, if he's speaking to reporters a thousand times while he's on house arrest, having them come visit him, then he might just be bored or want somebody to hang out with.
Speaker C: But he would choose a reporter over his own staff.
Speaker B: Well, at this point, the staff doesn't want to hang out with him because they are. But in the past, yes, I have heard that, like, he was always had time for the mediaev, but not for all of his colleagues.
Speaker C: Huh. Well, yeah, I mean, and I don't even want to say I feel like I went too far in my theory, in the sense that I do think that Sam can take that calculating attitude or mode. I mean, it's all the EV thing, right? The expected value. It's literally a calculated frame of mind. So it's probably a mix of things. But yeah, we're actually getting close to time and there's just so much more in your book that I want to cover.
Speaker B: So let's, we haven't even gotten to talk about Doctor scum, my mutant ape.
Speaker C: Well, so I was going to end on that because it's a little bit more fun. But since we're on the subject of, like, alleged frauds and scams, let's talk a little bit more about the pig butchering, which you had brought up, because I also agree with you. Like, this is such a huge problem. I mean, and it's really a tragedy in so many ways. And you are at least so far the only person that I've talked to who has physically gone to very near to where these scams are being perpetrated. So tell us about your experience of investigating the pig butchering scams.
Speaker B: I teamed up with two reporters in Cambodia, Mek Dara and Danielle Keaton Olson. They worked for this publication called Voice of Democracy. And for like a year or more, they're writing stories like, hey, in this town, see Nookville, there's like whole compounds and, like, people who are inside them are trapped. And there are people who've escaped. Tell us that, like, you can't leave unless you pay ransom. And we're getting tortured and we're getting tased. And people, there's like a string of suspicious deaths in the area. The police find like, an unmarked body outside. Like, they're reporting all these horrible things about these scam compounds from which, and I feel like I kind of shorthanded this a little bit. Like, if you're not familiar, essentially, these are the people who send you the spam text messages. Like, in many cases, those spam text messages that are like, hey, Bill, did you, like, get the milk yesterday? Those are coming from someone who has like a, let's say, like someone from Thailand who got tricked with the offer of like, a good paying job in customer service, flew to Cambodia to take this job or traveled in a van or whatever. And then when they get there, they're stuck in, like, this tower. They're not allowed to leave unless they pay ransom. And they're, like, forced by these gangsters to run scams which often involve cryptocurrency. So by the time I get there, I don't want to claim that it was, like, super groundbreaking work, because these two reporters had exposed the scam. It had become their work. Also. A lot of other reporters had reported on it, too. It had become, like, a national embarrassment. As I write in the book, like, if this was the United States, Danielle and Dara, maybe some of these other reporters would be given prizes. You know, there's, like, investigative reporter of the year in Cambodia. The president ordered their newspaper closed. So they're, like, practically unemployed by the time we got there. And I'd already been talking to a lot of people who'd escaped from these compounds, like Americans or people from other well off countries who had lost their money in pig butchering scams. But I just really wanted to see it for myself. One of our first stops was this place called Bokor Mountain, and is honestly, like, everyone told me it was weird. This is, like, the spooky. Like, I'm getting. It's, like the spookiest, evilst, weirdest place that I've ever been in my life. It was way weirder than I even expected. It's at the top of a mountain in a national park. There's this hotel, a big, big hotel, like, 400 rooms full, fully staffed, no guests. So I'm just, like, walking in, and the clerk's eyes are all looking at me like owls. They're looking at me as I walk around. There's a restaurant. No one's in it. All the rooms. We walk through the corridors with the rooms, they're all dark. It's like we're in the shining. The casinos got no one in it. The spas got no one in it. And there were two confused tourists who were like, why did we come here? This. We should have checked yelp. I know I'm joking around, but behind this hotel were eight buildings where another reporter in Cambodia, Jack Brooke, had written about how these buildings were full of trafficked workers who were running scams. This was one of these big compounds. And I interviewed a police officer from Taiwan who had come to Cambodia to rescue taiwanese people who'd been trapped there. And he is like, yeah, it's still going on. Like, these girls were brutally tortured. It's like a horrible. I think he said people were killed there. Like, it's like, a horrible, horrible place. And, I mean, this is where, like. I mean, he was like, I've investigated. So a lot of people have said, hey, like, is this really all about crypto? Like, isn't human trafficking, like, an age old problem? And so I asked that to this taiwanese police officer, and he was like, I've investigated human trafficking for a really long time. It has always been a problem. The human traffickers, when they would buy and sell people in the past, they used bank accounts, and in order to open a bank account, you have to leave your name, your address. Maybe it's, like, some money mule or something, but at least that's a clue. Now they're using tether. This is making my job a lot harder. It's like, this wallet address means nothing to me, but this is where I'm saying my ability to investigate is pretty limited. Any information you get from these compounds comes from people who escaped. My idea was that if I'm just a stupid tourist, nobody's going to care. So I snapped on my fanny pack. I bought an ice cream from the. From the hotel, and Danielle had warned me this would be, like, the worst ice cream you ever had, because, like, you know, they sell, like, one ice cream for six months, so it's, like, ten year old ice cream. So it was. It was, like, both gritty and chalky. And so I'm thinking that this will help me, as I walk to the scam compound, to appear extra dumb. So I'm sort of, like, eating my ice cream as dumbly as possible, and I walk up to the. I mean, I could only laugh because it's, like, so terrible and insane. But I'm walking up to the guards, and this, like, big, scary dog comes out barking at me. He's on, like, a big, fat chain, and they're just like, no, you can't come in. And I'm. I mean, I'm not, like, sneaking in there. And meanwhile, Dara, while I was acting dumb, Jarrah had actually speaks Khmer and had spoken to some other guards who had said that, like, yes, these buildings are all still full of workers who can't leave. Like, I'm thinking to myself, shouldn't we do something about this? Should we, like, call the police or something? But Dara and Danielle are like, no. Essentially, there's a lot of corruption in the country, and the authorities make some token efforts to stop these scam compounds and shut them down. But in reality, are not interested in helping the workers. And, in fact, often, even if they do rescue workers, they'll arrest them and charge them with immigration violations and that reporting this is hopeless. And that's also what the taiwanese police officer said to me. He's like, they helped us rescue, like, the taiwanese people, but they weren't interested in, like, arresting the bosses or shutting these places down.
Speaker C: And it's like the government's benefiting in some way, or why aren't they interested?
Speaker B: There have been a lot of reports that the people who own these properties, who are renting them to these gangsters who run the scam compounds, have high up connections to the most powerful people in the country. Yeah. One of the other compounds I visited, the street that runs through the middle of it is named after this chinese oligarch who is on the. There's, like, an Interpol red notice out for him, but he's, you know, lives openly in Cambodia. Yeah. And, like, I cannot claim to be, like, an expert on Cambodia or how all of these things work. I just sort of went there because I was like, I need to see this with my own eyes because it's so hard to believe. It sounds like some sort of conspiracy theory. And, yeah, I'm glad that there are reporters out there who are continuing to investigate this and that it's now come to the attention of the UN who put out a big report about what a huge problem this is. Interpol has also recently put out a report about it, and it seemed the number one movie in China right now, or at least until recently, was about young people who'd been trafficked into working in a scam compound. So I'm hopeful that in cooperation, like, some of these southeast asian countries will crack down on this for real.
Speaker C: Yeah. One other aspect of the story is that you had. I mean, we all get them. You know, I literally think I got one today and then one yesterday. But, you know, you, you get one of these text messages, and you just decide to respond, and you end up sending a little bit of money into the app that youre the person who was texting you, who was some kind of slave labeler or trapped in one of these compounds, was sending you. I guess she, who knows if it really was a she wanted you to send tether into the app. And later, I think you approached Heather about either freezing the funds or I don't remember exactly what your request was, but they refused. So talk a little bit about that.
Speaker B: I mean, if it's not clear I wasn't legit tricked by this person, I was sort of playing along to, like, see how it worked. And if she would really, like, ask me for tether, because all the victims, the money victims, were telling me, like, they asked for tether because. Which it wasn't really clear to me exactly why they would prefer tether. But I did see that some of these victims provided copies of exchanges that they'd had with tethers customer service, where they'd be like, we've been scammed. Can you freeze the account? Or whatever? And tether customer service had, like, a number of excuses for why they couldn't. And one of them that I thought was really ridiculous was like, we would only intervene in cases of violence. And I'm like, first of all, what kind of quasi bank gets to make up rules like that? And second of all, there's actually a lot of violence in pig butchering, so I'm not even sure that applies under your own made up rule.
Speaker C: Yeah. Is interesting because it is contradictory when you look at how they do freeze funds for defi hacks and stuff like that.
Speaker B: So I think they would say if they were here, they'd say, we comply with law enforcement requests. I think that's their position, is that if they get a letter from a valid authority, they will comply with it. Although wasn't there that instance where they said they would not comply with a certain sanction order recently?
Speaker C: I don't remember. I don't remember.
Speaker B: Yeah. So my feeling is it seems like they sort of pick and choose how they want to handle it. I joke in the book that I knew that one of the gangsters involved in this Bokor mountain compound went by the nickname Big Fatty. And I say in a book, kind of joking, but I mean this for real. I had no reason to think that I would find Giancarlo di Versini, the CFO of Tether, having dinner with big fatty on top of the mountainous. I don't think that tether necessarily has anything to do with any of these people. They've just created a system which is very useful for gangsters who want to have Americans zap their life savings to a scam compound in Cambodia. And I thought it was like this. 100% does not prove anything. But I'd spent a long time investigating crypto by this point. When I'm on the bus to Cambodia from Ho Chi Minh City across the border, I get off in a vet, which is like a casino town, real dusty, kind of a dump. It's known to be a headquarters for many scam compounds. I'd watched videos of workers trying to escape and getting beaten from this one scam compound, literally in the parking lot. I just got there, and there's like, a money exchange place in that, like, a little booth where you can trade, exchange currencies. That's advertising. Like, we take tether, and I'm like, literally, I had never seen that anywhere in the world. And this is the first place that I see it. And again, just like, I don't know, it just struck me as something that was very strange, not as, like, I don't like to, like, jump to conclusions to suggest that really means anything, but I just thought it was, like, very weird that this is the place where I see it actually being used.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, no, I totally get that because obviously, just from the physical description of your environment, it would be a little bit jarring. However, I do think tether is widely used in Asia generally. But I do, like I said, from what you unearthed, it does sound like there's a lot of tether circulating in that area for various reasons.
Speaker B: Yeah, I even in Phnom Penh, in, like, the neighborhood where there's a lot of chinese residents, I found another money exchange place where I was able to exchange, you know, tethers on my phone for crisp hundred dollar bill, no questions asked. And I was like, hey, like, because I. A lot of the book I'm trying to use to see how crypto is used in the real world, and I'm kind of disappointed, frankly. But in this one, I was like, okay, I can see why people would want to do that. I mean, he did charge me more than the ATM, but, like, and I had to wait for a long time. Well, okay, I'm waiting there for, like, the guy to come back who has the right app on his phone or whatever. And while I'm waiting there, this, like, really hungover looking chinese guy wearing, like, pajama pants and a t shirt walks in and goes behind the counter and just walks out with a brick of money that the clerk later told me was 50 grand. And I was like, again, one of these things that, like, just like an odd scene to observe as I'm off investigating or whatever.
Speaker C: Well, speaking of odd scenes, you also ended up at eight fest. It took you. You had to overcome some hurdles to get there. But I think for you, at least, just from other interviews you've done and also something you said earlier, I feel like this was in some ways, I don't know, it sort of epitomized your time down the rabbit hole or was definitely one of your more fun escapades. So tell us what happened that enabled you to go to a fest a.
Speaker B: Lot of people in the crypto world would ask me, well, how are you writing about crypto? Do you invest in crypto? Do you know about crypto? And I would always just tell them I'm a hexagon. But they didn't like that.
Speaker C: Oh, my God.
Speaker B: I did not actually say that. But I am a hexagon.
Speaker C: That's hilarious. Okay, okay.
Speaker B: Well, I'm just trying to get some crypto jokes in for the people for, like, the real engaged audience who's on crypto Twitter all day.
Speaker C: I think for you to be a hexagon, you'd have to be wearing a lot more gucci than you are right now.
Speaker B: I wanted to do a Richard Heart chapter, but Richard Hart had a different media strategy that did not involve people flying to come see him. So. Okay, so people. But people started to say, like, you don't. You're missing out if you don't try it for yourself. And I'm like, you know what? Maybe they're right. I should try it for myself. And that the person specifically who kind of got to me was telling me I needed to buy a Solana monkey business. NFT. Which, like, literally, I had to go, like, double check this. It's hard to believe, even as I say it right now. These cost $25,000 at the time. And I'm just.
Speaker C: How much are they now? How much are they now?
Speaker B: I mean, there's still something that's actually surprising to me that, I don't know, they could still be like, $1,000 or something. But I'm like. I'm like, all right, this is just like, if I'm paying that kind of money, I want a good one. I don't want some knockoff. Come on. And at the time, for apes was the one that had all the celebrities. And I was like, if I want to join a club, it should be like, yeah, it should be the number one club. And I'm like, at the time, like, a floor board ape was maybe, like, 500 grand or something, like, maybe 300. I forget that was not. That was out of my budget. And you needed an ape to go to ape fest, which was going to be, like, this week long party in New York headlined by Snoop. Eminem showed up. And I'm just like, this would be a great way to meet some of the people I see on crypto Twitter. And some of the. I mean, anybody who's there is a pretty big. Has at least one ape and might have an interesting story. It'd be fun to see how they hang out when it's just apes. So I'm like, I want to go. So one night after bedtime, I was like, said to my wife, nikki, I got to talk with you about something important for the book. And she's like, all right, what is it? I'm like, I explained all this. I was like, I want to go to the party, but you need an ape. They're kind of expensive. And then she's like, how much is it? She's thinking. She told me she knew it was going to be a lot, but she was thinking maybe five grand. And I'm like, so for the ugly image of the cartoon monkey, the absolute cheapest one I can get that will still get me into the party is going to be $40,000. And she is just like, she's not happy. She just, like, her face looked horrified. But she's always been really supportive of the project. And I had an advance to write the book. And I explained that these trade all day. I mean, not all day, but every day several apes do trade, and that it was unlikely that I would lose the whole $20,000 and that I could go to this party and see what it was all about. And she was like, all right, that sounds pretty good. And, like, hey, you never know. Maybe it'll go up, right? I mean, that would be cool. I've spent, like, a year learning about all these people who got rich off crypto. Like, it would be cool if that happened to me. So when I went to go buy the ape, the price of the floor mutant ape had dropped to, like, it had been a couple of weeks before I got around to it. And the floor mutant now cost, like, 20 grand. And that was cool because I didn't want to spend 40 grand. But it was also not cool because that meant the price, in fact, could drop quite a lot in just two weeks. And this is the part of the book that I feel like you. I'm curious what you thought of, because I feel like it's the part where you're like, this guy is so dumb, he can't even use a computer, because I actually found the process of sending my money into, like, metamask into, like. Cause so many people say they've, like, got some crypto. But I would say that, like, in my informal surveying, like, a very low percentage have actually ever used any decentralized products. Would you agree?
Speaker C: Oh, yeah. Yeah. And, you know, like, your experience, when I go to use them, I'm scared. And, like, I've definitely lost money from using them. And it's confusing. And, you know, like, I don't know, especially now with all these layer twos and stuff, that whole thing. And I just. I'm like, you guys, you gotta make this easier, because I live and breathe crypto most of the week, and I can barely do the thing.
Speaker B: I mean, I'm so relieved you said that, because I felt like people were just gonna make fun of me. And because I'm like, I am telling you, this is very hard. Like, you might do it every day to the people who are thinking, it's not hard. It is hard. And when you install metamask, at the time, it made you watch this video that was just trying to scare you about what would happen if you typed the wrong numbers or you lost your password. The video literally suggested that I should write the seed phrase, I should engrave it on a metal plate and, like, bury it in my backyard. And I'm like, I just want to go to the party with Snoop Dogg. There's no way that I'm doing that. Like, and also. And so, like, yes. Advice is that the user experience? If you want my mom, I was barely able to do it, and I had to do it for my book. Like, if you want my mom to do it to, like, get, you know, tickets to the Red Sox game, you're going to have to make it, like, 1 million times easier. And so I actually found this to be quite instructive because I'm like, wait. I felt like nobody had really told me just how horrible it was. And I was just like, by doing this, I was like, oh, no one will do this. The only reason that anyone is doing it is because I think they're going to get rich. And, like, this idea that there would be widespread adoption of this is like a pipe dream. So the actual process of buying the ape just. People teased me, and they're like, you don't know how it is unless you try it. They were right. I did try it. And I was like, whoa. It was a lot worse than it. Even though my expectations were kind of low, it was a lot worse than I expected. And then I got to ape fest, and it was pretty good for a crypto conference, but everybody's wasted. People are stoned. But here's the problem, too. Everyone's telling me this stuff about community, right? Like, and I'm like, I want to be part of a cool community. And they're like, collective storytelling. I'm a storyteller. That sounds cool. And so coming into it, I. My mutant ape, he was smoking a pipe. And he had, like, a sweater made of maggots. And that was. It was the floor. Mutant ape. And I was like.
Speaker C: His name was doctor scum. You named him doctor scum?
Speaker B: Yes. So I created some lore. I was like, I'm going to name him doctor scum. And he's tormented by the maggots, but he smokes weed in this pipe, and that gives him superpowers. He's like a Sherlock Holmes of the bored apes. And I was hoping that by giving him some lore, maybe he would become more valuable and this would prevent too many losses when it came time to sell him. But this is the problem. So I told all my friends and family that I got this mutant ape, and I'm like, look at my mutant ape. And my mom is like. Like, I sent her the picture of it, and she just, like, sent the picture back and is like, it's my mutant ape now. And I'm like. Or something like that. And I'm like. I'm like, it's not. It's because of the blockchain. It's mine. It can never be yours. But it's very complicated to explain why. But it's mine. You can't have it, even though you do have it on your phone. And then I get to ape fest. I'm showing people my mutant ape, and there is sort of this love bombing thing where people will kind of pretend to be interested in your mutant ape. People didn't want to talk about their apes because it's boring. We all have apes. There's nothing to talk about. I would try and talk about stalker scum, and, I don't know, I'd pull them out. People didn't really care. And then even pimply teenagers, people would insult doctor scum. They'd be like, that's a floor ape. Like, pimply teenagers would be like, look at mine. It's worth, like, a million dollars. Yours sucks. It's, like, the ugliest one I ever saw. And. But also, like, there was nothing to do with Doctor scum. I didn't even bring him to eight fest because everyone said he would get stolen if I did. So, like, there was a rumor going around that there was, like, a. Tell me if this is true or just a rumor you may remember there was, like, a billboard in Times Square that was an ad for a dating app, and it was, like, for hot girls to meet people who own bored apes. But if you took a picture, if you use the QR code, it just stole your apes. This was, like, a rumor that I heard. I don't know if it's true, but lots of people did get their apes stolen. So I didn't bring Doctor scum to ape fest. I left him at home to not get stolen. So if there had been any activations where you got to use your board ape in cool ways at ape festival, I wouldn't have been able to do it because I didn't have him with me. But also, there weren't. There was nothing to do with Doctor scum there. I did get to meet Jimmy Fallon and discuss the logic of ape investing with him. So I did feel like that was worth the price of admission.
Speaker C: Wow. $20,000 to see Jimmy Fallon.
Speaker B: I sold him, and I only lost, like, 2000, mostly in transaction fees.
Speaker C: But the other funny thing about it was not only did you not bring it, but I can't remember what the reason was, but in the, like, I think, like, you actually couldn't use your mutant eight for admission. And so in the end, somebody just had to make you their plus one. So, like, you went through this whole rigmarole roll, and then in the end there was, like, no need.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I wanted to buy that mutant ape. Like, I wanted to see what it was like. I'm glad I did. And I was not, like, mad that I had to be somebody's plus one. There was this tricky thing where you had to use this other app to get the tickets. Like, the NfT was not the ticket. There was maybe a second nft that was the ticket. Oh, wait, so this is kind of funny, though, because it was, like, opensea. I could see who bought my board ape, and I am. Once I bought the mutant ape, I immediately was filled with, like, panic that I would be the last idiot who paid 20 grand for one of these. Like, I could see on my screen that people were buying and selling them, but I just felt like, I don't know, like, once it was mine, I was like, nobody will take this off my hands. I knew that somebody would, but I still didn't feel like they would. But this one guy did buy it, and I could see on the on chain who it was, and he had his wallet, like, labeled. And we actually had a little chat. And I started. I was feeling guilty and I was like, I'm sorry for selling you this terrible mutant ape. But he actually, they'd gone up a little bit and he told me he was up five grand and he didn't mind. So, like, my anxiety was relieved and I felt like I could leave the ape world with like a clean conscience.
Speaker C: All right, well, that's a good way to end for listeners who, as I did, very much enjoy that mutant ape story. It gives you a taste for what the book is like. I mean, I I agree with you that it is sort of like your escapades through crypto for these last two years. And it's just so interesting. Kind of the extremes. It's like, at the one end, you have something super lighthearted like this. On the other hand, that's like these big frauds and basically slavery going on. So, yeah, I mean, and everything in between, there's, like, Celsius. There's just a lot. So people should check it out. Are there any other last thoughts you would like to give the audience?
Speaker B: No. I've always wanted to write a crazy adventure story, like bringing down the house by Ben Mesrich or into thin air by John Krakauer. I never thought I'd find the right story. I'm 15 years into my career as a reporter or whatever, but when I got into the crypto world, I was like, oh, like, this is the adventure you've been waiting for. This is what you got to write about. And at first, I was a little scared when I found out that Michael Lewis was also writing a book about crypto. But after writing the book and putting these stories out into the world, I'm just like, I'm really so excited about it. I think it's really fun, and I'm more worried about, where am I going to find a story that tops this? I don't even really care what he does. I'm just like, these two years were insane. I don't know where I'll ever find something like this again. I'm just really glad that I was there to write about it.
Speaker C: Yes, yes. Clearly, you had a lot of fun. All right, well, where can people learn more about you and your work?
Speaker B: Follow me on Twitter Zekefaux. And number go up is available wherever you get your books.
Speaker C: Perfect. Well, it's been a pleasure having you unchained.
Speaker B: Thank you so much, Laura. It's like a big honor. I appreciate you having me on to interview me.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. I really enjoyed it. Thanks so much for joining us today. To learn more about Zeek and number go up, check out the show notes for this episode. Unchained is produced by me, Laura Shin, with help from Kevin Fuchs, Matt Pilchard, Juana Ranovich, Megan Davis, Ginny Hogan, Shashank, and Margaret Correa. Thanks for listening.
Speaker A: Unchained is now a part of the Coindesk podcast network for the latest in digital assets, check out marketst daily seven days a week with new host Noel Acheson. Follow the Coindesk podcast network for some of the best shows in crypto.
