Speaker A: Welcome to Bankless Bytes, a new weekly show out of bankless. A little like the weekly roll up, but more opinions, less news, closer to touching on the conversations that are going around crypto of the week or really whatever me and Ryan want to talk about. If you don't like our opinions, this show is probably not for you. Unfiltered, sometimes wrong, always fun. Three to five topics every single week, trying to get it under 30 minutes. Always an ambitious endeavor. This is our first rodeo on this show, so this show will change and adapt. But the idea of the show is to be pretty raw and uncut, no filter. Ryan, what are we talking about this week?
Speaker B: We got four topics of the week, David. Number one, I want to talk to you about bankless breakpoints. Okay. Actually, bankless showed up at breakpoints and you went, and a lot of people are upset about that. How dare you?
Speaker A: Other people liked it.
Speaker B: Yeah. Also, Solana versus ethereum, that has been the subject this week all over crypto Twitter. And I think that's where we're getting inspiration from. The show, honestly, is like things that people are talking about on crypto Twitter.
Speaker A: That we've got takes about.
Speaker B: Speaking of that, we got to do a feelings check in because you are disappointed with somebody this week. I believe you have some disappointment. Chris Berninski.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: With that, I want to unpack that. I want to see where that comes from, get into the kind of emotional.
Speaker A: Layer of that David's disappointed with daddy.
Speaker B: Also, what should bankless do about Solana? That has been a conversation that I think we need to have. David, before we get in, you're going to speed run through the ad, so let's play it. All right, first topic. David, you went to Solana breakpoints conference. Here's you. You are interviewing looks like Anatoly and Austin from Solana. So first, how dare you? People were upset about this. Some people were upset about this. I want to tap into why you decided to go to a Solana conference in the first place. A lot of people said bankless showed up. I think because you are a representative of bankless, I would say that that's true. We showed up. Yet also, it was you. It wasn't the rest of the team. I didn't show up. For instance, it almost sounds like I'm making excuses for this or something, or I'm padding in some way, but oh, my God, you just went to a conference. Who cares? But somehow this shows some significance. Anyway, give me the context of why did you decide to go to this thing anyway?
Speaker A: Yeah, there's so much context. First, it was like, I signed up for this talk at ETH Lisbon. I wanted to go to Eth Lisbon. I was going to go to Turkey afterwards for Devconnect. And then Solana breakpoint was just like, oh, it's just in Amsterdam, and it's like two days before. So I'll just go two days earlier. And just like, why not? Then I canceled my defconnect plans. But that's a different story. The other answer is just like you say that people were disappointed in that I went to Solana, and I don't really want to overemphasize that. I think some people are like, uh, some Ethereum people are like, yeah, why are you guys legitimizing what we consider to be an illegitimate project? But I will.
Speaker B: I think it feels like, imagine if a Democrat went to, showed up at a republican conference.
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, the tribal games are saying that. I don't think that really scales out to, like, all of Ethereum, but who. But yes, some people are like, what are you, what are you doing? And granted, this is the first non ethereum conference that I've ever gone to, right? Like, either I go to something, like, totally neutral, like, Missouri Mainnet, or I go to Ethereum events. So this is like, a step out. Like, why? What was my motivation? It's like, well, Solana is having a narrative moment in this present time. Sole price is pumping. I decided to go before sole price moved. I bought my ticket, like, months ago. I just, like, I don't know how to get a vibe for Solana that isn't through Twitter, which is a terrible place to get a Solana vibe because the Solana community, like, owns the Solana narrative on crypto Twitter at this present moment. And then also, like, my Ethereum circles aren't going to do it either. And so, like, how do I go figure out for myself what Solana real and what's real and who goes to Solana conferences and how many people go. I just had to go see for it for myself. And also, Amsterdam is a nice city.
Speaker B: Before I ask you to vibe check, because I want to hear a bit more about, like, your impressions. Your takeaways from this, though, is just like, I'll note that you go to, you've been to Ethereum conferences. You've been to kind of generic, you know, blockchain crypto conferences before, but you haven't gone to, like, a Cardano conference, for example.
Speaker A: I don't think Cardano conferences exist. And I would also not go to one.
Speaker B: Okay. Or a Tezos conference, for instance. Okay, so what about Solana? So what is different? I mean, if you talk to some people, they'll say there's really only a few communities that are really building. One is, of course, Ethereum and its layer two ecosystem. Another is Cosmo still building in the Solana? Is it as simple as that, that there's just signs of life? And then, by the way, Cardano people would say, you're missing this whole world out there, you know, bankless idiots and shills and morons, and you should come see what we're building. But you went to Solana. You didn't go to these other events. Why?
Speaker A: The only answer I have is that Solana seems to have captured a narrative. And there are people that I respect and trust in this base that say that what Solana is building is real. And these are people like our friend Mike Epolito from blockworks, for example, and John Charbonneau, who will also pad, is like, well, Solana tech is good. Why are people investing in the ecosystem? I think it's on a full Solana bull case. But, like, Solana has some sort of narrative. They have a narrative that separates them from Tezos or Cardano or.
Speaker B: They're also, like, building. I mean, there's stuff being built, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, there's stuff being built. Yes. Yeah. And they have. Solana has occupied a certain part of the design space that no one else has. And, I mean, that's also true for every other ecosystem. But I don't know. I think, like the Solana movement, Solana effort is unique and has captured certain set of builders and mind share of, at least in the narrative space. And this is something we'll talk about later. But just like, they've. They've captured some sort of territory, and I want to go see why.
Speaker B: Okay, so give me your takeaways. What's the. How does it contrast from, say, an Ethereum conference? Yeah.
Speaker A: They're like the average Solana person, and I would call, like, this low level systems engineer, system developers, like the X Tesla X, Apple X SpaceX type of people that are just like, software builders that are very tapped into what hardware is. And this should come as no surprise. Like, Solana is all about hardware, hardware, hardware. And I just want to. And this is the people that I'm meeting and the takeaways that I have. And I get in there. Anatoly is giving his main stage talk on the opening day, followed by they do the whole parade of people, like all the community leaders all the builder leaders. And like, the one thing I noticed, it was hard not to notice is like, they're kind of doing like main stage jabs at Ethereum. Like, like in the opening keynote programming of like the first five talks that lasted like the first hour, hour and 20 minutes, like, there was a handful of, like, jokes, jabs at Ethereum, just like. And like, we're doing more transactions per second than any layer three on Ethereum, right? Like, why do you. We don't need layers, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Speaker B: Uh, so, like, it's interesting that you say that because, like, I would say in the earlier days of Ethereum conferences, there were definitely jobs towards bitcoin, right?
Speaker A: Were there?
Speaker B: Um, yeah, I don't think that the entire community was like, in contrast to bitcoin, but like, um, you know, bitcoiners didn't believe that Ethereum could run, you know, a full node, a full node. For instance, they were getting confused with the difference between an archive node and, you know, full node stuff like this. Like, there were definitely some kind of light, light jabs for sure.
Speaker A: My difference for why this is different versus that versus this is that bitcoiners, bitcoin maximalists were just creating absolutely just off base falsehoods along the lines of UK reliance on Ethereum. Full note, it was, it was just not even, it was actually straight up delusion. And so when, like. And I don't know if, but that, like, Ethereum jabs at bitcoin wasn't on the main stage, like, that was in the crowds, right? That's what, that's what I would say anyways.
Speaker B: So what else?
Speaker A: What else? 1500 people is a rough gut check. 1000 to 1500 people, I think, hosted in this town that's pretty far away from actual Amsterdam, like a 20 to 30 minutes drive. Because they had this entire campus. It was actually kind of a good move. So if you're going to Solana was like a four day conference, and so if you're going to be at this four day conference, it was like a campus with different buildings and you could go from building to building to building. And so they kind of had this territory that was all to themselves and different themes and different buildings. Right.
Speaker B: Did you feel like at any point you were behind enemy lines, you were inviting another tribe? Was there ever the sense that, no, here's the bankless guy, here's an Ethereum guy, and what's he doing at a conference? Or was it very welcoming?
Speaker A: And I've been behind enemy lens before, back in my old pov days. I went to a bitcoin meetup in San Francisco, where it was me, CK, my old bitcoiner, co host of the POV Crypto podcast, and 50 bitcoiners, including people like Pierre Richard, that were totally.
Speaker B: On CK's side and not your side.
Speaker A: Oh, they were bitcoiners, bro. It was the bitcoiners.
Speaker B: Bitcoin maximalist, probably. Yes, I'm a bitcoiner.
Speaker A: It was like, pierre Richard and, yeah.
Speaker B: Yes, that's a bitcoin.
Speaker A: Like, everyone was a bitcoiner. And, like, yeah, there were some, like, teases, but it was very welcoming. And if the bitcoin Maxis can accept, and this was in 2019, if the bitcoin Maxis can accept ethereum. Ethereum into their circle. I just knew that, like, this, the tribal warfare on Twitter is. Does not show up in real life. And I had very strong convictions about that, and I just always know that that's true. And so going to the Solana conference, it wasn't really going to. It was a little bit like, oh, David from bankless. Is that a Solana conversation? It's a little bit of that, but it's mostly just like, I got the same level of, like, recognition, your podcast, like, and you. You don't get this a lot because you don't go to in real life conferences, but just, like, in real life, there's just no toxicity.
Speaker B: People are nice.
Speaker A: Everyone is. People are nice. People. Like, and I got an equal amount of just like, hey, thanks for doing what you guys do. You guys got me into crypto. I got that, like, at an equal amount at the Solana conference as I do it as any Ethereum conference.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that's gonna be a theme for the rest of this episode, which is just, like, peering in on social media. Do you know Sam Harris? He quit Twitter. He's somebody's podcast I listen to a lot. And he describes social media and Twitter specifically as a funhouse mirror distortion of reality. And so you look into it, and the shape, the person reflecting back at you is just this distorted, misfigured perception of a person. And that's true when you look at other people through the funhouse mirror of social media and Twitter specifically. And people are just not like this in real life. There's a tendency to think, like, if you go on crypto Twitter right now, especially, I think it's gotten worse in the last. Since I've joined crypto. It is a cesspool of toxicity. That's the way it feels. Or it's just like, shilling. It's like short term. It's like, it is not real life. And I wonder if there's an element, David, that we're like, we're all in crypto, we're too online, and we just don't have real conversations, long form conversations in real life. Here's a guy who's always in the office, but even think of podcasts. Zoom people are not assholes on Zoom the way they are on Twitter.
Speaker A: Great. But then also, they were throwing mainstay jabs at an opposing ecosystem. So, like, it's a little bit of both, right?
Speaker B: But what's wrong with that? What's wrong with a little compensation?
Speaker A: Also, I will. We need to move on to the next subject. Cause we otherwise wouldn't have.
Speaker B: The next subject is the same subject, David.
Speaker A: But, like, I will say, just like Ethereum people, I think, have some sort of, like, responsibility in creating that in Solana. Because, I mean, this Ethereum versus Solana tribes have been fighting for years now, and Ethereum people, like, learned to cut their teeth against bitcoiners, and then they turned that against Solana. And, like, we're kind of good at it, but Solana learned to be really good at it, and now they're both.
Speaker B: Oh, so they're really good at being the underdog, is what you're saying?
Speaker A: Yes, exactly. Yeah. And so, like, we. I think Ethereum people have some sort of, like, we kind of taught them what, how to behave, and now they're spitting back at us. They're kind of better at it than us.
Speaker B: All right, well, let's move on. It's a different topic. It's still the same topic. So Solana versus Ethereum, that has been the big conversation this week. And I think one of the standout tweets from this week was solana bull, also ethereum bull, I should say bitcoin bull. Okay, so you could be bullish on multiple assets. Do you know that, David?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: You can. And Chris Berninski is in particular. He's bullish not only on soul asset and Ethereum and ether the asset, but on the soul over Ethereum. Kind of the ratio here. So this tweet I'll lead with from its 2022 bottom, Sol has now outperformed eth three x this cycle. Seoul has been and likely will continue to be the faster horse. This is the context. So people are observing this sole price run up, and they're looking at Ethereum and they're saying Ethereum is like the horse and buggy, and Solana is the Ferrari and Sol is going to be the new savior of the bull market. It's going to not necessarily overtake Ethereum, but it's going to be the primary driver here. I guess that's the context of this whole crypto Twitter, Sol versus ethereum thing. So what do you think about this?
Speaker A: Yes. Okay. Part of my current interpretation of Solana is like, it's a lot of people taking positions in Solana on the narrative. Solana will likely to be the faster horse. I think you could reword that and be like Solana. And one of the reasons why Solana, to its credit, has attracted a certain type of developer that Ethereum would have never attract, like the low level hardware systems engineers. We're not going to Ethereum because Ethereum is not a nerd snipe for them, Solana is. That's the truth of, like, the signal through the noise, a lot of the noise, I think, is embodied in, like, this last line of Chris's tweet, which is Solana is the faster horse, which I would like to reword to being. Solana is not Ethereum. And it's tiny. So the theory is. So the Solana market cap, 18 billion versus Ethereum, 230 billion. Like a lot of people on crypto Twitter who, which are helping set the narrative to. This is my hot take. The real reason why they're there is because it's not ethereum. And the market cap is 21 20th the size. And so they are making a. They are filling a position based on that dichotomy.
Speaker B: So you're making the case that this is traders doing a narrative trade narrative course. Right? And, like, soul is down, of course it's going to pump more fully. Okay, that's not what Chris is saying. Maybe that's what he's doing. But, like, what he's saying is, no, David, stop being an eth maxi. That is being dismissive of what's actually being built. The fundamentals are incredible for Solana. It's this new high transaction throughput execution layer. There's the modular strategy that Ethereum is pursuing. That's all well and good, but you get all of these fragmented l two s, and people don't know which l two to kind of bet on. Maybe it feels to some, like it's more messy. And here's Solana just executing this, I don't know, infinity a lot of transactions. I don't know what the reality is where this stands up to, but fire dancers, new salon of clients promising all of these things anyway. He's saying, no, it's not just a narrative trade. Wake up. This is fundamentals we're talking about, right?
Speaker A: The fundamentals behind Solana are up for debate. I think we can say, like, yes, Solana is super fast, people. Anyone who tells you that they are doing 50,000 transactions per second is including vote transactions, which are not transactions. They're like how consensus has happened. It's really, in reality, like, three to 500. The last time Solana hit 400 transactions per second, it fell over. It hasn't gotten back there since. And also, actual on chain metrics around Solana are empty. TVL is on the floor. The sole token has gone up in price. But TVL and usage is flat or down. And so this is why I'm saying that can all change immediately because of the fundamentals of Solana being very fast, finality at the speed of light, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But, like, right now, like, what I see Chris doing is taking a victory lap because he filled his Solana bag during the FTX collapse. And then Solana is like, Solana has just mean reverted to being back above its FTX.
Speaker B: So you're just saying it's too early for a victory lap where three x, and that's not a big deal when it was down. You know, if we're trying to go.
Speaker A: For, like, actual, real adoption, this is not that. This is just Solana mean reverting.
Speaker B: Well, here's another point of context, is I tweeted this out, and, I don't know, a lot of people hated it. That's all. I'll say. Ethereum or every layer two is under 10 billion right now, while Solana floats above 22 billion. So if you look at op or Arb or matic, it's all 10 billion or under. And yet, here's the interesting thing. And yet Solana would be a third in active users and fourth in total locked value.
Speaker A: Out of four.
Speaker B: Out of, out of, out of these four. And I said, do with this what you will. I know what I'm doing. So this is me expressing. If Chris is expressing his bullish take on Solana, this is me expressing my bullish take on layer twos in general.
Speaker A: Based on, on chain, verifiable metrics. Yes.
Speaker B: Now, Tushar, our friend at Multicoin, says, TvL terrible metrics. So is active addresses and actively harmful. And I get that they're not like, everything. They're not the only metric you can look at, but it is something. It's better than narrative. It's better than no data points.
Speaker A: Yeah, they're not actively harmful to char. They're just actively harmful to your thesis.
Speaker B: I mean, but we could also look at block sales versus expenses, which is my favorite, because this is Sybil resistant. And if you look at Solana revenue versus its expenses on a monthly basis, of course, expenses is sole issuance, and revenue is the amount of money it brings in through, um, selling its block space, either transaction order flow or actually just selling it with fees. And, uh, it's losing a lot of money every month, David.
Speaker A: Right. That's always been our. Our critique about the sole value capture thesis is that it is penetrative pricing, as in, it operates at a loss to achieve scale.
Speaker B: Yeah, but I'll tell you, that wasn't the. That wasn't my twitter l for the week. All right. I'll tell you what my twitter l was, which I.
Speaker A: That was a dub. Cause that got hella, hella likes. And maybe you also ratio to char. If. If we are accounting for Twitter likes, well, look at the signals, which they are not.
Speaker B: Mer is really close here, though, right? Ryan, you have absolutely no idea what you're doing. This is a slanted bowl. TVL and active addresses are easily gained. Slide does more.
Speaker A: TPS do. TVL is not. He thinks TVL is gamed because remember the guy who did, like, triple, quadrupled, nine x counting of TVL on Solana? They're not. It's gamed on, depending on how you account for it. And then he goes, TPS is actually the true metric, which is the most game able metric there is.
Speaker B: Let me show you where I got absolutely destroyed.
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker B: On Twitter. So then a couple days later. So one thing that I think is important, that I grew up believing in crypto, in part of this notion of decentralization, which is very difficult to define. How do you define decentralization? There are many different next, like layers. There are many different axes of decentralization, but one of them, I think, is, and this has been true since. Ever since bitcoin, is the ability of a non validating user to run a full node.
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker B: Okay, what does that mean? I'm not talking about a staker. I'm not talking about a validator, necessarily. Right. Although running a full node is necessary for those entities in order to keep it out of data center. I'm talking about somebody who's just wanting to validate and check that what the blockchain is producing isn't B's.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: You have the Ethereum staking validator, which is validating transactions and adding them to the chain and then you producing blocks and producing blocks, and then you have the full node validation of the validators, which is like, yes, they follow the rules and that is a permissionless system. You don't need eth stake for that.
Speaker B: Yeah. And I did a long ass tweet because you can do that now on Twitter. And I just said, full nodes, non validating full nodes. I think they're kind of important. And I think that other chains that maximize for TPS throughput have made it such that full nodes become much more difficult to run on consumer hardware and are therefore very unlikely to be able to be run at home or, you know, on a mobile device or something like that. And hey, guys, isn't running a full node and validating the chain, like verifying, not trusting, isn't that important?
Speaker A: A core tenant of the bankless thesis, you cannot be bankless if you cannot validate the chain independently.
Speaker B: This was not a popular take, David. Let me tell you, I got absolutely like double ratio destroyed. I could go into like, I had to like, meet the thread.
Speaker A: Udi came in.
Speaker B: Udi came and said, yeah, this is what bitcoiners said. Bitcoin Maximus says he said in 2017 cycle ethereum stakeholders, including Vitalik prompted it, promoted it as the high TPS layer one compared to bitcoin. No, he didn't. The bitcoin maxis were furious for the same reasons you mentioned. But luckily Twitter was limited to 280 characters back then, so their complaints were more succinct. That's just, that's just fake. Yeah. Anyway, I got absolutely ratioed by many of these things. Anatoly, almost. Mert certainly says, I'm not an engineer, apparently. I studied political science. I'm good at communicating. I didn't study political science. I mean, just like casually, but anyway, absolutely slammed. Like just nonstop. I had to mute this thread, David, because it was just, can you do a dark place?
Speaker A: Anyone with a 1gb gigabit Internet can run a full node.
Speaker B: I don't see that that's quite the response here.
Speaker A: He says that. He said, I just read that line somewhere. So, like, I was talking to somebody in the islana community about like, hey, I would like to, like, create a validator. Can I have a beefy machine?
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: I don't know if you know this. I built the computer myself.
Speaker B: You don't brag about your beefy machines very often.
Speaker A: Super beefy machine. Yeah. And I actually have, I think I have the hardware to run a Solana validator. It's consumer. I think that's right. I haven't tried, but I cannot do it. And do you know why?
Speaker B: Bandwidth.
Speaker A: Bandwidth. And I am in New York.
Speaker B: Okay, what is the bandwidth that's required versus what do you have?
Speaker A: Fiber optics is what you need. I'm sure there's more nuances online. Like, not all fiber optics is the same. I have one gigabit download speed on my ethernet, like cable Internet, which is, I mean, fast, as fast as I can get. I can't get it any faster. I do not have access to fiber optics.
Speaker B: Okay, so if you had access to fiber though, right, and you had a beefy machine, it would be possible for you to run at home?
Speaker A: I think so let's say that.
Speaker B: Okay, that's good.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's good.
Speaker B: I'm glad I wasn't calling in my parent tweet. I wasn't calling out any particular ecosystem. I was saying, hey, let's be conscious of the trade off that we're making and make sure that we still preserve this quality and those change that preserve this quality of consumer grade average users being able to run a full node that is a more decentralized chain, and that is probably important.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: So, but, yeah, the Solana community knew what you were doing and they were like, I think.
Speaker B: But that's what I was saying. My point was, it's an unacknowledged trade off. Right. So, so maybe you could run it if you have fiber in your home. Right, okay, that's great. Will you be able to run it on a mobile phone? And now, to be fair, you can't run an Ethereum validator here on a mobile phone yet. But that is the end state goal. And Ethereum would be more decentralized if you could run like some sort of a full node on a phone. Anyway, that was not landing. I got absolutely ratio destroyed by that. So, David, what do you think? Did I, did I take the l, like, am I wrong about this? What's going on?
Speaker A: I think there's the big unpacking of just what it means to be a layer one validator, validation of the layer one in this day and age. And I think we probably have to update what that means in this year. But I don't want anyone to think that we can have a system that is maximally bankless, maximally user sovereign without that being possible for the end user. On consumer level hardware, you need to be able to download a full node, and we also need to make an episode as to why this is important. The way I would summarize why this is important is that if you cannot do that, then your financial system, you are trusting others to run it for you and maintain it for you. And if we go from, like, average consumer hardware to just like, uh, the guy I was talking to about in Solana, like, I was like, hey, I want to run a Solana validator. He pointed me to a cloud service. Like, no, no, no, I want to do it here in my home. Like, I don't want to defer to the cloud.
Speaker B: David, you sound. You sound like such a bitcoiner right now.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Big, big. Like old school conservative.
Speaker B: But honestly, they're right. I mean, they're not. Like, bitcoiner's got a lot of things right.
Speaker A: Maybe that's how we should correct an ideology wrong in execution.
Speaker B: All right, I was talking about my feelings. Let's get in your feelings here. You're disappointed. Why are you disappointed with Chris Berninski? Who is the context for Chris Berninski? I think Chris Berninski mentor, is absolutely fantastic. He actually helped bring me to the space, helped me understand this space. He wrote a book in, I think, 2017 called Crypto Assets that was foundational for pulling me down the rabbit hole. And I've always viewed him as a mentor and still do. But you got disappointed with the funhouse mirror reflection you're appearing at on crypto Twitter. Tell me about this.
Speaker A: Yes. So he made this tweet thread. This is the same tweet thread that you started off with. The sole ETH price, which I said is Chris is doing a victory lap about Sol going back to pre FTX levels. In Eth terms. He makes this tweet thread in the bottom. He just randomly, like, invokes us. And I can't totally understand why he goes. This being crypto Twitter, people will want to fight and will likely tag bankless as they have been the largest crypto media platform that is consistently bearish soul. Most media platforms aren't so opinionated and increasingly loud in their bearishness as soul trades against ether, against their theses. And I'm like, I feel like he's putting words in my mouth and telling me the actions that I'm going to have, which is ironic, because he put this threat out the day before I put out my video with Austin and Anatoly at Solana breakpoint talking to them. And I'm not being increasingly bearish or loud in my bearishness. People who are increasingly loud in their bearishness comes from a place of insecurity. That's what he's saying is they're going to be insecure, and so they're going to be loud about that. And I'm like, that's just not what I do. And then he follows up and says, david and Ryan have been good for Ethereum. I liked their content most when they were exclusively a curious, up and coming media platform. The bankless brand has every opportunity to be blockchain agnostic, which I have a problem with. And I put that response there. But we don't have enough time in this episode, and most likely we would reach the most number of people if we were. It's actually not what I'm disappointed about, but this is, like, the context, right? So if you want to go to go to my next picture here. So I put out, like, the next day, in the words of Chris Berniski, here's me being increasingly loud in my bearishness, which is an episode that I did with Austin and Anatoly, and then Chris follows up.
Speaker B: And not the first Solana episode, by the way.
Speaker A: Definitely not.
Speaker B: No. We've done four, five.
Speaker A: We do. So we do non ethereum content more than the average podcast does.
Speaker B: We do so much. We do so much non ethereum content. Like, a lot of ethereum people don't like it.
Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. So, like, I kind of, like, quote, tweet, quiz, saying, like, here's me being loud, and I'm, like, platforming anatolian Austin. And then we continue. And here's, like, where I actually get, like, a little bit. Here's where my disappointment comes from, which is, like, the next. The next tweet, which is like, so, Chris, I published the episode with Anatolia and Austin, and I'm like, here's me being loud in my bearishness. And Chris Berninski says, so you believe in soul, then? And I respond with my reasoning as to, like, what I am looking for in Seoul and why I'm not there yet, which is that there seems to be a big triple point asset size. Triple point asset thesis. Size hole in the Solana thesis. And I'm just saying, like, what do you mean?
Speaker B: You're just talking about value accrual, basically.
Speaker A: Value. Like, what is. What is the thesis behind soul?
Speaker B: Because you can have a lot of transactions per second, but it doesn't necessarily mean soul is valuable as a result. The underlying token is valuable as a result.
Speaker A: Right? And so I'm telling Chris, like, there is a hole in my understanding about Solana that I can have not been able to get over. And then he follows up saying, sounds like your bearish soul. Good. Good luck. I'm like, mister Mentor, sir. That's not what I was saying. I was saying I am missing information, not that I'm bearish. I said, and that's what I told him. I said, that's not what I said. There's a big fog of war about my ability to understand soul. And then he goes, sounds like bank list should put out more content about Solana to help people understand then. Glad to hear you're bullish, soul. And I'm like, that's also not what I said. And you're doing the thing that I.
Speaker B: See here, you're bullish.
Speaker A: Sol versus ethereum on the ratio, specifically versus ethereum. But like, the line sounds like bank list should put out more content on Solana to help people understand then is like the most tiring response that we get from everyone in crypto who is like, hey, David and Ryan, platform my bags. And it's just the timing of Chris doing the victory lap tweet thread followed up by, David, it's time for you to platform Solana and help people understand them. I was just disappointed in that because I think that that is just like, it's a low request. It's like, my bags are filled now. You platform my bags, please.
Speaker B: I know, that's how it hurt. Again, looking at social media, you're looking at a fun house mirror representation. It's like, I bet if you, if you met Chris in person, you had this conversation with him hundred percent, you'd be able to articulate it and it, like, you'd be able to both to have a discussion about it, right. And it would be totally normal. I don't think that social media, particular Twitter, allows the opportunity to have that kind of a long form conversation. So I, I mean, I think that's part of it. But, um, what, what about this idea of blockchain agnosticism, David? Like, you know, I actually, so I just want to, our philosophy is not to be blockchain agnostic.
Speaker A: Never.
Speaker B: Because if you're blockchain agnostic, it means you have to be agnostic to the set of values that actually underpin this space. And that's not very popular, right? You talk about full nodes, you talk about, you know, values. Right now there's a lot of nihilism about crypto values, which is like, who cares? Price go up. That's all I care about.
Speaker A: I'm not here for the values. I'm here, I'm not here for the values. You're not here for the taxation. I'm here for the money.
Speaker B: How quaint. Like full nodes are. And so it's not, it's not necessarily popular, but it's honestly, it's. I think it's important. And it's a. It's the thing that gives me meaning. Right. There's a lot of ways to make money in the world for me. XRP is obviously one of them.
Speaker A: It's one of them.
Speaker B: Yeah. I just don't want to do it. I just like, yes, you could be a trader. God bless, man. Sol has been a fantastic investment. Might continue to be investment in the future. And by the way, I'm not saying it's morally, ethically bad at all. And I'm not saying it's XRP. Right, right. But there are chains that are incredibly centralized that you make a lot of money on, but they don't exhibit crypto values. And it's just not why I am here.
Speaker A: If the users cannot be sovereign, then they're not bankless.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And I think the difference between Ethereum and Solana versus Ethereum and XRP is like, the difference between Solana and XRP is like massive.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: So I actually kind of think the difference between Ethereum and Solana is like incremental versus Ethereum and XRP. But, like, that's the gap that we are operating and discussing is that gap and why and what there is a difference of and what people that you're saying in your tweet are not acknowledging that there is a gap there.
Speaker B: So a lot of people see this, David, which is basically like bankless being bearish soul. Bullish soul. What meme are we looking at here?
Speaker A: I had to, like, read it. The meme. This is the Homer Simpson from Simpsons. Like, looking at his schedule and his family is like, looking at him like, hey, what's Homer, what are you going to do? And week one, it's bearish soul. Week two, it's bullish soul. Week three, it's bearish soul. And I just thought that was a funny meme because I went to breakpoint the same way, the same time you put out your big tweet about needing to users to validate the chain. And so. Yeah, so we're just confused. We're confusing people about what is bankless position on Seoul. What is it? Are we bullish? Why are we paying attention to it? But we're giving it attention, but we're also saying it's an insufficient, like, what, what's our deal? Like, are we going to cover Solana in this bull market or are we not?
Speaker B: I mean, I think there's a lot of different, like, answers to this. Like there's, there's kind of the set of cynical answers which is basically that bankless doesn't talk about Sol or insert your blockchain here because we don't have bags in these ecosystems. Or bags aren't as big. Right. So it's basically like bankless only talks about, which is categorically false. Well, that, but, but how can you disprove that? And by the way, I don't have big soul bags and most of my value is in kind of the ecosystem of ethereum. So it's actually like true. And that's because like I'm investing in a thesis. I just think the. You're not talking about this thing because they're like, you don't have bags or you have bags that, that you make. You want to talk about some other asset. When someone is arguing like that against bankless or anybody else, it kind of cancels itself out because usually they have bags in the ecosystem that they are talking about.
Speaker A: They're just critiquing you for not having their bags. Yeah.
Speaker B: So let's just put the whole bag bias thing aside in that entire critique. And I think one way to think about it is usage of chains. Plenty. I don't know if you saw this this weekend. Yeah. Plenty of put together a chains by economic activity post and actually went through active economic activity and then passive economic activity. So active is basically like the total value of settlement. How many assets have transacted, have moved, have settled on chain. And then passive is like how much value is being secured, economically secured by the chain. So if you actually went by usage in terms of total value, tier one, that is in the double digit billions, Ethereum would be number one. So we talk about Ethereum, Tron would be number two. So we'd be talking a lot more about Tron, which is interesting because the last time we tried to do content on Tron, we actually got a cease and desist from Justin's son. It was kind of hard to talk about Tron. And then after that would be bitcoin, followed by arbitrum, followed by binance. Smart chain. Yeah. Solana would not be in this list.
Speaker A: And there would be a few more chains before Solana.
Speaker B: Yes. And if we're talking about passive, which is the total value that the chain kind of secures, bitcoin would be number one with triple digit billions, ethereum number two. And then in the double digit billions, it would once again be Tron. Tron secures a whole lot of tether. People don't realize this, but it's like $40 billion of tether or something. And then binance, smart chain after that. That could be another way to get, like, we could give. Waiting for what we talk about on bankless, on our bags, which I, you know, I don't think we do. I think we're more honest than that. We could give weighting based on actual usage of the chains. In this way, we could give weighting to whatever the popular crypto narrative is, which, again, we're talking about Solana in this entire episode. So maybe we're doing a little bit of that. Or we could give weighting to where we are curious. And I feel like when we are at our best and when bankless is at its best, it's actually doing the most of that fourth category, the curious.
Speaker A: One, which is why people listen to us, because we are curious and we explore our curiosities.
Speaker B: I hope we can preserve that. And to the extent we do, I think that people continue to listen to bankless and what we're doing here. But, yeah, it's like, curious and values backed are the things that at least I'm trying to optimize for and we optimize for in our best moments. So that's what I think we should do.
Speaker A: Right? 100% agree. And, like, this is, like, kind of the existential crisis that I think it means to be a media company, a for profit media company with employees and all of this stuff is that, well, actually, the narrative is good for the views. And, like. And so, like, part of my, like, exploration into Solana breakpoint was like, is there really a there there? And in the future, if bankless elects to do Solana content, is it because there's a there there? Or is it because the VC's of crypto and the degens of crypto have all identified Solana as a good trade? Because it's not ethereum and it's tiny.
Speaker B: Well, there's a net. There's a nihilist take there, too, which is, like, the only reason you're covering it, David, is to get clicks. That's why you're covering it.
Speaker A: Right, right.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker A: But also, at the same time, like.
Speaker B: You'D say it's because people are interested. People are having a conversation, and they're asking the questions that need to be answered, and you're curious about it because everyone's talking about it.
Speaker A: Right? Like, I'm not gonna do, like, Tron content because Tron is so stupid. Stupid simple. It's like, it's Ethereum with EIP 1559 juiced up with stablecoin payments. That's the story. Solana's story is much.
Speaker B: We'd get. We'd also.
Speaker A: We'd also get a cease and desist from Justin sun again. But also, just like, that's not what Solana is. Solana has this whole narrative, this whole thesis that is not showed, not proven by its facts and circumstances, the facts of its chain, but is a future statement of what Solana could be, which is a fair thing to believe by its community, so long as we understand that the facts about the chain usage do not support that. And it is all, in the future. Imaginations and aspirations of the community, which I don't want to discount. But the whole idea of, like, bankless ignoring Solana, I think there's more than enough evidence to say, like, hey, I hate this word narrative, dude. I want fundamentals. I want reality, and the whole, like, myrrh reply guy army does it should not dictate what we cover on the podcast.
Speaker B: Well, there you go. I don't know if this episode was helpful for anybody else, but I enjoyed it. David, we don't have these conversations. I like this very often. So let's wrap it here, shall we?
Speaker A: I think we should. Yeah.
Speaker B: All right. None of this has been financial advice, guys. Of course, you know that you could lose what you put in. This is bankless. We're headed west. This is the frontier. Hope you enjoyed this episode, and we're glad to be joined with you on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
