Speaker A: Hey, guys. Welcome to the debrief after episode with Anthony Pompliano. A long time coming, David. You know, in the intro, you just called bitcoin a token. When you're reading out that Kraken ad.
Speaker B: Bitcoin or any other token.
Speaker A: Any other token.
Speaker B: Slip of the tongue. Slip of the tongue. Slip of the tongue.
Speaker A: Right before a bitcoin bull episode. We're calling it a meager token difference.
Speaker B: Between coins and tokens. Let's not go into that in the deeper. There's two things that I have in the notes that I have about, uh, talking points to the debrief.
Speaker A: Oh, okay.
Speaker B: Um, one is the hand of God thing. Cause I actually was writing notes about, like, things that remember when I was touching Michelangelo. Yeah, Michelangelo, like Adam. And you're like, who's. Which one's bitcoin? And which one's, uh. And which one's, uh.
Speaker A: Oh. You have a thought on that?
Speaker B: Well, yeah. Cause, like, oh, I said very clearly, like, bitcoin is clearly Adam, and God is like. I didn't. I didn't really define who, like, God was, but to me, like, God is, like, tradfi. Gods is like, get, uh. Like, the tradfi. And the thing is, like, about Michelangelo's Adam, what is that called? Actually? What is that painting called?
Speaker A: Oh, it's in the Sistine chapel.
Speaker B: Right, yeah. Michelangelo. Adam.
Speaker A: Like, you mean that specific.
Speaker B: The creation of Adam. The creation of Adam. And so, like, just to really lay out the picture, like, God is, like, reaching really far. He is, like, really trying to, like, touch the point, the fingertip of Adam. And Adam is just, like, lazy. He's just like. He's like, come on, God, like, touch the hand. Touch my hand, goddess. Let's do this life thing, because this is Adam getting out of the garden of eden, and he's going to go be born, right? He's going to become a human, right?
Speaker A: He's super relaxed. I've got this image, super chill, and.
Speaker B: He'S like, come on, God, let's do this, the whole life thing. And this is during the renaissance, right? And so this is when there is, like, this philosophical enlightenment about the importance of man over God. Like, independent, sovereign man. And so God is like, there's a.
Speaker A: Very humanist take to this. Right.
Speaker B: For sure, yeah, yeah. And so, like, bitcoin. Bitcoin's got a $1.5 trillion market cap without the touch of tradfi. And so bitcoin's just like, come on. Come on and touch. Let's do this whole etf thing. I would touch and touch my hand. I dare you.
Speaker A: I was. I was not thinking on that level at all.
Speaker B: I totally was.
Speaker A: This is from some art history class that you took once upon a time, huh? Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker B: High school. Yeah.
Speaker A: All right, well, okay. At that level now, the comparison makes a lot of sense and is like, yeah, pretty interesting, I would say to me. I mean, I guess that that. That begs the question then, if, like, Adam is in a position of barely trying for tradfi right now, is an evangelist even needed anymore? Are pomp services required any longer? Can he be, like, can he just leave and we're all fine?
Speaker B: Yeah, well, I think, like, pomp was a much more prolific evangelist back in the day. Yeah. And so I like to some, the.
Speaker A: Whole bitcoin community, I think, liked him because he was team number go up. He was almost like, to me, I don't know if you agree with this, he wasn't as big at that level, but, like, he was almost a little bit like a Michael Saylor type figure for 2017.
Speaker B: So the role of bitcoin evangelism has, like, pomp more or less, like, metaphorically passed the baton on to, like, the people that were more better positioned to be bitcoin evangelists than him, which is Michael Saylor. And so, like, it went from Pomp to Michael Saylor. Michael Saylor has had the baton for the past three years, coming up on three years now. But, like, like, it's really, like, elevating beyond Saylor. Like, we're not stopping at sailor. Like, it's going to lay rethink. Like Pomp said. Yeah, yeah. Pomp has squeezed all of his juice. Like, there's nothing else that the market knows that pump doesn't have to say.
Speaker A: In that ancient cycle. Now, again, we're talking about 2017. A lot of people listening don't have context for that, but 2017. Saylor was not a faker. Like, I don't even know if he was dollar cost averaging in at that time.
Speaker B: No, he sort of.
Speaker A: He sort of rose to prominence, like, years later. I mean, I would say 2020 was kind of the first time that it.
Speaker B: Was right after he sold voice.com to Eos for, like, a billion dollars.
Speaker A: Oh, wow.
Speaker B: I remember that happened all before Michael Taylor became a bitcoin dude.
Speaker A: Yeah. So I guess there's the transitioning of the chief evangelist kind of role. And also, I will say pomp fell out of favor in the bitcoin community. I would say, at least among hardline.
Speaker B: Bitcoiners, which was the bitcoin community up until 2022.
Speaker A: Yeah. And particularly, I mean, I didn't want to ask him this question directly and pour salt on the wound a little bit. But the open ended question of like, hey, pomp, what did you learn during the bear market of 2022? We all have lessons learned, of course. And I was wondering if he would bring up blockfi. I almost did, but there is this clip. There's this clip of Anthony Pompliano in, I think, from 2022. Just. It's probably an unfortunate clip for him because I don't know how, but, like, he was an investor in Blockfi. I think he had funds there. David.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. Oh, he definitely.
Speaker A: And like, he was kind of, like, all in on blockfi. So many of the contacts, that very big blockfi bull. And he was an evangelist for Blockfi as well. It's like, put your, put your bitcoin into blockfi. And of course that breaks a strong bitcoin or canonical rule of not your keys, not your crypto. And then it also just got completely wrecked. By the way, I don't. Let me say this. I think a lot of people got snarked by blockfi. Like, I don't. Pomp was in one of those unfortunate places where there's a clip of him, like, shooting a bow and arrow.
Speaker B: Honestly, like, right before Blockfi is about to do extremely well.
Speaker A: Yes. And him saying, like, you know, put your, put your bitcoin in block five for x percent. Right. It's like, blockfi could have worked. Right, if it was, like, solvent. I don't personally have anything necessarily against a custodied exchange who is taking some asset, like a crypto native asset and. Yeah, and, like, lending it out or doing something with it in order to generate a return. Like, fundamentally, I don't have a problem with that. But it requires a higher degree of transparency and it is also very, very, very risky. Anyway, he took the full bore of, like, angry FTX, SBF, Celsius, like, crypto influencers at that time. And I don't know that all of that was deserved. Do you have a take on this?
Speaker B: Yeah. I don't remember properly saying anything about this. I know Peter McCormick also got flack for this.
Speaker A: Oh, he did?
Speaker B: Yeah, because he was, like, promoting blockfi over smart contracts. And so Peter McCormick was directly engaging with the Ethereum crowd and we were like, use DeFi, use Aave and not pomp. Peter McCormick was like, I don't trust smart contracts. I trust blockfi. And he has, like, tweets, though. That's really like the victory. Like the victory. Yeah.
Speaker A: I also somewhat get that. I mean, this is a time where.
Speaker B: At the time of valid take, smart.
Speaker A: Contracts are getting hacked. Right.
Speaker B: All the time.
Speaker A: I mean, like, at that point, the doubt, like, the dow is still in recent memory. I mean, like, smart contracts are getting hacked. Like, there's all sorts of things.
Speaker B: It's 2020, 2021. It was four years after that. But, like, plenty of smart contract hacks for sure, right?
Speaker A: Plenty of other smart contract hacks. And so if you're a bitcoin or you're not, like, tuned to this, I'm just, who am I going to trust? Just like a smart contract, some code on the Internet or this. Right. And so I somewhat see that. And I actually think that Peter got unfairly, probably maligned for that too.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, I mean, like, yeah, unfairly, fairly. It's all like, people's perceptions.
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker B: The lessons that I learned is just like, yo, like, if you're gonna get loud about something and really promote something, you better be really damn sure. Like, that better not be a risk for you. You bet. Might better not be, like, overextending yourself.
Speaker A: I think you gotta disclose the risks is a thing. I would say the whole like to.
Speaker B: The moon, to the moon thing is not exactly like disclosing risks.
Speaker A: All right, so before somebody says, take the plank out of your eye, before you remove the speck in your neighbors, okay, there was a three month period of time where. Oh, that's Jesus. You know, you're going to the Bible, man. You're doing these Bible references. I'm throwing them back at you.
Speaker B: No, mine is a Sistine Chapel Renaissance reference.
Speaker A: All right, another podcast. Okay, so, like, Nexo was a sponsor for a quarter on bankless.
Speaker B: Less than a quarter, but yes.
Speaker A: Okay, so, like six weeks or something like this. And Nexo is also a c five centralized exchange.
Speaker B: Yeah, just like blockfi.
Speaker A: Looks just like I have been transparent in the past. I had some funds in Celsius. I had some funds in Gemini earn. I had some funds like blockfi as well, almost all of them. You were spreading yourself out and just small amounts. So I sort of knew the risks and that sort of thing. When the banks, like the CFI exchanges started going under. And by the way, we've never been against using Coinbase or Kraken, obviously. It's a way to kind of like, you know, onboard to crypto. But when all of these banks, crypto, c five lending exchanges started going under, then we got a lot of flack too. Remember, like, how can bankless. And so we had telegram messages, Nexo. And we're like, hey, given the market conditions, like, we don't know who's solvent or who's not, we have to, like, immediately discontinue this sponsorship opportunity. And, like, we said that, and we pushed that out to the community. They tried to say, hey, we're solving. We were like, it's just. Doesn't matter. It's, like, not the time for this. Right.
Speaker B: They were really disappointed in their choice.
Speaker A: Yeah. What's funny about all that, David, is Nexo is, like, the only one of.
Speaker B: Them that remains solved, hasn't lost anything.
Speaker A: And I don't think that's anything like that we did. In terms of specialness. Sometimes it's about getting lucky is the moral of the story.
Speaker B: I mean, like, you can kind of, like, suss out people, like vibes, and that's what we. But, like, really, like, I don't know. Culture. Culture matters.
Speaker A: Blockfi seems soup. Like block. Celsius. Totally. Like, I totally get bad vibes.
Speaker B: Like, gross.
Speaker A: Yuck. Block five seem pretty. Like suit and tie. They seem pretty. Yeah, at the time, I mean, other things have come to light that just, like, since then, I haven't held up. But anyway, that was a huge aside. You said there were two notes you had. That was your first, Michelangelo.
Speaker B: And the other one was kind of a continuation of what we were saying with the intro. Pomp said, great artists do something and good artists steal, or good artists do something and great artists steal. And so he was like, well, I just stole what other people said and I just broadcasted it louder. And that's what I was doing for the pomp media program, and that's what you and I did. We were watching Pomp do that for bitcoin and like, wow. Wow, that's working really, really well. Let's do that for Ethereum, because we're actually more right than him, actually.
Speaker A: David, I would say starting bankless was kind of like a reaction to pomp.
Speaker B: Right? People were calling you the pomp of Ethereum. Yeah, way back in the day.
Speaker A: And I was just kind of, like, annoyed. That story, not that it was working.
Speaker B: So well, because I think in contrast to how Ethereum story was not working.
Speaker A: Yes. Relative. Yes, exactly. In relative position. But I was a huge cheerleader for everything pomp was saying in bitcoin, and I agreed with everything he'd say about bitcoin, took it a step further and was like, and everything else is a shitcoin.
Speaker B: He would shut the doors behind him.
Speaker A: Yeah. He would shut, he would yank the ladder up. I felt like the bankless story wasn't being told of, like, sure, you can have blocks, but you need programmable block space in order to actually create a bankless money system. And Ethereum's not getting credit for this. And look what we could do with Makerdao and all of these things. And that's how the bankless newsletter started. And I recall when you convinced me to start the podcast and pomp actually DM'd me and congratulate. He was like, bankless is a great name. Much success on the podcast. And then we've invited him a few times on the show before, but for one reason or another, it just didn't work out. And I don't know if we were ghosting him or he was ghosting us. It just wasn't.
Speaker B: He was also extremely busy. He was definitely, like an absolute, like, insane person being a workaholic. Like I said, I'm pretty sure pomp is like an absolute grinder in the background.
Speaker A: Yeah, definitely.
Speaker B: Yeah. And so I think he's a little bit more chill these days. He's got a kid. You saw his kid, like, run behind him that one time in the show. Oh, really?
Speaker A: I didn't see that.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: I should be paying more attention on these.
Speaker B: Ran behind his desk.
Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.
Speaker B: So, yeah, I think he's just a little bit more chill these days.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And like, stuff like this is fun.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, you know, so we can mark that as check. What'd you learn? What was interesting to you? Big soul Maxi. Now is he. Remember this? Yeah, yeah, yeah. We talked about this. Oh, more context for the debrief listeners. David and I didn't record this directly after the episode. We just didn't have time or something. And so this is a few days later. But, yeah, he's at the, at the end when we asked about his portfolio. It's like bitcoin and soul.
Speaker B: It's so funny how those people with certain dispositions will, like, ignore the middle of the barbell and just go for the extremes. Like bitcoin.
Speaker A: There is an element of, like.
Speaker B: Sol doesn't provide bitcoiners with cognitive dissonance, but ethereum does.
Speaker A: Well, that's just a timing thing and a product of like, you know, a prophet has no credibility in his own town. There's another Bible reference for you. How's that?
Speaker B: I don't. I'm missing these. I never read the Bible. I just studied european history.
Speaker A: All right, so I think it's a matter of timing, but there's an element for pomp. It was like, I missed out on Ethereum. Like, he told us he sold low. And so Sol is kind of the I missed Ethereum. I gotta miss the next one. Right? And I think that it has been that way for, for many investors. Some people just saw it. Like, Berninski saw it. Berninski saw the sole trade. He saw the Ethereum trade. He saw the bitcoin trade.
Speaker B: I mean, like I said, we saw the soul trade. You and I identify the soul trade. Like, when sold, $20, that's gonna pump. But, like, I'm just not about it.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're not about making money. Why are you here?
Speaker B: Why? Oh, my God. Chain values.
Speaker A: Yeah. So anyway, that's, that's, that. That's his portfolio right now. And what else we got? Oh, what do you recommend? So, like, asked him, what do you. What do you recommend for, like, you know, people do who are just getting started. He's like, start a business. It's like, I, I think that there is a huge lesson here for, for people who are getting into trying to figure out how to grow wealth and how to become financially independent in this, like, world that is just, like, so slanted against staying in the kind of the mid curve path and the normal path, right? It's like the mid curve path is you go to, you get through high.
Speaker B: School, you work until you go to.
Speaker A: College, jump a job, you get the best job you can, you interview with all kind of the best companies. Like, you work until you're 60.
Speaker B: Like you're from a one k. Exactly.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker B: And you print more money to support your social safety net.
Speaker A: It's kind of broken, right? Working for somebody else is kind of. It's kind of broken. And like, a big unlock here, in my opinion, is like, whether you start your own business or whether you start investing in things, we live in an economy that disproportionately rewards the people who own capital. So you have to own capital. You have to own something. You can't just expect to make it. If you're trying again to build wealth and be financially independent as, like, an employee, unless you are like, a music artist, you're sports, NFL, something like that. Unless you're exceptional, some kind of, like, crazy exceptional thing that is just not the norm. So another lesson I would add to pomps is just like, whatever you do, make sure you own capital. Try to get as fast to taking your wages or taking your time, taking whatever resources you have and converting that to, like, ownership in some sort of asset as soon as possible. That would be, like, the advice I would add for anybody who's, who's young. If you're not owning, if you don't own something, if you don't have some capital, you're not even in the game. And, like, the capital side is kind of like, it's the free money because as they print, as you receive. Yeah.
Speaker B: It's basically like holding eth while the. While Ethereum is burning owning assets, while the money printer is printing. It's the same. Same.
Speaker A: Yeah, it inflates all the air from the money printing goes into the assets. And so if you don't have assets, you're screwed. I mean, this is. Everyone has seen what, what's happened with the housing market. Like, it's just, what is. What are houses, what is property? It's just another asset. And it's printed like, it's inflated faster than I think. Like, younger generations can actually get. Get their hands on it.
Speaker B: Houses have gone out faster than wages.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So these kind of conversations were, like, rampant in early crypto years, like, 2017.
Speaker A: Through 2020, all about, like, ownership, economy.
Speaker B: Owner ownership, investing, like, how to get out of the rat race. I don't know if. I don't really see these conversations being had much anymore. Well, why the economy is broken and why crypto is the answer. Like, it doesn't really. It seems like we kind of just have as kind of, like, top of rabbit hole type of things. And I think every single crypto podcast is, like, now. Like, that's all in their rear view mirrors. No one really talks about that anymore.
Speaker A: I agree. I think maybe part of it is the narrative is certainly just not front and center. And maybe part of it is some of the crypto podcasts, like, most crypto podcasts now are on their second or third cycle.
Speaker B: Cycle. Yeah. And so there's no new fresh crypto podcasts these days. Right.
Speaker A: Yeah. And it's like, this is sort of a lesson to somebody who is like, you know, 18 to. Yeah, 25 or something like that if they don't.
Speaker B: We started the bankless podcast when I was 27. I was getting into crypto when I was 24.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's kind of. Is that, like, okay, you received your entire financial education. My crypto. Is this true?
Speaker B: Crypto 100? Like, 98%. I went leverage long on AMD through Robinhood, and that was my first year before crypto 2016. Yeah. So I had, like, I had maybe nine months to one year of, like, tradfi Robinhood investing before getting into crypto.
Speaker A: Yeah. So I was into investing pre crypto, and then crypto, like, supercharged my investing education. But I think that it is a marvelous education.
Speaker B: Oh, God. Yeah. It is so fast and so sharp.
Speaker A: You've got whatever the equivalent is of, like, some kind of finance MBA or something, right?
Speaker B: Honestly, my perception, one or two cycles in crypto is an entire career in finance.
Speaker A: You could become a VC after that.
Speaker B: I remember just barely nine months into my tradfi stock market, and I have MBA friends. While I was their psych major pet, I had MBA friends, and I was asking him about markets and investing and stuff like this. And, like, nine months in, I was just barely starting to get neurons to, like, fire together, like, connect, just barely. And I was just starting to realize the absolute magnitude of information there was that's out there about financial markets and, like, about, like, hey, like, investing is about alpha and edge. I'm like, oh, they're. Everyone is trying to seek information. And, like, I'm in social work. Like, I am not. I am not meeting these people.
Speaker A: Do you think you'd have a finance podcast?
Speaker B: And then I get into crypto, and, like, by the end of my first cycle, like, half of a cycle, honestly, and I'm into the bear market, and I'm approaching one cycle into crypto, I'm like, I know everything. Like, everyone else in this industry is dumb. I have so much alpha, I have so much edge because I'm like a common sense person and no one knows anything in this industry.
Speaker A: Yeah. And you also are able to go, like, with crypto, something that we've made this observation before, that the traditional, like, if you take the traditional path of understanding finance, you don't go down to is like, the firmware level of, like, understanding money.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: And it turns out that has been the most important trade of the last decade and will be the most important. Debasement is the most important trade of this decade. And a lot of people are blind to it. And so if they're blind to it, they actually don't understand the trad markets either. And, like, so you fast track that in terms of crypto education. You know that 10,000 hours, 10,000 hours rule to be being an expert, right? I mean, crypto is just like, well, especially in your position. In our position, we have spent our 10,000 hours both in talking to people and learning projects and learning and time on Twitter, time writing time reading articles. Right. It's like all of this. There was a time when Twitter actually was an educational source for us.
Speaker B: Yes. Yes.
Speaker A: It's no longer has not been for a long time. And. Yeah, that's how it works. Anyway, that was a. Yeah, these were the.
Speaker B: And the way that this debrief connects to the pomp podcast is like, this was the vibe of, like, 2018 to 2020. Yeah, we're being nostalgic. This was a nostalgic debrief.
Speaker A: All right, well, it's good we checked that box. We got pomp on the podcast. I. Yeah, it was. It's good.
Speaker B: I forgot that he got into crypto via ethereum mining.
Speaker A: I totally forgot that. I don't know if he's told that story before. Maybe he has.
Speaker B: I remember him, but, like. Yeah, that was a pretty.
Speaker A: I think he told us some more details about, like, him actually selling, like, at various points when. Yeah, okay, well, maybe this.
Speaker B: He was telling me that story. I was like, wow. I have that same exact story. Except you started in 2016. I started in 2017.
Speaker A: And you didn't sell.
Speaker B: And I didn't. Well, neither of us sold, but, like, he got in a full.
Speaker A: He sold his eth. He said. He said he jumped up and they sold his EtH at some, like, low price.
Speaker B: I didn't sell. Yeah, I didn't sell. Yeah, I saw you.
Speaker A: Like.
Speaker B: I'm making a day. I don't have to go to work. What the fuck? And I didn't sell.
Speaker A: Yeah. All right, guys, thanks for hanging with us. This has been the debrief. Bye.
