Speaker A: Hey, guys, welcome to the debrief after episode with Jeremy Allaire. David's got to go in 15 minutes, so we're going to jet through this. All right, Jeremy on the podcast Stablecoins. He's bullish on stablecoins. He says the year is 2003, which means there's a lot of consumer adoption ahead, right? 2004. Facebook launched eleven years. Right? 2005, 2005, what did we get? We got YouTube. Some are, I might be confusing years, but, like. And it was just all mainstream adoption after 2003. So he says, like, in his terms, we're right on the cusp of that. What do you think?
Speaker B: Yeah, I just kept on thinking when he was doing, like, the early days of the Internet, I was like, all right, what was I doing on the Internet? And miniclip arcade just kept on coming back to me. Did you ever go on that way in 2003? Yeah. Uh huh.
Speaker A: Oh, no. Was that like a flash game?
Speaker B: Do you remember Flash plug, flash games universe? Yeah. Miniclip was like, oh, my God, it's like, it's so much better than like, flash games arcade.
Speaker A: Anyways, I was the nerdy kid into the Internet, like, before, like mainstream, obviously, in kind of like the nineties and such. I don't know if you were that kid, but I guess in 2003, I've got some years on you. So I would have been in high school at that time.
Speaker B: I do remember a time that there was no Internet, but it started to be pretty hazy. I was like, growing up playing kid pics on my mom's black and white laptop. Apple laptop, I think, actually.
Speaker A: Oh, wow. Yeah, that was probably pre Internet or not pre Internet.
Speaker B: I remember my mom was using Netscape Navigator, and I would watch over her shoulder as she's on Netscape and be like, I think this is weird, what's going on here?
Speaker A: We were early Internet adopters in my house. So this is a time, I don't know if you know this, but you could actually buy a block of hours from your local Isp. That's how you bought the Internet in like, the early nineties. So my dad would be like, we just bought 10 hours of time, right?
Speaker B: So you'd be on a CD Internet or a floppy disk or something.
Speaker A: I mean, that was AOL and Compuserve days. That was like a little bit after this. We had a local ISP where I lived in southern Ontario, Canada, and my dad would buy blocks of time from them. He'd be like, okay, we got 10 hours, or we got like 25 hours. And it would be pretty expensive per hour. Right, right. And so we have to, like, it's.
Speaker B: Not like a paper use kind of thing. You, like, you have the next 25 hours. How would it work?
Speaker A: Or is it paper use just like, a meter? You know, paper use. Okay, yeah, yeah. Paper use the time allotted, and then, like, you disconnect and, like, the tick, the time stops. Right. And then you just go through your bank of hours, and then you're kind of, like, onto the next. It's kind of like how you purchase data plans today. Right. At least some models of it. Right. Anyway, dude, we're digressing.
Speaker B: Yeah. The thing I was thinking going back, it's like, when I was young and experiencing miniclip in all these games, and I don't at all think about, like, this ux is shit. I didn't think about that.
Speaker A: I was like, is this fun, or.
Speaker B: Is it so not fun? Yeah.
Speaker A: Is this useful or is it not? Yeah.
Speaker B: Right. But I'm guessing if I went back in time now, I would look at this as, like, what the shit is. This is entirely broken. I'm not using this.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm assuming. Well, so I feel like you haven't, like, we both have enough of a vantage point in remembering a time where there was pre Internet and kind of, like, being introduced to the Internet. And, like, we remember 2003. Some listeners will not remember 2003, David. Right. There's some people listening that just, like, that's in their early childhood. Some people may not have been born.
Speaker B: I'm sure we have some shout out zoomers.
Speaker A: Yeah, shout out Gen Z. Okay, so what do you think about that? Are we in 2003?
Speaker B: Yeah. Well, so, everyone, my first jobs or first week on my first crypto job, it was like, oh, we're actually in, like, 1987 in Internet terms. And this was in, like, 2017 or something. And I'm, like, taking notes, like, absorbing everything, but, like, everyone's got given different answers across, like, different decades. Like, I think this is, like, it's one of the things that's useful to study, but there's no clear answer here.
Speaker A: You know, I kind of, like 1998. Cause it's right before the big Internet bubble, and I just, you know, still a good time to buy Internet stocks. It's not too late.
Speaker B: Yeah, but didn't the.com bust, like, meaningfully disrupt the economy? Yeah, it was really bad for a lot of people. I'm preferring, like, the.com bubble bus was, like, one big thing that happened all at once. Like, at least crypto. Like, we bubble and pop every four years.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker B: And so, like, it's actually better. It's more, it's more stable, it's less diffused.
Speaker A: I actually could get behind 2003, though, David, because like, I do feel he's right, that we, you know, we've talked about it before, broadband, so now we're kind of like with cheap block space. We're on the cusp of our broadband moment. You know, so much money has been invested in infrastructure.
Speaker B: That feels like a very strong comparison.
Speaker A: Yes. And we're just pre, like big consumer mainstream apps. Right, right. So there are some like kind of successful apps, but like, not really. And it's just the moments before we, we go to mainstream. Now, shortly in the next, like three to five years, uh, we'll get to see whether that prediction's true. And if it is, he said a billion users in the next. I think he said twelve to 24 months. Bankless listeners. Check. Check us on that.
Speaker B: Is that what he said?
Speaker A: He said, yeah, that's what I heard. I heard somewhere. I flagged that to talk about and that's what he said. Maybe his timeline was longer than that. But like right on the cusp of massive consumer adoption. That's kind of where he thinks.
Speaker B: I mean, I guess it's like one of those things is like you're at 100 million users one month, and then some app gets released that goes viral and then three months later you're at a billion users just because everyone's using this one app. I mean, it's probably something like that is what he's talking about.
Speaker A: All right, so the other point of conversation I found most interesting was the question of what does the us government want? I had been under the assumption that they're pretty excited to export the dollar across the world. More dollar use is good for the US and more treasuries that are purchased. The Arthur Hayes article that you sent to me a few days ago, it's from earlier in March, I think Arthur makes the case that the Fed and treasury really hate full reserve banks, basically because you're bypassing the entire banking system. You're going directly to m one and you're not doing it. Renders their monetary policy and their levers, Nerf.
Speaker B: Nerfs on their policy a lot less effective. Yeah.
Speaker A: Right. And so Arthur made the case that they're not going to want that. If they do, they'll want it in a tightly controlled way. He was really comping this to tethere, right? Look at the obscene money that tether is making. Like four to 5 billion a year. Yeah. And this is all kind of like, an accidental arbitrage, of, like, you know, having a fully reserved bank, essentially. And, you know, at the end of the day, who is the God, who is the boss? Who owns the brand, copyright, trademark, everything of the dollar? It's not tether, it's not circle, it's not even the big banks. It's big bad us government. And so, like, yeah, who's the product manager for the dollar? It's Janet Yellen, isn't it? With a little help from Jerome Powell. So, yeah, what's your take on that?
Speaker B: Yeah. Cause there's something that's a fundamental conflict, right? Like, circle could never be a business. That is fractional reserve. This is something I sing out while we're doing the episode is like, even like, fractional reserve banks work. Like, that's the status quo. Like, no one can really. They also go under at times, but they also work. But, like, you could never really do a fractional reserve bank on DeFi just because, like, why would you use the fractional Reserve bank when you could use the fully reserved bank? And so this is like, Jeremy's like, why would you be a customer with a liability of a fractional reserve bank when there's, like, a fully fully reserved bank contract away?
Speaker A: What USDC does and what tether does is they skip that whole fractional reserve process. Now, the point in time, wherever, um, some of the value back in USDC was fractional reserve was when Jeremy had that, like, 3.5 billion or whatever USDC reserve inside of Silvergate, Silicon Valley bank. Like, he had that. And, like, that was the worst possible money to have. That's the fractional reserve part. You have no FDIC insurance on 250 billion. So it's super vulnerable. When Paulo came on, the CEO tether, he was like, USDC and circle mismanaged through that crisis. You know what they should have had, David? They shouldn't have had any cash in the bank. That's a stupid, risky asset to have. He said they should have had just direct treasuries because this is securities liabilities. Yeah, direct liabilities. And they cut, like, the whole fractional. They completely cut it off. And it's interesting. That's what he's really moved to. Right. The only cash we have is too big to fail. Cash which tether can't get access to anyway. And then we have treasuries after that.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Coinbase and Circle are. I mean, I think tether maybe should be there, too. But, like, circle's doing the regulatory arbitrage thing are like, the two companies that, like, I think we like, they're good now and they are positioned to become evil later.
Speaker A: You know, I've kind of consigned myself a little bit to that. Like, so we asked them the question, which is like, are you basically engaging in regulatory capture in front of Congress? Right. You know, and, you know, of course, like, the ideal way this would work is you just pass some legislation, you open the playing field and you don't play favorites so long as everyone complies by whatever the thing you live the rules are. And so, but like part of me is like, oh, wow, they have the market cornered in the US, right? Tether is clearly not the favorite for the us government. Why would it be? It's offshore. You know, like circle is. But here's, here's one counter that I would say is, guess who hasn't entered the chat yet?
Speaker B: The Fed.
Speaker A: The big freaking banks. You think they're going to let Circle waltz in here with Coinbase and go take the digital dollar from them?
Speaker B: Blackrock will, because Blackrock owns circle.
Speaker A: Blackrock's not a bank, though. Blackrock is an asset manager. Right?
Speaker B: It's an asset, yeah, asset manager. Asset manager. Bank asset manager, we call them.
Speaker A: So here's lazy talk. Bankless calls them all banks because they own your private keys. Right. All right. But like the, the actual nomenclature is these are not like banks. Right. They don't.
Speaker B: In the tradition of the word bank.
Speaker A: In the trad sense of the world, right. Where you're talking about like the JP Morgan's of the world, the bank of America, these are the big wells Fargo, these are the big actual banks who would be in the stablecoin business and they have not entered the freight yet. And they're going to have a thing to say. They're not just going to let circle and Coinbase go capture 21 trillion in digital dollars, are they?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, that's a good point. I don't want them in either. I mean, I much prefer, I don't know who's the leadership behind any of these other than Jeremy diamond. Why does it matter?
Speaker A: Don't you think it's.
Speaker B: Excuse me.
Speaker A: Why does it matter, though? Because it's all like a centralized.
Speaker B: Because if you find yourself as the CEO of a too big to fail bank, it's because you have the personality and the values and the disposition of a too big to fail bank. If you find yourself to be Jeremy Allaire, who's the CEO of circle, it's because you have the personality and disposition of somebody who's like a crypto person who understands crypto values, and that's my team.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I get that. And he'll be more supportive of Defi and understand it than Jamie diamond. Right? Yeah.
Speaker B: Jamie diamond would be like, hey, you know what's tight? Censorship at the layer one.
Speaker A: He was passed that legislation. You're right, you're right. No, you're right about that. So that is important that we have some people with crypto values in there. I'm just saying, over the longer time horizon, Jeremy's going to sell the company. Who knows? We didn't ask him if they're going to IPO. I don't think he had answered that. But Circle's going to IPO, or maybe somebody buys them. Do you know, like, Jeremy's not going to be here forever, so his, you know, his values, that's why.
Speaker B: Same thing with Brian Armstrong. That's the same thing. I'm worried about Coinbase. Brian Armstrong, trust him to the end of the world. Uh, Coinbase, it doesn't matter what, what you think about Brian Armstrong. Coinbase at the end of day. Equity for profit company on like the trad system. Equity shareholder incentives, uh, for choice rule over ethereum.
Speaker A: Uh. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. Exactly. But I guess what I'm saying is it's a stable coin anyway. It's definitely like, like it's a US dollar backed stablecoin. It's going to end up. It is already centralized. It's going to end up more centralized. And that is just what the product is to me. It's a central bank digital currency just deployed on crypto rails. And I'm just thankful that it's on an open, permissionless network and we can do cool stuff with it and program, and it's going to get private keys, more hands, and it's going to be a gateway to the actual crypto native assets. That's why I'm thankful for. But, yeah, I don't expect it to like, be some great marker of decentralization.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's like the conduit to decentralization. It's like the larger pipe to decentralization.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, it's just like an out of place question. For instance, if we were like, Jeremy, how do you feel about AML Kyc on your stablecoin?
Speaker B: Yeah, how dare you implement the values, the authoritarian values of the nation state. Get rid of a kml kyc. You know what? Decentralized. Turn circle into a dao, Jeremy. That's what you should do if you're really about that life.
Speaker A: Yeah. Why are you backing it with dollars in a bank?
Speaker B: How dare you?
Speaker A: It's just. That's the thing. It's not that product. Right. And the reason I like it in general, more than I like dollars in a Wells Fargo account is because at least it's on an open, permissionless network.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: And fully reserved is fully reserved. But, like, it's not, like, core, hardcore bankless value. It's not. It's not full bankless here.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: We're talking about just, like, incrementally more bankless than Yale anyway.
Speaker B: I mean, we all know that banklessness is a spectrum, right? Like, full bank list is just, like, raw bitcoin or raw eth. And that's not productive enough.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'd be. Yeah, I like you. We're not there.
Speaker B: I like my.
Speaker A: Not there. I like my yields.
Speaker B: I like to run contracts as my custodian.
Speaker A: Yeah, I like paying with fiat. What else? I don't want to spend my.
Speaker B: I love. I love getting rid of fiat.
Speaker A: I love.
Speaker B: So fun to spend. So fun to spend fiat.
Speaker A: All right, do we have anything else valuable to add? This conversation?
Speaker B: I don't think we do.
Speaker A: Spend the debrief. See ya.
