Speaker A: Can we build new systems, new social networks, new games, new financial systems, new, you know, just across the board, every kind of Internet service you can imagine? Can we build new ones that are able to compete with these, what I call corporate networks, the facebooks, Twitters, et cetera, but have the societal benefits that we saw on the early Internet?
Speaker B: Welcome to bankless, where we explore the frontier of Internet money and Internet finance. This is how to get started, how to get better, how to front run the opportunity. This is Ryan. Sean Adams. I'm here with David Hoffman, and we're here to help you become more thankless guys. Notable venture capitalist Chris Dixon. On the podcast today, he wrote down his mental model for understanding crypto in a new book called read, write, own. It'll be out today or tomorrow. It's an absolutely fantastic overview. To understand crypto. There's really two lenses to explain crypto to people. I think there's a first, the money lens. This is. We've covered that in episodes that we've done with Lynn Alden and others. And there's also the lens of the Internet. And this is the episode you're about to listen to with Chris, because both models are correct. And I think Chris uses the lens of the Internet to explain crypto in a way that is unique and incredibly helpful as this third technology generation of the Internet. A few takeaways for you. Number one, we go through the three eras of the Internet. Number two, we talk about why blockchains are like computers. In fact, they are computers. Number three, how crypto will revolutionize this whole Internet thing. Number four, why tokens are valuable. And number five, why crypto is now on the cusp of its iPhone moment.
Speaker C: We had this episode with Chris Dixon recorded on a old bank list podcast episode in 2021 where he came on and gave us the read write own thesis. And I think it was one of the most effective podcasts we ever recorded to pill people and get them into crypto and understand the power of crypto back in the top of the frothiness of the 2021 bull market. And content like this, I think, is really valuable to have when crypto gets really chaotic and hectic and tokens are flying everywhere because it reminds us about the base principles about why we're here. And Chris decided that that mental model worked so well that he needed to put it into a book. Coming in the tail end of 2022 and into 2023, I think the whole world needed to be reminded about the power of crypto and how all of these emergent phases of the Internet are necessary for a better version of the technologies that they all inspire. And so I think the significance of this episode is just a good reminder for crypto natives who probably listen to that episode in bankless history, but also maybe should listen to it again, you know, two plus years later into the future, as Chris has been able to refine his thoughts and articulate them better.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think 2022, a lot of us asked, why are we still here? And this is basically Chris's answer for this. He looked into his soul and looked at what was going on in the world, and he reestablished why he was here. And it's all chronicled in this episode. You're absolutely going to love it. We will be right back with episode with Chris Dixon. But before we do, we want to thank the sponsors that made this episode possible. Bankless nation. We are joined by Chris Dixon. He is a general partner at a 16 z, where he leads all crypto investments. He's also one of the most articulate people we know at explaining crypto. That's why he's on the episode today, particularly from the lens of crypto as a revolution, not just of money systems, but a revolution of compute, a revolution of the Internet. And he's written all of this down in an extremely accessible book that I just picked up and read. It's called read, write, own. So we're going to explore the theme of that book in today's episode. Welcome back to Bankless. How you doing, Chris?
Speaker A: I'm great, Ryan. Thanks for having me.
Speaker B: All right, so last time we talked, and I know you've been on bankless a couple of times, the last time we talked, it was pre, the absolute chaos of 2022. So it was like May 2022. We had the terra Luna thing. We're like, what was that? But we didn't yet have FTX. We didn't yet have all of the crypto funds going down. I just want your take as we go into this episode. Like, how did you weather that storm? How was 2022 for you? How did it compare to other downturns?
Speaker A: It's a good question. I mean, that was. Look, that was a very bad time. There were a bunch of bad actors, as we now know, who did some very bad things, including criminal things. And I think beyond obviously, the direct harm that they caused to the consumers and all the other kind of victims of those, of those crimes, there was also just the collateral damage on the whole crypto blockchain movement that we all work on, which is, frankly, frustrating. I've been working on this for a long time. I believe in it very deeply. And I feel like there's a set of people who've come along who kind of co opt this movement that I think has, it's a very important movement, and I think it's an idealistic movement, and I think those folks co opt it and kind of contort it and give us all a bad name. And that also then leads to this regulatory backlash. So, I mean, frankly, it was very frustrating. I kind of honestly, like, I forgot, when was that? Like early 2022 or is that right? Or am I getting the timeline right? Like, when was the FTX thing? There was that whole series of events. Look, and I reflected on it and I said, you know, why am I doing this? Like, I, look, I've been, I've sold two companies. I've worked in venture capital. Like, I could, you know, like a lot of VC's pivot to AI when times like this, you know, I obviously didn't, you know, but look, I could do other things and, you know, including, like, I like writing. I have a lot of interests. Like, it's just I don't have to be kind of going around and working on this. And so I reflected on that, and what kept coming back to me was this idea, that kind of the gap between what I saw, the potential I saw for this movement. I think you guys see this. I think others that we work with, like in our portfolio see this. The gap that I saw and sort of the public image was just so incredibly wide. And I guess in my negative moments, I kind of saw that as frustrating. But then I tried to flip it around and be optimistic and say, you know what? That's actually an incredible opportunity. How often in one's career you get the opportunity to close that gap, right? And so I said, you know, instead of sitting here and kind of feeling sorry for myself or whatever, I'm going to write a book. And so that was middle of 2022. I set out to do that. I also did it because I wanted to test myself, because I think, I think it's Richard Feynman who has that great quote. If you can't explain it to a ten year old, you don't really understand it. I'm butchering the quote. But I do believe that it's common in this space to kind of, I think, use crutch words like decentralization. I mean, that's a real word, but people often use it as a way to kind of skip over explaining the details, right? Or we say things like, hey, the casino bootstraps, the utility. But, like, well, how does that actually work? Right? Like, what are the details? And, like, explain it to. So what I said to myself is what would be an interesting challenge to sort of imagine, let's say, a friend of mine set up imagine a smart high school student who doesn't have any background in, in technology, but they're open minded and smart. And can you explain from kind of first principles why this is an important movement, how it works, how it will evolve, why it should matter? Why shouldn't it be banned? Why is this societally beneficial? And so for me, it was, I think, multiple motivations. One was to challenge myself. Can I really prove this to myself writing things? Jeff Bezos, I think, talks about this, that the reason they don't allow PowerPoints and you're forced to write things discursively in memo form is that it forces you to really think and fill in the gaps. And so for me, partly it was frankly, just a personal exercise, like, can I do this and fill in all the gaps? But it was also, I kind of flipped it around and like, this is an incredible opportunity, because I have the opportunity to write a book that helps take something that I think of as I think there's two really important tech movements happening right now, AI and blockchain. Crypto. And AI, I think, is very well understood. I talk about this in the book. I think there's what I call inside out and outside in technologies we can talk about later. But essentially, it's a technology coming from the establishment, and it's well understood. Everyone gets the idea that if you have a super smart, smart robot, it could be useful, whereas blockchains and crypto are not understood. And so I sort of flipped it around my mind. I said, this is a really interesting opportunity to do that. So I have my day job, although in downturns, that does slow down somewhat, and I have a great team to help me. So I spent, so it was like, I guess, summer of 2022, I set out to do it. And I was, of course, everyone embarking on a project, incredibly naive about how much work it would take. I was like, oh, I'll whip it out in two months. You know, fast forward. Basically, 15 months later, I was finishing the thing up, went through many, many drafts. I basically was on a schedule of, I would get up. I mean, and I'm not complaining. I actually really had a great time and loved this. But I got up probably at six or seven every day for a year and worked three or 4 hours every morning on it, and really at one point took some time off and one point rented an isolated house and did a lot of work on it. A lot of work. And a lot of it is sort of the Mark Twain quote. If you had. If I had. I think it was Mark Twain. If I had time, I would have written a shorter letter. Like, I really, really, really tried to compress concepts in a simple way. I cut out, the book is 230 pages, main text. I cut out at least that much. Also, like 230 pages. As you know, I think, Ryan, I don't go very deep into technology kind of details. That's on purpose, because I'm really trying to appeal to the general reader. If there's demand for it, I could write a sequel where I go into more of the tech and stuff, but if people are interested. But it's really meant to be this general reader thing. So that was, for me, a great both project. I think I learned a lot, but it was also kind of a coping mechanism.
Speaker B: It was one time, look, we needed that coming out of 2024 or 2023, too, rather. And then, like, even the last year of kind of downturn and governments turning against us, I mean, David and I certainly felt that it was kind of a time for reflection. Like, what are we doing here? And, like, do we want to stay here? And are we going to take this back and clean up after the party? So, like, for my part, Chris and I know David feels the same way. We're glad you doubled down, man. And what you've written here is an extremely accessible kind of explanation of crypto. And it's not apologism so much, although there are elements of that. Like, you get into some defenses here, but it's just like, hey, let's talk about why this is important. And the existential question is, is crypto good for humanity or not? And that's what I think this book tries to answer. So. So, Chris, why don't we just dive right in? Because I want to make this an episode where, like, people can send their friends to and their family to when they're like, what are you doing in crypto? Like, in that industry of scams? I mean, we got a lot of that in 2023.
Speaker A: And by the way, if I could add Ryan, I mean, that's really what I want the book to be, is I do think there's value for folks like you. I mean, you guys are deep in the space, you know, a lot. You know, you know a lot more than is in the book. I do hope that there are mental models and ways of explaining that are appealing to folks like you. And by the way, I wrote the book very deliberately in sort of three to four page kind of blog posts, like chunks. So, like, for example, you guys might skip the blockchain section, but might find some of the other sections on, you know, there's a part on regulation, a part on different applications. So it's meant to be skippable, just so you know. But really the core audience, what I really am hoping is it becomes the book that you give to your. Exactly what you're describing, what you give to your friends and family to explain it. Right. I've been going to DC a lot. Like, I literally every meeting, they're like, what book should I read? And I don't have a great answer. I mean, there's great books. I don't want to disagree with great books.
Speaker B: There's. I just want to say there's great books about crypto from, like, monetary economics.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: There's a lot of, like, they're very.
Speaker A: Like, austrian economics, bitcoin.
Speaker B: That's not what DC wants to read.
Speaker A: Well, and look. And it's just honestly not. I come at it from a different perspective.
Speaker B: I know you do.
Speaker A: I come at it more from the Internet perspective. There's that and look, and there's a lot of great, there's great books on. What is it called? The infinite machine. On Ethereum. There's a great book on Coinbase, but to my mind, there wasn't sort of an up to date comprehensive book that's like, why is this important societally? And be specific. And no hand waving. No, let me go through the details and explain it to you. And honestly, just sort of walk you through my journey. I was a web one and then a web two person, and it was going pretty well. You know, like Andreessen Horowitz. We've done well. Like, you know, why did I switch to this? Like, it's because I believe what I wrote in this book, and so I wanted to share that with other people. So, anyway, sorry to interrupt you, but.
Speaker B: No, look, that's the preamble, okay? So let's. Let's get right to the good goods here. And so, like, you start with kind of this introduction, and I'm wondering, Chris, if you could kind of tell us a story. Tell us a story of maybe the early Internet. As we explore these verbs. Read, write, web. And what I like about this is your framing of this. In the beginning, there was the Internet, and the Internet was good, right? There's this sense of a paradise lost, that we had something special in the early days and it got sidetracked. And maybe you could start us off there, tell us the story of the early Internet. What was different?
Speaker A: Well, I mean, so. And I go through this some in a pretty rapid, but I think, hopefully helpful way in the book. But the Internet had its origins in government and academia, and for a variety of reasons, it began as this open, decentralized platform. So anyone could go and, for example, put up a website and you could create art or make a game or start a business. And the key feature was you own that website and you had a direct relationship with your audience, right? So if people came to your website, you could have a free. Make it free and just the cool thing. Or you could put ads up, or you could sell stuff. And by the way, Jeff Bezos decided to sell stuff. Larry Page decided to put up ads. Like, this is why all this stuff happened. Happened, right? Like, the nineties were incent happened in the sort of golden age of innovation on the Internet, nineties and early two thousands, because these entrepreneurs knew you could put something up. And if you built it, you owned it. Like, you didn't pay 30% to apple, you didn't pay 100% to Facebook. If you fast forward to the platforms today, it's very, very different. Now. Back then, you had true ownership. You owned it. You controlled it. Yeah. You could lose your website if you broke the law or did other kind of really bad things. But otherwise, you had this little plot of land, right? You own something, and it was sort of this collective bottoms up. I kind of liken it in the book to a city of, like, this sort of organically growing city. You know, I'm in New York right now. Like, I love New York, and I love how it's so organic and it's bottom up, and people have little plots of land, and there's parks and there's public space and private space, and they interact together. And that's what the early Internet was like. And look, that's why I got into it personally. Like, I, you know, I was also reflecting on this as I was writing the book. Like, I don't know if I would have been in business, honestly. I'm not necessarily naturally a business person. I was in academia. I was in a PhD program. I got into the Internet because they got into business, into tech, honestly, because of the Internet and these ideals. I was like, this is amazing that you could sort of unite all of humanity in this global information network in this way that sort of owned by everybody there was no company behind. There was no one controlling it, by the way, that wasn't a fait accompli for those who didn't really dig into the history. There were companies that were trying to own it, like Microsoft and Disney and others. But thank God for the open source folks and the open protocol people who won out on that. Anyways, fast forward today and the Internet has essentially, if you look at all this, by all the stats, has gotten consolidated around roughly five companies. So this is Apple, Amazon, Facebook, Google, et cetera. It's the top, I think it's 95% of searches are the top 1% of search engines, top 1% of social networks, and 95% of the traffic, 50% of Nasdaq's market cap is those top five companies, up from 25% a decade ago. Across the board, you look at all the stats, traffic money. The top five social networks made $150 billion last year in revenue. That was 95% of the revenue made in social networking. It's just across the board. We are very close to a situation where the Internet went from this open, permissionless, democratically owned system to something that looks more like old style broadcast tv, where you have ABC, CB's, and NBC, which I think is a very disappointing outcome. And in fact, I would go so far as to say I consider a lot of the work I've done on the Internet honestly, kind of a failure if that's where we end up. Like, this is not, like this is a very disappointing outcome. And I don't look, and if I thought it was, and so then what do you do about it? You could imagine doing regulatory things about it. In theory. That's great. I don't see any actual plausible movement towards that simple stuff like the Apple App Store, which is clearly a huge issue for startups and clearly, I think, an abuse of monopoly power.
Speaker B: Are you following, by the way, that.
Speaker A: Epic versus battle right now, epic basically lost the thing and now Apple's doing this very cynical work.
Speaker B: So for folks don't know, it's because Epic just wanted to deploy Fortnite like a payment system inside Fortnite. And Apple's like, nah, you can't. It has to go through our Apple payment system and we get 30% commission on those transactions.
Speaker A: I don't think, like Mark, my partner, Mark Andreessen, says he doesn't think he could launch, you know, Netscape today, right. You couldn't imagine if you launched an app that said, you can open any other app in the world, including all sorts of crazy stuff like that, just would clearly be outside of the bounds. So, like, we've dramatically narrowed the kind of Overton window of innovation because of Apple's policies. Anyways, that's a separate topic. But, like, look, theoretically, this problem I'm describing of this strong consolidation Internet, theoretically, there are regulatory solutions to it. People have proposals like data portability and other things. I haven't seen any serious efforts towards those things. And as we see it with the Apple response yesterday, these companies are very clever and able to work around these kinds of regulatory things. I'm not optimistic about that approach. The other approach is new technologies. And I think that the only credible and by far the most important one is our blockchains and the networks built on top. And so that, to me, is sort of the broad motivation here is can we build new systems, new social networks, new games, new financial systems, just across the board, every kind of Internet service you can imagine. Can we build new ones that are able to compete with these, what I call corporate networks, the Facebooks, Twitters, et cetera, but have the societal benefits that we had that we saw on the early Internet. And that's what I see as the promise of blockchains.
Speaker B: Okay. The framing of this is interesting, and I think we want to get into it. So you mentioned protocol networks, and then you mentioned corporate networks, and I think you also mentioned blockchain networks there. And that is kind of like a mental model you use throughout the book and roughly corresponds to the three verbs of the title of the book. Read, write, own. To outline these three eras. I'm wondering if we could take these kind of one by one in a bit more detail. The first is we just did an overview of the history of the Internet and where it's gotten off course. It's like this centralized now. It's permission. It's gatekeeped. What are we doing here? This is not the Internet of the nineties. I'm wondering if you could take us, now that we've looked at this in broad strokes, take us through the history of protocol networks as they were. Again, what was so great about them and what were they missing? Maybe RSS is a good example of this. And how did corporate networks kind of creep in here, but also give us the framework here, protocol, corporate, and blockchain.
Speaker A: Yeah, let me just say on terminology, it'll sound a little funny to some people, because in the blockchain world, we refer to networks as protocols. That would obviously, in the context of my book, be confusing. I mentioned this in the book, so I call them just to be super clear protocol networks. I'm referring to things like the web and email, HTTP and SMTP, kind of the original web one protocols, like the nineties Internet. Yeah, the nineties Internet corporate networks are referring to basically the two thousands Internet, which is sort of pioneered by eBay, but then obviously Facebook and Twitter and all these other services where a company runs the network and has full control, they have full control of the economics and full control of the access and every other kind of relevant thing. And then blockchain networks are essentially things that we're all familiar with here. I use it as an umbrella phrase. So, Ethereum, I would call a blockchain network. Uniswap, I would call a blockchain network, someone building a game on top of Ethereum. So I didn't want to get into all the nuances in the book. So I used an umbrella term to not have to separate l one and l two and all these other kinds of things just so the crypto people know. I realize it's slightly eccentric language. I played around with it a lot, and I found like, this was the one. This was the kind of terminology I thought would be the clearest to the general public.
Speaker B: No, I like it. I think it works. And those three eras roughly correspond to read, write, and own as well, right?
Speaker A: They do. They do, yes, that's right. So basically the kind of story, right, is so that the Internet started, and parts of it were started in the seventies through DARPA, but really kind of, I think most people would call like 1981, beginning of the Internet. That was the day that that IP, the Internet protocol, was formally launched. And then you had the rise. You had a bunch of different email systems, and eventually people proposed SMTP as a way to kind of unify them all. You had Tim Berners Lee create the World Wide Web protocol HTTP in 1989. But then you really had this kind of explosion in 93, which was Mosaic and Netscape, which was the first consumer accessible client software. Those early protocols, I would sort of think of them as almost like languages like the english language, in that they're just specifications of how to speak to each other. They're not actually live running code. So what HTTP says is, hey, if you send me data in the following format, I'll accept it and I can send you data back in that way. And what that means is, if you think about the english language is it's effectively a consensus system, right? Like, if I can start speaking English differently and maybe I can nudge the english language a certain way, if I'm influential, you know, if you're an influential celebrity or something, you can make up new words and they'll get popular. But in general, if I go too far, right, you won't understand me and I'll cease to interoperate. Right. You and I will no longer interoperate through the english language. Right. So that's kind of what these, these things were. And then they had a very important component called DNS, which, you know, is still around today. And DNS is the system, the naming system of the Internet, where, you know, I own cdixon.org, comma, that's my website. But very important, a very, very important thing they did in DNS is they said the user controls this mapping between cdxn.org and the physical computer in my DNS records. I can control that. Cdixon.org points to, I think I use Netlify today. But let's just say Netlify decides they're going to start doing stuff that we see the big social networks doing, like charging me lots more money or changing the rules. I can just switch, because I control that mapping. I own that domain. That was the key thing in the first year of the web was that names, which are your entry point or your digital avatar, you control it. And when I leave, and if I switch that name and leave Netlify, all of my networks stay in place. You can still email me, you can still find me an SEO. It all happens behind the scenes. Think of it today as if I had C. Dixon on Twitter, and I can say, I don't like Elon Musk. I'm going to switch mycdixon Twitter to some other service. I'm being a little metaphorical here because it's sort of hard to imagine how it would work exactly. And I can keep all my followers, I can leave Twitter today and I can download my tweets, but I can't keep my following. And that's the thing that matters. That was the key thing with web one. You could exit, you could switch what that did. It's very interesting because it's a very small architectural decision, but it had these really profound downstream consequences, like I would argue I'll get into in a second. But essentially, kind of one of the themes of the book is that these small architectural decisions in how these Internet services are built can actually have these very profound downstream consequences. And I try to kind of walk through and explain that. So that was a key feature of that first era. The other key feature of that first era is it's what sort of nineties Internet it was what I call skeuomorphic. Right? And that's a word that kind of apple pioneered, and people have kind of, I guess, ported it over to other use cases. But by skeuomorphic, I mean that a lot of early technologies, when they're really radically new, people don't fully know how to embrace them fully. And so what they do is they kind of use, they kind of port over ideas from other forms of media. So when the first films came along, if you go watch the early films, it was essentially people would do a play and they would put a camera in front of it, right? Because they didn't. They didn't. They hadn't yet established the grammar of filmmaking, that you could have a close up and an establishing shot and like, all these other kinds of things, right?
Speaker B: Do you remember Yahoo. In the 1990s? It looked like a yellow Pages director.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. They would literally model yellow pages. If you went like, essentially, the web in the nineties was a bunch of brochures, like shopping brochures, kind of flyers. It looked like if you go back and look at the. Like it was magazines, like it was essentially. And you could do some kind of inputting of stuff. But essentially, it was a one way medium. Essentially, you were going to a search engine and looking up Abraham Lincoln's birthday or how to buy this widget from some website or something like this. And that's why we call it, a lot of people call it the read era because it's sort of an analogy to file systems and things of where it's like one way you can read only, you can consume information only then. And so that kind of went along. And then we had the Internet crash, and then we had this sort of bubbling resurgence. That's when I got into this. I was early, two thousands. And I was sort of really excited by essentially the native, what I call the native ideas of the Internet, which was, hey, this is a brand new medium. You can do more than just put up brochures and magazines and other kinds of skeuomorphic things. Like, what if, what if we really leaned into the idea that it can be a two way medium, that anyone can not only be a consumer of information, but also a publisher. When I say we, by the way, that wasn't me. That was the movement. I was a small part of the movement. It was literally, by the way, called the read write movement. There were two names for it, web two and read write. In fact, in the book, I cite a very prominent blog at the time. It was probably the bank list of the two thousands was read write, read, write web. So, I mean, so that would be like, if we were sitting here, then it'd be like, read write would just be a thing. Everyone talked about it that way because that was the whole idea was like, now we can make it a two way medium, right? And there was all this cool stuff happening. There was blogging and mashups. They called there's all these kind of neat things. And then, of course, you had YouTube and Facebook and Twitter and a bunch of kind of serious entrepreneurs come in and they kind of cobbled together a lot of the ideas made by the hackers and they made a more mainstream products. Boom. And then the iPhone came along in 2007, and the next thing you know, boom. Like, the whole world's using their phone 7 hours a day, which is the latest tab. One interesting thing that happened there is so one interesting question, right, is how come social networking, kind of the read write web, became controlled by these companies and led to the consolidation of the Internet instead of being built in sort of the same open protocol architecture of the first year of the web? And we have a very interesting case study, which is there was a very serious attempt to make those systems open, and it was RSS. RSS is essentially an open protocol that allows you to basically mimic the. You can build something like a TikTok or a Twitter or a Facebook kind of social networking of interest, by the.
Speaker B: Way, to podcast listeners. If you're consuming this on Apple podcasts, you are consuming an RSS feed.
Speaker A: And RSS is still around and it's used by millions of people. But it's not, you know, it's not what it could have been like. It's not like, in my mind, what it could have been is it could have been. We were all using RSS all day. We're using short video RSS instead of TikTok. We're using, you know, micro messaging RSS instead of Twitter. Like in my. So I'm not trying to. But I'm a big fan of RSS for those, you know, like, I'm not trying to sort of dis RSS.
Speaker B: Like, podcasting is the only, like, use.
Speaker A: Case that still podcasting and then like kind of, you know, people like me and other hardcore tech, open tech people. But yeah, it's relatively niche compared to these big social networks. It didn't have to be. In fact, I'd say I have the stats in there. It's like 20070 eight. It was a neck and neck horse race between RSS. And for example, Twitter was sort of the most similar in functionality. And in fact, Twitter. I think of it as there was a real bait and switch that happened, which is all of these. These closed corporate networks marketed themselves as being nodes in the RSS network. They all fully interoperated, both in and outbound. And they said, hey, when you write a blog post, instead of just putting it in your RSS feed, also post it on Twitter and it'll all interoperate. In fact, if you go, I quote myself just one time in the book of my old blog. I used to blog about this stuff. I have actually went back and look, I have dozens of blog posts arguing with people and I'm like, guys, we shouldn't believe this. They're going to do switch. I literally, and I cited one. I don't know if you remember that part, Ryan, but there's one part. I don't normally cite myself in the book, but this one part, it was relevant. It wasn't because I thought they were machiavellian. I just understood how venture capital and business models work. I think they're all good, by the way, I should say across the board. I know a lot of people that work with these web two companies. I generally like them and think they're good people critiquing the system here. The reason I didn't have some crystal ball to see that this would happen, it was the fact that, look, at some point, Twitter isn't making money. In 2008, they're going to have to make money. They raise money from a bunch of VC's. There's going to be a business model at some point. And that business model is probably not consistent with having all the data go in and out for free. Look, that was a very consequential outcome. Had RSS won, the combined revenue of the social networks last year was $150 billion. These are the big five. Had RSS won. And so basically, think of these as all of this money is flowing through these networks. There's something called a take rate of a network. And that's what percentage of the money flowing through the network does the network operator take? What's the kind of the toll fees, if you will? For example, with credit cards, it's two and a half percent rough, 2% to 3%. So that's if you buy something. Two to 3% is going to a set of different people who are operating the network. I think ebay is 8%. A bunch of physical good things are in that ballpark of 10%. Apple app store is 30%. Social networks are outside of YouTube are 100% so they take all the money. It's almost unprecedented in the rest of the economy. So all of the. So you go, you know, I go to any social network today, I'm going because of these content creators, the network is making money through advertising. They are sharing. Sometimes they have these little creator pool things. I did the math and the book on it. It's like sub 1% of the revenue. It's really just almost a marketing thing. It's so de minimis. But essentially I wake up in the morning, I go to TikTok, I view these creators, these creators are working on this stuff. TikTok shows me ads, all of that money. Facebook shows me ads, Instagram shows me ads, Twitter shows me ads. All of that money goes to the network operator. Had rss one, had an open protocol one, there would be no network operator. That money would go to the edges of the network. We're talking about $150 billion swing in value due to which architecture of network, one that use case of that era of the Internet. These have very big economic consequences. That's just one category I'm not even talking about. I know you guys like to focus on finance and things that you can go through each category of Internet services. And there's a lot, a lot, a lot of money at stake. And a lot of it depends on how you build architect these networks. I reflected a lot on this is actually why I got into blockchains, because that was 2013 is when I started making my first investments, Coinbase and others. That was right around when RSS was really falling off. I was like, why did this happen? Then I saw blockchains. It started to occur to me. It took me a while to fully understand it, that this could be the best of both worlds, meaning it could have the societal benefit if it's a protocol networks where the money flows to the edges, the control flows to the edges, but could have sort of the competitive advantages that you need to compete against these modern networks, and specifically after reflect. Because look, I mean, the reality is RSS lost and there have been 50 other attempts to create new protocols, at least 50 credible. I go through a list, a bunch of them in the book, many, many, many attempts to create new protocol networks. The reality is only two have really succeeded at scale, the web and email. And both of those were started in the eighties, and I would argue were started before they had serious corporate competition. And so since we've had serious corporate competition, no protocol network has been able to succeed. And I think there's very clear reasons why. And I actually go through this one case study I have in the book is RSS versus YouTube. So there was a thing called Media RSS, and it was meant to be an open system for sharing video like YouTube. But YouTube offered a very, very compelling alternative value proposition, which is they would subsidize the hosting. So in 2005, when YouTube launched, they actually started off as an online dating site. They quickly pivoted their pitch to people. At the time, people were, to the extent they were showing video, they were showing it on their blogs. And their pitch to people like me as a blogger was, hey, video is a pain in the ass, and you got to pay a lot of money to host it. You can just click a couple buttons and we'll pay for the hosting, we'll subsidize it, and you can just embed this code. And by the way, we'll also co host it on YouTube.com dot. We don't get a lot of traffic, but why not? You're like, this is awesome. Then do I want to do that or do I want to do media RSS where it's this thing, I got to configure it, I got to buy a domain, and then I got to pay my own hosting costs. By the way, this happened with Twitter and Facebook. Why did all these social networks raise many, many, many billions of dollars before they went public? A lot of it is subsidization. They subsidize hosting costs. They subsidize all sorts. This is the major strategy of web two subsidized, subsidized, subsidized costs many, many billions of dollars. That's just one example of why I think things like RSS had no chance. They were like this ragtag group of developers with no money to subsidize. So you look at blockchains and you're like, wait, you can design systems with low take rates. You can design systems where the value and control goes to the edges, and you have things like tokens that let you, that let you do things like subsidize, that let you actually compete in a level playing field. To me, and this is the core argument of the book, is that blockchains can be the best of both worlds. They can have the societal benefits of the early Internet and protocol networks, but the competitive advantages and advanced functionality and ability to fund and subsidize and other things the corporate networks do, it's really this beautiful mixture of these two things. I saw that and just said, this is, I mean, to me, this is sort of in my tech career, one of sort of five amazing, beautiful ideas I've seen. And just was like, this is clearly the right answer, by the way.
Speaker B: What are the other four so we can see them?
Speaker A: I just sort of made up the fuck the thing I described for sure. The Internet itself, I would say. Yeah, I would say the Internet itself. Look, I'm very much from this. I grew up on Unix. I mean, not windows. I'm very much from the open software side of the world in many different ways, both philosophically and just technically. That's what I knew. And architecturally, small pieces loosely joined. The Unix philosophy was always the way I thought about the world. I would say open source software for sure. Like Linux Unix. Well, Unix is a standard, but that whole universe, the open protocols of the early Internet blockchains, I think, look, machine learning, I was too early. I started a machine learning company in 2008. I remember I went to this DARPA conference. It was like this academic DARPA conference where they were showing these systems that could play 20 questions and do other things in the mid two thousands. And this idea that a machine could learn, we're now seeing the results with chat GPT. I do think it's an amazing thing. You can use processors that were designed to play shooting games and you can repurpose them to make intelligent machines. That's certainly one of the great ideas. So I don't know, maybe add mobile.
Speaker B: To the list, maybe.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, look, for me, the first time I got my hands on an Apple II or something was the clouds parted and the angels sang and it was a wonderful moment. That's more of a personal story, but yeah, certainly it's certainly. I think it's certainly up there and look, and then going back to our earlier conversation, I think it's really wildly misunderstood. And look, and it's not just, I'm not trying to blame the audience or the readers. I think a lot of it. Why it's misunderstood is the fault of the industry. And I think specifically the set of people in the industry that are just sort, and you see this on crypto, Twitter and just generally that are just endlessly focused on prices and kind of speculation and making money. And I think I actually have come to think the biggest risk to the space, I think of it as we, the people that care about the movement are sandwiched between, on the one hand, I think a regulatory regime that is basically just misguided and on the other hand, a set of people who are just interested in speculating and I think are crowding out and frustrating a lot of the good people. I think the crazy thing about the regulation is I think that the regulation they're doing actually promotes the speculation and hurts the real use cases. I could talk about that. For example, dogecoin is highly legal, but if you do dogecoin and then try to actually give it utility, that's when you trip up securities laws. It's insane. It's this insane kind of approach to it. But anyway, look, just to be clear, I think the onus is on us and the industry to fix this and explain it. I don't think the average person who's busy with their job should have gone and investigated blockchains and everything. I do hope that having everything contained in a nice little 230 page package of a book might make it a little easier to have an on ramp.
Speaker C: As we progress in the whole web one, web two web three conversation, and also the read write own conversation, it very much gives an aesthetic of evolution. We're layering on new abilities onto the Internet and as a result, the Internet expresses itself uniquely based off of the skills, the abilities that we have during the particular phase of the Internet own doesn't imply not having read and write. It's like a new.
Speaker A: Oh yeah, no, it's. No, no, definitely it's additive. Yeah, yeah, it's definitely additive.
Speaker C: But also at the same time, we, the blockchain world is not, we're not trying to take all of the properties and the characteristics of corporate networks into our future Internet like, we are actually intentionally trying to leave some of the properties behind. So while it is like an evolution, a progression of the skill tree of the Internet, we are also not totally taking everything with us. Do you have a mental model for us for as we develop more abilities, as the Internet grows in sophistication, each one of these abilities is layered on the others. But we're also leaving some properties behind. How should we think about understanding this arc?
Speaker A: Yeah, that's a really interesting question. I would say there's some clearly great things about the Facebook's, Google's, et cetera, which is they brought mostly generally free services to 5 billion people. And, you know, they're very high performant, they have great user experiences. As I said, they're mostly free. You know, they just very high quality software design. You know, a lot of those things are important and, you know, should be maintained. I think it's very important. I think one of the things we're kind of missing in web three is feature, feature and functionality parity with web two. I think we need to get to that, you know, we can talk about that at some point if you want. And that means transaction costs and user experience and finality time and just all those kinds of things. So they've done a lot of good stuff there. I think that the. To me, the big problems with the web two model is, one, that these five actors in the middle take all the money and don't share it with the people that actually create the content and do the work. Just to give you another data point, Spotify. There are, I think, by their own stats, 14,000 out of 8 million musicians make a $50,000 a year or more, which is roughly the average american salary. So it's like 99 plus percent don't make enough to live on. And is this a problem because people don't like music? No. Is it a problem people don't like to pay for music? No, it's a problem because you have these giant intermediaries in the middle, Spotify, the labels, everyone else taking all the money. And so I think this architecture of all the money and control. Look, I also think, I don't get much into politics, and I'm nothing highly political myself, but this idea that a bunch of product managers in San Francisco should decide, make decisions about who has access to these critical global infrastructure, to me, it's like, imagine if at and t decided who got to make phone calls. It just sounds like a really bad fucking idea. Shouldn't that be something that's done by the government or by some kind of democratically controlled system? The control. And there's all sorts of other, like, there's a thing going on in TikTok now. I have a friend who's a TikTok creator, and, you know, what TikTok has aside is a few people got too big. They got like 100 million followers. And so they're deliberately dialing down their reach and then dialing up. Right, because any business doesn't want to get too dependent on a few, quote unquote, suppliers. And so they are. They're constantly playing games where they're turning dials. Someone builds a business and they turn the dials and they take away that business, or they make them pay more to kind to promote themselves to get back up a lot of the social networks. I think the next wave we're about to see now is basically you can't link out from social networks. We're already seeing this someone on Twitter and Facebook. They're trying to keep you there completely solid in those networks. So if you link out just a web link, if I tweet something right now and I say, hey, click here to learn more. That tweet will get demoted. And that happens on most social networks now. I think that will accelerate and you'll basically end up with these five silos that don't link out as an example. And so anyways, all to me all these things should be. These are very important decisions about how our online lives are structured and controlled. And they should not be controlled by five companies. They should be controlled by communities the way the first year of the web was. So that part we definitely got to get rid of, I think, but we don't need to. What we shouldn't lose is the wonderful user experiences. Ideally very low cost or free or freemium or whatever the model might be for these things is keep the Internet accessible. More people have Internet access now than access to running water. I think that's a testament to the amazing success of these free services. A lot of it, by the way, is due to open source software. The fact that all software is essentially free. Today you can get an Android phone for dollar ten because all the software is free. It's Linux. We don't want to lose that. It's very important to keep the Internet accessible. But I think all of these, essentially the way the money and the power is allocated is just horribly wrong. And look, it's going to get more and more acute and people are going to figure it out. And by the way, AI is going to accelerate this. I'm a big fan of AI. I'm very excited about it. But it's a centralizing technology. It rewards companies with big stockpiles of data, capital and compute, and it will further entrench this and further accelerate it. I don't see any other counterbalancing force on the horizon but blockchains. I challenge people to come up with something.
Speaker C: That's exactly how I see web three as the next step from web two. And maybe it's. I'll throw this to you. Maybe web two was also a reaction to web one in the same way that web three is a reaction to web two, whereas web one was clunky and for nerds and for people who could deal with the UX limitations that the Internet had. And then we made web two in order to deal with those problems, giving us a new set of problems. Web three, you kind of. Maybe the problems of Web three are trying to solve the economic problems of web two, or the value capture problems of web two. Is it fair to say that each web phase of the web is a reaction to the previous one.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's a great way to look at it. With web two, the move fast and break things, it was very hard to move fast with protocols. Protocols you require consensus, you have committees. You couldn't do subsidization. Just the example I gave with video. So, like, 2005 was an important year because that was the year that broadband penetration in the US started to surpass narrowband penetration. And so people could use video. And the protocol versions of the open Internet versions of it were clunky and they were expensive. And so it seemed like a great, like I was for it at the time. I was like, well, of course, why don't we have a company do it and they can subsidize it and they'll get paid later because there'll be a big network and they'll be able to run ads or something. And it seemed like the right trade. We just hadn't seen how the movie fully played out. We didn't see how as they got bigger, they would consolidate more, they would extract more, they would close down more. I go through this. In the book. There's a section I call the attract extract cycle, which I think every network, I argue, I think pretty strongly, and evidence suggests it's true, that all networks go through this lifecycle where they start off attracting users and what I call complements, which are creators and developers and others. And then over time, once they get to a certain kind of level of market share, their incentives switch and they start to sort of squeeze more and more out of those participants. And so I think in the mid two thousands, it seemed like a good idea to make these, to have companies step in, they could move much faster, they could subsidize, they could rapidly iterate on the products. But then I think once we saw the issues in the early two thousand and ten s, I think people should have, people in the tech community should have reacted to that and sort of said, hey, this isn't the right thing. My view is a lot of people in the tech community just were benefiting from it. As Mark Andreessen likes to say, we used to be the pirates, now we're the Navy. Like, they became the Navy. And they, you know, they, it was a good system for them and, you know, but to me it was like, is that worth the trade? We lost all of the kind of original ideals of the Internet. It wasn't worth it to me.
Speaker B: Okay, so I think we've, we've established, like, where we are presently, right? So, you know, we talked about kind of the nineties Internet, which was the Reid era. And the great thing that did for us is it democratized information. And then we moved into the 2000. We had kind of a fork in the road. We could continue doing our publishing verb on protocol networks, but instead, the corporate networks took charge, and so we democratized publishing. But at what cost? In the read white era, the cost was monopoly. The cost was rent extraction. And so now you're painting a picture of own, which is the last verb in read, write own. Right, which is maybe the 2020s. Internet, this blockchain Internet and these blockchain networks. And your model for blockchains and networks and tokens, all of these things is different, I think, than some other people's. Right? Some people talk about kind of a general ledger and all of these things. I think you would agree to that. But your main model, it seems to me, Chris, is this is a new type of computer. And I'm wondering if you tell us about that, why the computer lens on it.
Speaker A: Well, so to me, the difference between, like, a ledger. So, okay, so, you know, what is a computer? A computer is, you know, going back to Alan Turing's famous paper that kind of defined it. It's something that can both store information but also act on that information. So the analogy I like to use is both nouns and verbs. So the nouns are you store. The nouns are the things in the world, the things you store. Your bitcoin balance, your ethereum balance your state. And the verbs are the code that let you operate on that. That's what a computer. So you look at your iPhone, you have the two main things, the processor, which is the thing that processes the verbs, and then the hard drive, which is the storage. To me, I just think ledger undersells it. I'm not saying blockchains aren't a ledger, but to me, at least, it suggests the hard drive, not the hard drive plus the processor. I think a stronger formulation is to say, no, it's both just in the same way. And that's important because there's a very important feedback loop that computers have, because computers, I call it the platform app feedback loop, the platform application feedback loop. And I believe that this feedback loop is. People talk about things like Moore's law, which is that you can pack more semiconductors on chips. But really, there's a broader economic phenomenon at work in the history of computing, which has made computing evolve so quickly. So if you take a look at your iPhone as an example, my iPhone today that I have is much better than the iPhone. I had in 2007. But also the apps have gotten much better and those two things have mutually reinforced each other. So the first iPhone came out and then somebody created a fun game that got popular and that sold more iPhones and that gave apple more money to make the phone better and the camera got better. And then someone created Instagram, and then Instagram took advantage of the camera. And so you had this back and forth kind of flywheel, right? And that's what happens with, you don't have that to my knowledge. You don't have that with ledgers. You have that with computers. Computers, because computers are. Anyone can come along, anyone. Any of the 8 billion people on earth who were, let's say the 100 million subset who like to program computers can come along and write an application for the ethereum blockchain. And one of those applications might become popular. And if it becomes popular, that puts more money back into the Ethereum world. That makes the indirectly lets Ethereum get better. That in turn gives people the ability to write more apps. You get these flywheel feedback loops with computers that I dont think you get with ledgers. I just think ledgers undersells it. Im not saying its not a ledger. Sure, you can store balances like a ledger on an Ethereum blockchain, or a bitcoin blockchain, or almost any blockchain. But the fact that you can write arbitrary code and write arbitrary apps to me makes a much more accurate term as a computer. Now, by the way, people think computer, they think of a physical computer. We've had virtual computers for decades. So VMware is this huge company that built, that was built on virtual computers. A computer is defined both historically and whether it's Alan Turing or just the usage of the word before that, through its functional properties, not its physical properties. Of course, Ethereum is not a computer in the sense that you go pick it up and it's a physical device, but it's a computer in function. It's a set of computers networked together that come together in every block, do a state transition and change the state according to computer code, which is exactly what a computer does. So the interface that the end user or the developer interacts with with is a computing interface, even if it's sort of at a layer of abstraction above the actual physical.
Speaker B: The other thing I find with this analogy where maybe tech people get thrown off is that they look at this and they're like, that's your computer, you know, 15 transactions per second. What are you even talking about?
Speaker A: Look, if you're Google. If you're an employee at Google, you see the world through the lens of, let's optimize performance. How can we pack more, you know, some more performance into the cpu or the gpu or the storage or the networking? Right. Blockchains are designed to, in many ways, to limit the power of those companies. And specifically, one of the things you can do with a blockchain, I mean, what I describe a blockchain is a computer that can make commitments. So you can say, I can write code in the blockchain that says, I Internet service am never going to go take your data and do bad stuff with it. People at Google like the fact that they have a 35 page privacy policy, which nobody reads, which they can change. It will, and do whatever the hell they want with your data. That's the state of the Internet today. The state of the Internet today, like the assurances that you have from Internet companies, it's the most absurd system in the world, is you get these pop ups that have literally 50 page legal agreements, which I bet you nobody in the world has actually read, nor could read, nor could understand, that you click, I agree to, and then you hand over all of the power for these companies to do whatever they want. So somebody who's sitting in that position, like someone at Google or meta, and they say, this is how we interact with users, this is how we make promises to users. These 50 page legal agreements that we unilaterally control and no one understands, why would they want a computer that undermines that power? Look, it's a trade off. Yes. Blockchains have worse performing. You pay for the consensus. These properties that we like, this group here speaking likes about blockchains, that they can make strong commitments, that they can guarantee digital ownership, that you can create tokens and other kinds of things like that does come at a cost, and that cost is performance generally. But if you believe that there's value in having Internet services that can make strong commitments to users and can't just sort of arbitrarily control how all the money flows, the data flows and everything else, that may be a trade off worth making, right?
Speaker B: So these computers that can make commitments, they're different than other computers. Like they aren't great at a lot of things. Maybe they're not as good as kind of at the read and write verb, but they're really damn good at the own verb because ownership is basically a commitment. And that's their. Their superpower is this last ownership piece. I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about tokens here, Chris. So you start this chapter on tokens, which are basically an expression of ownership on a blockchain computer. And you talk about this difference between single player and multiplayer technologies, right? The idea that tokens are maybe a social technology in the way that money is a social technology. Say more about that.
Speaker A: Yeah. So single player technologies are technologies where. A simple way to think of it, if you were stuck on a desert island, would you want to have a flashlight? Would be pretty useful, probably, or a lighter or something like this. Those are single player technologies. Would you want to have money on a desert island? That would seem kind of silly, because if you're the. The only person there, like, how are you going to spend it? It's a social technology. It has value to the extent of the role it plays in social interactions. And so tokens are very much social technologies. If I'm the only one, if I make a blockchain and I'm the only user of it, and I'm the only one who has tokens and there's no other users, it's just utterly pointless. Which, by the way, is why these private blockchains, these corporate blockchains, never really made sense because it was essentially taking a multiplayer technology and making it single player mode. Tokens are very much multiplayer technology. And specifically, the way I think of tokens is they are a way to simplify and encapsulate a complex idea in a very simple package. Encapsulation is a very important concept in software and the Internet. To me, the canonical example would be a website. So you think about the early vision of the Internet, and if you're Tim Berners Lee, you're saying, okay, I want to have everyone in the world be able to both put up. I want to have this giant ocean of information, and anyone can contribute to that ocean. Like, how the hell do you keep that organized? How is that not just total chaotic mess, but we'll have this simple thing called a website. And the website, you can go, anyone can go and put up that website. And then we'll have this method by which you can connect the websites together through links. We take that for granted today. But that was a very profound insight, profound, simplifying insight that made this very, very ambitious kind of overwhelmingly what could have been an overwhelmingly complex idea into something understandable and tractable. And so, in the same way, what we're proposing today is imagine an Internet where people can own objects in the way they do in the physical world. So I own this laptop I'm using. I own my house, I may own a piece of clothing. I own whatever you might own. And today on the Internet, you may own your domain name. You basically don't own anything else. Everything else is owned by maybe your email address. Everything else is owned by these big corporate services. They can take away. You have I'm CDIX and Twitter. They can take that away from me at any time for any reason. They can take away my audience. They can virtual goods in the games I have. They can take it away or the game goes away or whatever it might be. To me, what tokens are is a way similar to the website, a way of encapsulating ownership. A token is the atomic unit of ownership in this blockchain world. Therefore, it's a very general concept. And you can have tokens that are the kind of broad breakdown, of course, is fungible and non fungible. Fungible, they're interchangeable for one another, like money or something, and non fungible they aren't. And I think the big mistake that a lot of critics are making today is they're focusing. They'll say nfts are stupid or something. And what they really mean is the thing I saw in 2021 I didn't like, which is a very different statement than a way to encapsulate ownership on the Internet, is a bad idea. The thing about software, I liken software much more to something like writing a book. It's an extremely expressive medium. I think the phrase software engineering throws people off. They think of it like bridge building. Software is as expressive as C, or Python is as expressive as the english language. And this is something that philosophers, mathematicians have talked about. Basically, they're turing complete languages, or really anything you can imagine and think about, you can design in software. When people invent these new primitives, like a website or a token, a very dangerous trap to fall in is to confuse early embodiments of that with the actual possibilities of the technology, because software is so expressive. It's sort of like saying a new genre of books comes along. The first science fiction book comes out, and you didn't like it, and you're like, science fiction is stupid, and you're really just like shorting humanity.
Speaker B: Even more broadly, you might be saying, like, all books are stupid because you read one.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, exactly. Exactly. I mean, like, the way I think of it is like, I mean, this is like, I think a core thing about the business I do, and like, venture capital is like, we're long humanity, right? If, like, if you. If you have these open computing platforms and that 5 billion people can. You know, like, when people say something like, they'll never be a popular blockchain app, to me, that's like saying they'll never be a great novel about a whale. Like, it's just a bad. You're just betting against humanity. Like, there's a lot of really, really, really smart, creative people, and it's a really, really, really malleable plastic medium, right? It's an art form and someone is going to in this art form when you introduce these new genres and primitive in some ways, you can look at blockchains as like a new genre. It's like someone just invented mystery novels or science fiction or whatever. I'm using obviously analogies, but like, of course there's going to be a lot of, it's going to cattle, it's going to excite really creative people and they're going to come up with some great stuff. I've seen this throughout my career where people are like, they're like, oh, this category will never work. And it's like you're basically saying, no, some genius won't come along in this incredibly powerful medium and put the pieces together in an interesting way. Like you're saying this entire idea maze, which you haven't explored because nobody's explored it because it's this really vast and interesting maze, has no treasure in it. Like, I'll take the other side of that bet every time. And so that's the same with tokens. Like, tokens is just this massive unlock of this new idea maze. We don't really know exactly where it's going to go, but certainly don't confuse. Granted, there was some dumb stuff done. I mean, look, there's dumb stuff done with tokens. And by the way, I've been on the Internet my whole career. There's been dumb shit on the Internet my whole career. I mean, I mean, it's dumb stuff on the Internet. Like this idea that there's dumb crypto stuff, therefore crypto is stupid. Welcome to the Internet, my friend. I don't even know where to begin to tell you all the dumb stuff I've seen being on boards and other things involved with Internet companies. Look, it's just the nature of putting 5 billion people together in chaos and everything else, but you got to look through the accidental trappings of how things arrive. I remember early social media, like, I've been on Twitter, all these things since the very beginning. And I remember, you know, all these mocking news articles and things about these nerds in Silicon Valley talking about what they had for lunch. Why do I want to know? You had a burrito for lunch. And, like, a lot of it was that kind of silly stuff or whatever, and just, we were fucking around and fighting over text, whatever. I don't know what was going on, but it was. But it was. But it was mostly silly. But you had to look beyond that. Like, what it really was was. This is a new global protocol for micro messaging. Right? It just so happened that the early people were doing x, y and z with it. It happened that the early NFTs did x, y and Z with them, and some were interesting and some were not interesting and some were stupid and et cetera. But you got to look through that and say, what is it? Fundamentally and fundamentally what it is. The token is the atomic unit of ownership. To me, in the same way that the website was for web one, the post, the social post was sort of this encapsulating way to. To make publishing something that was able to be groked by mainstream people and tokens nicely package ownership. Now we're in this phase where developers and creative people are exploring that idea. Maze, to me, this is the really exciting time we're going to have a number of years where we're seeing all the different unlocks and creative ideas that people come up with when you have this really powerful new primitive.
Speaker C: Yeah, Chris, I remember being in 2021 when me and Ryan started bankless, and we were just so focused on Defi finance, we're going to reconstruct the financial system, which, of course, is still on the table. But really what happened in 2021 was nfts came and took over, and it was actually more artistic and creative and cultural expressions that really took Ethereum and crypto at large mainstream. And I think if you came into crypto at that time, or really anytime in crypto, you'll come in and you'll notice that there are pocket of tribes everywhere, and tribes come in so many different flavors and different communities with, you know, that. That look different because they have different profile pictures on. And something I learned is like, oh, like, if crypto is going to go mainstream, it's going to go mainstream because of some sort of social technology that it unlocks. And I think if you go back to every single phase of the web, both in web two and web one, that was also true. Like, the web one forum was an extremely popular place to be for niche interests. And what did Twitter and Facebook and messaging do? The whole read and write side of the Internet was like, oh, more people can come and be social on the Internet. And you can't really understand crypto without understanding the role that communities have when they play in this world, especially with tokens. Tokens is like a binder for communities to come together. How would you say this social arc of the Internet is being expressed with this very expressive technology that we have now in web three?
Speaker A: Yeah. Just so I know your audience might be a little more finance focused. I'm very excited about the financial aspects here of blockchains, and we have a number of investments around this, including a bunch of the big defi protocols. I think with financial applications specifically, you have specific regulatory challenges that make trickier. But like, I'm very excited. I have a section on the book on finance and payments. But yes, I think that to your point, David, that, you know, that probably tens of millions of people are get excited by finance, whereas hundreds of millions or billions of people get excited by games, social networking, media, culture. It's just a broader, it just has broader appeal. I have a lot of just personal friends who aren't in the business who just, they're into nfts and other kinds of things like that in the way that they aren't into financing. I think we all probably find that if we go and hang out in broader circles. And so I do think that, look, a lot of our investment, we try to be somewhat agnostic in our investing and our application investing and invest across these categories. But we have done a lot in media, social networking to things like Farcaster. And one idea I'm really excited about, I have a section of the book on, is collaborative storytelling. So we have a few investments there. So that's the idea that a bunch of. So you think about these communities that get really excited about Star wars and Harry Potter, and you read the forums and they're diagnosing how the story should have gone. And I just saw one that was on YouTube. It was like a remix of one of the recent Star wars tv shows that a user did. And it was just clearly better than the, the actual show. And so, like, imagine if you could, you know, so just that power of fans and the excitement level. Imagine if you had a token community where those users, users could come together and create narrative worlds. They could create a new Harry Potter, a new marvel, and they could get rewarded for their contribution to those, to that corpus through tokens, and then have an incentive to go, you know, sort of spread the word and evangelize that. Why do we have only sequels today and kind of old ip rehashed in Hollywood? It's because it costs too much money to market a new narrative universe. What if you could take the power of. Think about how much marketing power you have embedded in things like Dogecoin. I think Dogecoin is kind of silly and there's not really a point to it, but it's a really powerful community. Now, what if you took that powerful community and combined it with like a really cool new narrative universe as an example, and that actually, you know, had some kind of value beyond just the token? That's. That's just one example. I think there's a lot of interesting stuff happening with games. I'm personally involved with one proof of play, Pirate nation. It's really interesting. It's a fully on chain game. It's, you know, it's a bunch of exynga folks, and it's. It's sort of taking some of the ideas that were pioneered by the lattice dark forest kind of crew. And I think if that style of on chain gaming had a baby with zynga games or something, kind of combined the two sort of a little more mainstream, but a lot of the cool ideas. And so you get the composability and it's really cool idea because you could have all the back, literally all the backend runs on chain. And then that means that other people can fork the clients and kind of build on it, you know, kind of build around it and extend it, and it's sort of this infinitely extensible system. So I do think, look, I tend to think that. I kind of guess maybe it's an easy way out, but I kind of think all of the above, like, all these things are interesting and important. I think finance is clearly important. I think media is clearly important. Games are clearly important. Like, games, like, to me, games are not the end all. Like, I wouldn't be doing this if I thought the only outcome were blockchain games. But there can be very important, historically, games very important. On ramp into new ecosystems, games were an important driver of early PCs and important driver of early mobile phones. I think these things all work together. The game might get you to 100 million wallets, and then maybe some of those people will start to use payments once they have those wallets, right? Like, I wish there were less tribalism. Like, we're working on the same team. There's enough people that. That are actually out to get us. Like, just like, by the way, I hope you saw that in the book. I tried to be really kind of broad and ecumenical. I'm for those, if those, if any bitcoiners. Are listening. I am pro bitcoin, even though they seem to think we hate them and they attack me like, there are people out to get you. I'm not one of them. I'm on your team. I'm pro tech, I'm pro all the different tribes. I pro decentralization.
Speaker B: I mean, hopefully that innovation, the crypto metaclass meta tribe is like, pro decentralization.
Speaker A: And like, yeah, pro decentralization, pro new, you know, kind of rebuilding the Internet, creating better systems, returning power to the edges of the network, is another way to kind of say decentralization. Right? And there's different ways to get there, and there's different blockchains and there's different this and that. But I think we all have mostly overlapping values.
Speaker B: So let's talk about this. So I feel like we kind of established what blockchains are, what tokens are, and of course, out falls these things called blockchain networks. And recall, we had these three eras of the Internet, and now this is kind of the own era. And we saw protocol networks, we saw corporate networks, and now we're in kind of the blockchain network phase. I'm wondering if we could, like, high level. One thing that we established earlier, the problem of these corporate networks is this rent extraction. Okay? And it was the Bezos quote, your take rate is my opportunity. How does crypto solve the rent extraction problem? I mean, you were talking about these corporate take rates of Facebook takes 100%, YouTube, they take 45%. IOS, they take like, Apple store takes 30%, and they're in charge like they own the monopoly. There's only like, five of these companies doing all of this. Contrast that to blockchain networks. How can we kind of, like, squeeze the balloon a bit more towards users?
Speaker A: Yeah. And so, you know, I have a chapter on take rates. So I specifically go deep into this, including kind of an analysis of the take rates of all the existing web, two networks, and then go into the web three side, and then talk about exactly your question, like, why? What about the architecture of blockchain networks constrains the take rates. And there's a couple of answers. Like, one is that with blockchains, you have to commit to the take rates upfront. So you create a network, and the network says, the take rate, I'll take x percent. And there's nuances here. It depends on how the network is governed. But in any decently designed blockchain network, it will be either community governed or fixed to the take rate. And community governed mean you need a majority of the community to change it. So number one is you set it up front and you have to stick with it, so you can't bait and switch and change it. And that means also people can shop around. So if there's three different payment networks that are built on blockchains and one charges 3% and one charges 1%, the 1% one will win. So you have actual price competition. That's an important thing. Number two, you have the ability to exit for users. So if somebody gets too extractive, if you think about lens and Farcaster and this new wave of blockchain based social networks, your name, as I was discussing it earlier, which is your critical thing, and your following list, you own it and you can exit. If a specific client or if one of the pieces of software are using decides to jack up the take rates, you can leave the ability to exit having a low switching. I mean, the high take rates of these corporate networks, it's all predicated on the fact that you're stuck. You're trapped once you build. Look, I've built my audience on Twitter for well over a decade. I may or may not like some of the stuff they're doing, but I don't really have a choice. I'm not going to build that audience again somewhere else. Going to take too long. Right. And so you're stuck there. And so the ability for the user to switch and to take their audience with them is a very, very powerful force that forces these businesses to compete on prices and the price. In the case of a network, when you compete on prices, you're competing on take rates. I go through and through a few other things. I kind of go through a list of them of sort of these things that constrain the take rates in blockchain networks. And also just empirical. I have a couple charts that show empirically this is also the case.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, some of those numbers from the charts, like Opensea take rate is like two and a half percent, right? That's where you buy nfts. Uniswap is like 0.3%. I mean, it depends on the pool, but around 0.3%.
Speaker A: And you can have things like blur come along that compete with Opensea. And they're able to, because users can exit because all of the key, the key, you know, the usernames, the nfts, they hold, those are all held on a blockchain, and they can switch another.
Speaker B: Unlock of the own phase. And the blockchain network phase, I think, is token incentives. We talked about tokens and the benefits of ownership but how about incentives themselves? The skeptics see token price go up and they see speculation, they see casino. But I think you see some solutions around the cold start problem. You see some solutions around a model for open source development. And making users owners is like a good thing from your lens. Can you talk about that?
Speaker A: Yeah. And so as I mentioned before, like with the example of YouTube corporate networks, I mean, web services have been subsidizing for years. Like this may be lost in people because they don't see the kind of how these companies work from the inside. Like, I've had the chance to see that in my job. I mean, why do, again, Facebook, Twitter, TikTok, they all raise billions, if not tens of billions of dollars of money. Where does that money go? Some of it goes to salespeople and this and that, but a lot of it goes to subsidization of hosting and everything else. And so subsidization is not new to web. People accuse, oh, you shouldn't spend money to acquire users, guys, webtude has been doing it for 15 years. They just do it in this way of like, you don't actually offer the money, you offer them free hosting and, you know, because they don't want to actually share the real thing with them, which is the actual ownership. But, and so, yeah, and so I think one, there's a bunch of really interesting things that you can do, one can do with tokens as a way to sort of subsidize. I think one really interesting, one example that I walk through in the book is this idea of using it to overcome the so called cold starred problem of networks. So the cold start problem is essentially networks, once they're at scale, you have kind of the network effects working on your behalf. So think about a dating website or something. Once you have a lot of people who want to date on your website, it becomes almost an autopilot because that's just going to naturally attract more people. But when you first start off that dating site and there's two people on it, no one's going to come there. And that's the cold start problem, or the bootstrap problem people call it. How do you get enough people on your dating site that it starts to be attractive to other people to come to your dating site? This cold start problem is not new. My partner, Andrew Chen wrote a really good book on it. It goes through it. It's an old problem of creating networks. And a lot of networks that I think have been really valuable in the world have not gotten to scale because they've kind of gotten trapped in that cold start phase. So I think of it as electric charging. Community owned electric charging systems around the world would be useful for the world. But how do you get there? Maybe Tesla will do it and Elon Musk is an n of one, and maybe we'll pull it off. But how do you do it? Another interesting example that I talk about in the book is community owned, kind of grassroots telecom companies. So this is an idea. I've been thinking about this idea for 20 something years. I remember being visiting MIT once and there was this thing called roof net, which was. Wait, am I. Was it roof net? Yeah, it was roof net, which was a bunch of students putting networking equipment on their roofs and building these mesh networks where they could get on the Internet. We would hop to one to another to another to get on the Internet and they wouldn't have to go through Verizon or something. And it was this cool idea. And what if that spread virally? In fact, the people that were working on that eventually created this company, Samcera, sorry, Meraki, which got by Cisco and then Samcera. Anyways, so it was a cool idea. There was a similar attempt in New York City called, I think it was called Mesh NYC. There was a european company called Phone that tried to do it with Wifi Hub. There's been a bunch of attempts like how can you create kind of a community owned, let's call it Verizon competitor, which would have all these cool benefits, including the fact that you wouldn't have to pay all this money to these big corporate gatekeepers. And so then you have this blockchain network called helium that came along, which has basically done that using token incentives. And I would describe it as they're not there yet in terms of having succeeded as a global network. But I would say they've gotten half of the way there. So they've really used the token to successfully build the supply side of the network. The networking hubs they now have, they're in the process now of trying to build up the demand side. But even getting halfway there in one of what I consider the most ambitious ideas kind of in the history of the Internet is an impressive achievement. And I think we're going to see more and more people think about ways to take old networks. I think you could almost go through old Internet magazines and look at all of the cool ideas people had that didn't end up working. And I bet you a lot of them with the right incentive systems might work.
Speaker B: Now, one thing where I see traditional investors still get caught up, though, is on the value accrual of these tokens. Warren Buffett called crypto rat poison. Michael Burry called it magic beanstalk. From my perspective, I think tokens can be valued using totally traditional finance.
Speaker A: I have a section on this, and it's very, like, I think it's the only way to explain it is they simply just haven't done research, because ethereum is a productive asset, which has a PE ratio, as you know. And so it's just they. But, like, they literally don't exactly.
Speaker B: Did they say this?
Speaker A: Like a lot of people, they heard about bitcoin, like, six years ago. They read about it, and they literally stopped doing research. I mean, I have to say, because they're just so clearly wrong. And the mainstream media does this, too. They just are so clearly wrong, and they just keep saying it over and over. Yeah. Look, are there stupid tokens in the world? Yes. Does bitcoin have cash flow? No, but again, it's software. It's a creative plastic medium. It's because you didn't like one mystery novel doesn't mean all mystery novels are bad, okay? Like, you have to actually go do work and look at what these things are. And many of these tokens are productive assets, Ethereum being the most obvious example. It literally generates cash flow. People pay to use a network, and that cash flow indirectly goes to the token holders through the various mechanisms. And you can value it by traditional financial methods. You can say, I think it's stupid. I don't like Ethereum. Okay, that's your feeling. But, like, it's. It's, you know, the same way you can say, I don't like a company, or, I don't like your. Your house. I don't like your house. Fine. But I. My house charges rent, and I, you know, it's a capital asset, man.
Speaker B: I'm sorry you have feelings about it.
Speaker A: It's just, it's just, look, it's just so wrong that that criticism is just so wrong that I just have to assume they literally haven't done the work. And unfortunately, we live in a. You know, the sentiment against crypto is so negative today that you can get away with saying statements like that that are just clearly, just frankly lazy and false. And so, anyways, I try to disabuse that myth in the book.
Speaker B: I think people on that should just kind of do their own research about the different models for valuing various assets. One piece of controversy that seems to have stuck a little bit that you also address here is some people have heard your lens on crypto, and they're like, yeah, Dixon, crypto is a computer. Cool. That's not what we see. What we see is a casino. You know, the speculation thing. They can't get their head wrapped around that. They can't get their mind wrapped around that being good for the world. What's your. And I would say in the industry, there's this polarity. I think you mentioned this earlier in the episode, there's a notable VC firm who talked about Crypto as like the casino on Mars. And that raised some eyebrows. Yeah. What do you think about this? Are we a computer? Are we actually just trying to make a casino here in crypto?
Speaker A: Yeah. So look, the way I would like, I would give it the analogy to real estate, which is there are real estate speculators. Obviously, there's people that trade real estate. There's real estate, you know, I don't know what financial products where you can speculate on real estate. But the reason we value ownership in real estate is not. The speculation is a side effect. Right. The reason we want people to like, for example, we value things like home ownership is home ownership is important to people from, you know, from a personal wealth point of view. It's important from a psychological point of view, it gives you satisfaction to raise your family in a home you own. It's important from an incentive point of view. You know, lots of studies show that people that own homes are more likely to improve their home, improve their community. There's a bunch of reasons why home ownership is valuable as a byproduct of that. There is speculation around real estate, and the speculation does play a role, like it provides liquidity. It makes it easier, if you want to sell your house, to know what the price is and get this estimate and all these things. It's because there's active markets, right? So it plays a role, but it shouldn't be the main thing. It should be a side thing in my mind. And so I'm not anti people, you know, predicting bitcoin. If they want to invest in bitcoin, it's going up or down or whatever they want to do. In the same way with the stock market. I'm not, I don't lose. I'm sure, obviously there's whole industries of people betting on stocks going up and down. But that's not the point of stocks. The point of stocks is to get money to companies to go build products. I just think it's putting the cart before the horse to think that the casino is the main thing to me, speculation is a side effect. And by the way, I think you need guard, and historically we have, and I believe with crypto, you need guardrails around that speculation. You don't want that. There's a lot of ways that can go wrong, and we've learned that through hundreds of years of history, and there should be guardrails around it. But the problem right now, from a policy point of view, is they're throwing the baby out with the bathwater, and they're saying that because there was speculation, let's ban digital ownership, which is what is effectively going on. That's just a really, and especially, as I said, in a time when we now are very close to having five companies control the Internet, and digital ownership is really one of the only credible counterweights to that. That's just a really bad idea. So we really need to separate the two. And look, what I'm hoping in the book is to look, obviously, we've seen the bad side of crypto. Everyone's seen it very visibly with things like FTX. I'm trying to give, lay out the positive vision. I'm sure there are other positive visions. This is my positive vision. This is a full, complete, comprehensive positive vision of the future of the Internet that involves sort of blockchains at the core. And now it's out there and people can critique it. And I'm looking forward to good faith. I'm sure there'll be a lot of bad faith critiques. I'm looking forward to good faith critiques and plan to respond to them and hope to learn from them. But that's kind of the point to me. And so I'm not, by the way, I don't know these other vc's who talk about the casino as a bootstrap thing. I think they probably, I haven't spoken to them about it. I think they probably kind of agree with me that in the end, they are looking for the utility. So I don't know, I think it might just be more of a difference in phrasing. Yeah. And just maybe phrasing and other things. I think we probably all, a lot of us agree more than it might at first appear.
Speaker B: Chris, this has been awesome. We've talked about the read era of the web, the write era. Now we're in this ownership era of the web, and it seems like it's a chance to reinvent the Internet. And that's kind of what you're arguing. You say this in one of your concluding chapters. There are only two network architectures that preserve the democratic and egalitarian spirit of the early Internet protocol networks and blockchain networks. I think that was really well said, and maybe we're coming full circle. The pendulum is swinging the other way towards more democratic and egalitarian Internet architectures. And I think that is pretty bullish. And I want to ask you, as we close out, a kind of a two part question, right. So just from a what's next perspective. Right. So we talked a lot about a lot of the crypto infrastructure is being built now. We have kind of cryptos, it's broadband moment, so we can do cheap transactions per second. That's all great. We still haven't had our iPhone moment. I would say we have a store of value. We have stable coins. Is the iPhone moment coming? And like, in general, what keeps you here? What has kept you optimistic about this space?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, look, I think these tech movements can just take a lot longer than people think. So, like, as I mentioned earlier, I started an AI company in 2008. I thought it was sort of the time, and I was early. The first neural network paper was 1943. Alan Turing wrote a paper in 1950 where I think he predicted AGI or something in a few decades. If you speak to longtime AI people or read history books, there's all these talk of different AI summers and winters. There was a big investment bull run in the eighties, then boom, was it 2023 chat GPT. I think that was the iPhone moment. And if you look at that, I mean, look, there were, this is no way to diminish all of the amazing research work, the transformers paper, the stuff that OpenAI did. But a lot of it, I think, is driven by, fundamentally by GPU's, by Moore's law. You can go back in the history. Smartphones like Steve Jobs is the greatest, I think, genius since Thomas Edison, by no means taking away from him. But if you track to the growth of processors and capacitive touchscreens and modems and things like, you would have seen that somewhere between 2007 and 2010 that smartphones would go mainstream. The underlying tech gives you at least error bars as to where something will probably happen. I remember reading a deep learning book a few years ago, and they had a chart and it was like, how many neurons? How many neurons in different, like, it's the Ian Goodfellow deep learning book. It has a chart, how many neurons in different types of animals, right? And you could literally track out each year how fast GPU's get and how many neurons you could have in your neural network. And it was like roughly around 20, 23, 24, whatever. It's like, you know, you started getting the GPU's that could get, you know, close to humans and whatever, some kind of, you know, smarteendez much smarter animals. So this is not to take away from any of the individual contributions, but there is this sort of. I think there's just infrastructure. I'm somewhat of an infrastructure determinist. Maxi it really does matter how performant and how in the case of blockchains, how expensive and usable and performant these things are. And I think we're pretty close. I wouldn't say we're there yet. Like it's still can be clunky. There's, you know, we need a lot of these 4844 and these upgrades and da layer kind of like cheaper storage, you know, bridges the wallet experience. So I don't know if we're quite there infrastructure wise, but I think we're a year or two away or close to it. Like it's pretty close. It's getting a lot closer. I hesitate because I think it's easier in tech to predict what happens and harder to predict exactly when it happens. Like, at least I found that to be the case. And so that's one part of it. And then the other part is like people building on top of that, the application layer and there I feel good. I mean we have a lot of very good entrepreneurs in our portfolio, outside of our portfolio also who are building a lot of really compelling apps. I think we're going to have 50 to 100 credible shots on goal of like compelling applications that are built, which is kind of what I think you typically see. It's the rough number you see in these kinds of new venture movements, have a few breakouts. I remember early mobile, I was involved then. I was investing in things. And you had Instagram and Foursquare and angry Birds and there were 97 others that I can't remember the names of. But you need that kind of scale of experiments to get run to have fully run through the idea maze. But it's very hard to predict the specifics. But I agree, we have not had our chat CPT moment. I think we've had a lot of interesting stuff happen. I'm very bullish, but I think we haven't quite had that breakout moment. And I think when we do, it'll be a great thing because it will immediately help explain all this stuff to people. It'll help on the policy side, by the way, all these people debating, what should we call it? NfTs web three. None of that's going to matter. I remember having these debates about AI, and it was like, we used to call it machine learning. And once you have a chat, you can call it whatever.
Speaker B: Well, people now just call it chat. GPT.
Speaker A: When the stuff works, it doesn't matter. In tech, products are the marketing, not names, not like the products market themselves. I believe in tech. And so that is the North Star. We literally have it as a KPI inside of our fund, north Star of getting the infrastructure and everything else so that we have that kind of breakout iPhone chat chapter moment. And like, how do, what can we do? Like, we have a research team. And the goal, the north star of the research team, is like driving the, you know, the making whatever contribution they can to getting the space closer to that moment. Right.
Speaker B: Well said, Chris. And I know as we're in the infrastructure phase, it's harder to explain to the world what it is we are doing over here in crypto. But this book does a fantastic job of that, and I hope it propagates far and wide. The book bank listeners called read, write, own will include a link to it in the show notes. And Chris, thank you so much for coming on. We should have you back talk about the current state of crypto.
Speaker A: Happy to come back and just, you know, riff on what's going on. Thank you guys so much for having me.
Speaker B: Awesome. Bankless nation, a few other action items for you. We've got some previous Chris Dixon episodes from the archive that you gotta check out. Mental models for web three, one of my all time favorites. We also had had Dixon and his partner Mark Andreessen on a time or two. Gotta end with this. Risks and disclaimers, of course, crypto is risky. So is this ownership era of the Internet. You could lose what you put in. But we are headed west. This is on the frontier. It's not for everyone. But we're glad you're with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
