Speaker A: You mentioned the high valuations of, like, these layer twos right now. Like, you actually do a DCF on them right now. And, yeah, they're losing money on paper, right? Massively at bleeding money on paper, and they shouldn't be worth what they're worth. But I think bull market things, obviously, but also that kind of, like, shelling point premium, too. I'll just buy that because it's a lazy thing and most people want to be lazy about it. Like, I'll just buy that. Don't have to think too hard about it. And that's why things like meme coins are popular, too. Oh, you know, I like a meme coin because it's just easy to buy. Oh, there's a dog with a hat on it. I'll buy that. Cool. You know, so there's a lot of that going on, and that's why we see these absurd valuations. But I think, again, again, long term, that kind of reality sets in.
Speaker B: Welcome to bankless, where we explore the frontier of Internet money and Internet finance. And today we explore the frontier of layer twos. This is Ryan. Sean Adams. I'm here with David Hoffman, and we're here to help you become more bankless. Guys, we did a panel about two months ago on 2024 ether, the asset. We brought the same panelists on that episode. Now we're running it back. This time, we've got layer twos under the microscope. So we have Mike Epolido, we've got Jordi Alexander, and we've got Anthony Cisano in what I think is an expert panel on where layer twos are going and how these tokens might accrue some value. So, a few things we covered today. Number one, what's the bull case for layer twos? How would these panelists articulate it? Number two, what about the tokens? Are layer twos just worthless governance tokens, or is there something there? Number three, we talk about which layer twos are going to be bullish this cycle and why. Number four, we talk about the layer two experiments, the new things you haven't yet seen that are under development, the best experiments that are going on today. And number five, we end with this question. What are the best ways to get exposure to layer twos? You just buy eth, or is there some mix of tokens that make sense?
Speaker C: I think there's just such a large number of ways to think about layer twos. And those number of ways can also change depending on when or where in the market cycle. We are in a bull market, and a bull cycle. The ways to think about layer twos are going to be different than in the bear market, right? Like, I think it's going to be narrative mind, share ideas, ideas and energy in a bull market, and maybe a reversion back to fundamentals in a bear market. But it's always going to be both of those things playing off of each other just with different weights. And overall, with, alongside the development in the shared sequencing landscape, the intense landscape aggregation layers, there is a bunch of middleware being born in the layer two world that is also going to shift the dynamic of what a layer two can be and how one can be constructed. I think this will go in. We didn't really talk about shared sequencing or any of the composability infrastructure that's being built. But as that part of Ethereum does get built, I think the second half of this conversation where we talked about layer two experimentation, is going to become even more relevant because as Ethereum solves some of its composability problems, composability issues, the ability to spin up a crazy new layer two that innovates on a completely different, like, design surface area is just getting become easier and easier and easier. Overall, I think everything in this market is catching a bid right now, uh, including layer twos. Uh, and so really, this episode is kind of just meant to answer why, uh, and what that will look like moving forward into this bull market.
Speaker B: All right, we're getting right to the episode, but before we do, we want to thank the sponsors that made this possible, including bankless nation.
Speaker C: We're running it back today. We got Mike Ippolito, the relentless podcaster from blockworks. Mike, how you doing?
Speaker D: Doing very well, David, thanks for having me on.
Speaker C: And of course, Jordy Alexander, chief alchemist at mantle. Jordy, welcome back.
Speaker E: I am pumped.
Speaker D: Let's go.
Speaker C: And bring up the rear, Anthony Cisano, the infinite creator over at the Daily Gwei. Also the infinite bull. Anthony. What's up, my Mandez?
Speaker A: What's up? I'm very good. I'm not as pumped as Jordy. I think he's pretty pumped this morning, but I'm doing good. And thanks for having me on.
Speaker C: Yeah, of course. Okay, so about two months ago, we released an episode that we titled ETH in 2024. As ETH has been going through some growing pains about where it wants to be as a network for itself, Eth the asset and its trajectory. And I think that was very helpful for me and for everyone. I think really understanding ETH's place in the current moment in history and I think we want to do something pretty similar for the layer on top of Ethereum, which are its layer twos. There is a. It's a much more nuanced conversation because, you know, ETH and Ethereum are just these one singular networks and assets. But layer twos can be anything. And we have the current crop of layer twos, we have incoming crops of layer twos. We have patterns that extend across all layer twos, and then some layer twos are just much more unique, much more like app chains. And so I think we kind of want to just kind of do some bare bowl analysis of the different components that makes up layer twos, the layer two world. And there's probably like a hundred different ways to start this conversation. But maybe we can just try and ask about each of your guys's general frameworks, about the bull or bear case for layer two tokens. What are the things, what are the truisms that are true about all layer two? Is about why they will or will not go up in price. Maybe, Mike, I can throw this one to you. When you think about the valuation of layer two networks and their respective assets, what are the properties, what are the things you think about first and foremost?
Speaker D: Yeah, I think maybe to put this within the context of layer twos, as they exist today on Ethereum. I've talked about this a little bit before, but my mental model for Ethereum is the purpose of the protocol today is to export its canonical asset, eth, in the safest way possible. And the l two s are basically the best way to do that. You've got settlement and consensus happening on eth, and you've got all the execution happening on the layer two s. I think if you look at the l two s through almost purely that lens, you see just a massive amount of tailwinds that these l two s have to surface. If you just head over to l two b, you can look at this just relentless, up only chart, which is assets flowing onto the layer two s. And that can be from, I think there's like 27 billion assets sitting on the collective suite of layer twos today. About 15 billion of that is eth that's been bridged from main chain. So, yeah, there's just tremendous tailwinds in terms of the assets and network effects that are flowing onto layer two. SDhe.
Speaker C: Ryan is showing his screen for all the podcast listeners, and we are, of course, looking at a chart that is going up only Ryan. I think if you even denominate that in ETH, it also still goes up only. So it's both US dollars and in ETh terms, where this thing is just only going up.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's phenomenal. And the specific construction of layer twos allows you to obviate a lot of the negative trade offs of some of the more centralized parts of the setup, maybe just to start there. Like that's, I think, the bull case for ETh layer twos in the meantime. But I'd be curious what the rest of the panels, the panelists have to.
Speaker C: Say just to really kind of maybe summarize what your point is that layer twos are in a fight for ETh. And so, like, whether or not a layer two token goes up or down in price, you think it's going to be perhaps largely determined by its ability to capture eth on its network.
Speaker D: Yeah. And I think that's going to lead to massive amount of network effects for the l two s that capture the most amount of ETh. And then maybe one more point. Just you brought up the tokens specifically, but a lot of people have been talking about the major l two s, like optimism or arbitramist being ETH beta, which I agree, but I would also add maybe a nuance that I think the l two s will be the crypto native way to bid on eth this cycle, probably, whereas I think a lot of what's going to drive the price of ETH is going to be more of an institutional bid. So maybe just one bit of nuance.
Speaker B: Mike, you were talking about ETH beta in the context of it being like investment beta, right? That sort of thing, rather than like, not a beta network for Ethereum, you're talking about investment beta.
Speaker D: Yeah, investment beta. So if ETh goes up this much, the l two s will go up that times 1.5 or whatever.
Speaker C: Anthony, you want to just pick up the thread from Mike, because I know you got a bunch of things to say. Where do you want to take this from here?
Speaker A: I would say that I completely agree with pretty much everything Mike said. I think it's a really great framework for thinking about these things. And obviously, I'm hyper bullish on layer twos. Right. Especially, or the ones built on Ethereum, because I know that some other networks are kind of like vying now to get layer twos built on them. Not. Not really much happening there, but I know it's going to become a thing. But yeah, specifically, I guess the ones built on Ethereum for the same reasons, like the network effects of ETH as an asset is just going to increase. So much through these networks. But I do want to say though, that I actually can think of way more reasons to be bearish on, like the tokens, the l two tokens long term specifically, than I can to be bullish on them. And that's not to say that I don't think some of them will be very, very valuable, but there's so many of them now, and they're all competing on like, well, at least the generalized l two s are all competing on the same kind of axis. And like, we've already seen the power law effects play out on the layer one tokens, like BTC and ETH being worth just so much more than every other layer one token, that I feel like it's going to be a similar thing with the l two one s. And I think that there's still a lot of open questions around these l two tokens, like how they're going to capture value long term. I do agree, short term, like they're going to have these hype cycles. They're going to be like this beta against e, things like that. But like the long term value accrual questions are still there. And I think that they also have things that like ETH doesn't have. Like for example, they've got a lot of vc investment with vc unlocks and those sorts of things and that overhang that eth just doesn't have. So obviously on the ETH bull episode that we did, I was like hyper bullish eth. And you know, I find it very easy to be very bullish on Eth. But when it comes to the l two tokens, even though I'm, I should disclose I'm an investor in a lot of them as an angel, I just find that hard to, you know, know which ones are going to long term be value. You know, accrue a lot of value and how they're going to accrue a value against ETH as well. Because I'm not just measuring against USD, I'm still, I'm also measuring it against, against ETH as well. Because if you're going to call them EtH beta, I guess you're going to expect them to outperform ETH right over, over longer periods of time as well.
Speaker B: So, okay, just to put a fine tip on that, so both Mike and Anthony are saying layer twos are bullish for ether the asset and the monetary properties of ether the asset. So it's starting to sound like, guys.
Speaker C: We already did that episode. We're focusing on the tokens.
Speaker B: I will point out after this episode. I think ETH is up 80 billion healthy, healthy amount in the last two months. So well done, panelists for that. We appreciate you guys, but let's get into the time horizons there because you mentioned short term versus long term and we definitely want to have a discussion around value accrual of tokens. But I want to hear what you mean when you say short term versus long term. When you say short term, Anthony, where you see some value appreciation of tokens, maybe beta to eth, as Mike just said. Are you talking about short term being this cycle, the next few months? Long term to you is what, five to ten year time horizon versus short term is what, twelve months to 18 months the cycle?
Speaker A: Yeah, I would say long term, five plus years sort of thing. And short term is definitely for the cycle. But at the same time, I think the crypto cycles are changing as well. So it's just going to become even harder now to define these things. But yeah, short term, typically I refer to like general kind of crypto bull market cycle. So not the bear market part of the cycle, like the bull part, which we're pretty much currently in. Right. So maybe like the next twelve to 18 months. Uh, and then, yeah, long term is like five plus years. I just really. Because like the industry changes so much in, in five years, right. Like it just reinvents itself so much in those five years that while I'm bullish on, on the layer twos themselves, I just don't know, you know, which ones are going to be the big winners. Like right now we obviously have some leaders, but like do they stay the leaders, right? Or does someone else come along and just eat their lunch? Because these things happen all the time right there. It's really hard to have a moat in crypto, like specifically when you're trying to build things, like on the execution side of things. I think settlement is a pretty strong moat. Like bitcoin and ethereum offer very strong settlement guarantees and that's a very strong moat. That's solely based on a lot of different factors that I don't think the layer twos kind of share there. So, yeah, I mean, if I was to pick a layer two token to buy today and like hold it for five years, I couldn't give you any. I honestly, like, I could, I would not feel comfortable holding any of them for five years right now.
Speaker B: Jordy, what's your take on this? What would you add?
Speaker E: You know, I like a lot of the stuff Anthony said. I do think about, you know, this short term versus long term. The reality is there are short term games going on. You'll see like something like manta, they'll do some nice game, get a bunch of billion dollars locked up somewhere, hide people, because there's an airdrop. Airdrop gets listed, and we'll see in five years where those projects are. And maybe they're doing incredibly well and maybe it's flourishing, but it seems a little too easy to launch an l two, do a bit of a Ponzi game with an airdrop, get this rotation going, and it works tremendously well in a bull market. Ultimately, it is good for ETH as an asset. There's just more activity, more ethically burn. And it's the common community money that I talked about last time. As a percentage of ETH market cap, all of l two s can do quite well in a bull market. Like Michael said, there is a bit of the beta component. I would describe it as, like, these coins are not as liquid as Eth. And so, like, an inflow of money, even if it's proportional, even if it's like, you know, 30% of the ETH money goes to l two s, it'll just move them more. So, like, you can get these, like, outsized moves, right? On the other hand, I agree with Anthony. Like, not all of these are going to establish a moat for themselves and be relevant in some years. And the other thing that I talk about all the time when I'm discussing value of coins is unlocks are very important. If you have monthly unlocks forever and ever, and it's just like, somebody has to keep buying the new coins. It can get absorbed pretty well in a bull market, but maybe not in a bear market. So what's that Warren Buffett saying? It's better to, instead of owning a great company at a too high valuation, it's better to just own an okay company at a very low valuation. So valuation matters as well. Some of the valuations that we're seeing, we're recording at a period where stark might launch at some very high valuation. We're seeing arbitrum, obviously, already quite high. So it just depends where you're getting in, certainly.
Speaker C: And you brought up arbitrum at the very end there. When Ryan and I have talked about just the business model of layer two s, we've talked about it in a sense that layer twos have this extremely amazing property in which they don't have to pay for security. And so it's basically, they're just, they just take Ethereum block space, they mark it up, and then they distribute it and they sell it at a premium, but they spread it out amongst many, many users. And from the perception of the users, it's very, very cheap. And this has been proved out in spectacular fashion, I would say, by, like, the arbitrum treasury. You can just see eth flowing into that thing, and then you see arbitrum, the network, buying layer one block space, and it just not spending that much on layer one block space and taking in a huge amount of revenue into their treasury on chain that you can witness on the arbitrum chain. And this has always been like, our articulation for just like the, you know, layer twos, uh, just yet. You can just do a DCF model on them, and that is their business model. But also, I would be remiss to say that, like, perfect thought about fundamentals shows up in layer two token prices. There's a bunch of other variables in crypto, uh, much more, much more ghosts in the wires about how things become valued. Mike, how much does this fundamental analysis actually do you think is important? And what else would you want to add onto any sort of qualitative analysis of how to evaluate token?
Speaker D: Yeah, I had some thoughts. I actually just wanted to respond to both what Anthony and Jordy said, because I'm in pretty violent agreement there. And the way that I would describe this is, I think there's going to be a barbelling of what happens in the l two landscape. And this is kind of what I was trying to maybe describe before. Not so eloquently, is I think there's going to be some degree of network effects depending on where the eth flows from main chain. So right now, one of the problems that we've talked about on this podcast, and that gets talked about quite a lot on Twitter, is the fragmentation of liquidity in the l two landscape. I think that's eventually going to be fixed, but it's going to take a little bit of time to get fixed. So basically, the l two s that end up accruing the most amount of liquidity are going to have a big advantage. In the meantime, honestly, my mental model for the way the l two landscape is going to play out is kind of this barbell of looks like optimism and eth are going to be around for a long time, and then I think there's going to be another smaller subset of l two s that do sort of clever tricks to acquire. That tricks has a negative connotation, like clever strategies to acquire some of that eth like blast, regardless of what you think about it, not financial advice. I have no perspective on the mechanism or whatever, but they've done something pretty clever to attract a bunch of l two s or a bunch of eth.
Speaker C: Okay, so you're kind of saying winners are more entrenched than maybe people think. Or at least there is a process of entrenchment of layer two chains with a bunch of eth. Is that what you're saying?
Speaker D: Yeah. Yeah. Because I think the way that it's going to work is a bunch of ETH is going to flow up to these sorts of winners and that's going to lead to more liquidity on exchanges on those platforms, on the borrowlend parts of those platforms. Like if you want to mint nfts on those platforms, it's just going to be a massive advantage for whole bunch of the financial use case that l two s have today. And I think if you're in this sort of messy middle of layer two s where you don't offer something particularly special like yield or some of the stuff that Jordy is doing with mantle, you're just going to be like, well, why aren't I doing this on optimism or arbitrum or mantle or blast or something like that? So I think there is going to be a hollowing out of the middle of l two s, which this sounds a little bare, but I think that's actually a positive because it's going to solve some of that fragmentation that we all feel. In the meantime, I also think the fragmentation gets solved with non financial use cases like blast or, sorry, Farcaster is a really good example of that. Go on Warpcast and tell me that l two s are fragmented. That wouldn't even make sense. You're just using a social app. But in terms of the valuation and some of the issuance stuff, I agree with you, David. I think cost is a major thing. But maybe just let me poke at that for a second and give you some pushback, which would be this kind of reminds me of the software business model where they really optimize for gross margins. But then if you look@the.net margin, what they end up doing is they end up spending all of that additional stuff on sales and marketing. And I think if you actually looked at the issuance of some of the major l two s, like arbitrum or optimism, you'd see that their issuance doesn't look particularly good in the short term. Right. Like Op spent a lot of their token supply on the getting base on there. Like if you look at arbitrum there's this endless wave of short term incentive programs, the stip, long term incentive programs, and issuance actually doesn't really look particularly great on the l two s. And I think the way that I would thread that needle is there's less spend on security, but they end up making up in this knife fight for developers and users.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker B: And you're doing something there, Mike. You're redefining. Issuance is sort of like unlocks as well, which certainly in the short term is a major factor with respect to outflows and sales of the asset. You could define issuances like net inflation. And most of these chains do not have layer twos, do not have inflationary properties. At least the total supply is not increasing. But you're saying that's immaterial because in the short run you have all of these unlocks, you have all of this token spending, you have these treasuries funding various grants, and the market has to absorb that in some way. That's sort of what you mean, right?
Speaker D: Exactly. I'm not sure it really matters from the perspective of the token whether or not you're paying your native token out to a validator who then turns around and sells it after some period of time or to an application or something like that, who would then take that as a grant and then dump it on the market in some period of time too. So I think it nets out to be basically the same.
Speaker B: What do you think about this, Anthony?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I totally agree with that. I think I mentioned before the VC kind of unlocks, but that's only one part of it, right? These kind of layer twos have these treasuries where they give out grants and things like that. I mean, optimism has their retroactive public goods funding thing which they give out to, you know, they give out a huge amount of op to people. And as Mike mentioned, arbitram has their stip thing and they've all got incentives and things like that. I mean it's just the classic bootstrapping mechanism for a network, right? I mean, layer ones do this by having, well traditionally they did the proof of work. Layer ones, they would have like huge issuance at the start, right? Bitcoin had huge issuance at the start. Ethereum had huge issuance at the start in order to attract miners essentially to the network, right? And you know, these, a lot of these other layer one proof of stake networks do the same thing, just, you know, with proof of stake instead of proof of work where they kind of front the massive issuance and then over time will reduce it as fee revenue picks up and kind of makes up for that. But as we've seen, you know, the vast majority of these networks have never been able to do that, right. They've never been able to actually get real demand into their, that theyre selling, which with the layer ones is block space. But the same applies to layer twos. They have to be able to sell enough block space and make enough money that way so that they can become self sustaining and attract enough liquidity as well so they dont have to keep paying out these incentives to do it. Because we saw the same thing play out in DeFi summer back in 2020. A lot of incentives paid out. Very few apps made it out of that and actually were long term sustainable. A lot of it was just wasted money, I think. So, yeah, I totally agree with that. But also on the, these tokens, the tokens themselves, just from a pure kind of like valuation perspective, outside of anything fundamental, I think that they're very similar to layer one tokens in that they have what I like to call a shelling point premium. And what I mean by this is that they are tied to a generalized network. And when people think about what to buy, say you're like, oh, I want to get exposure to optimism. What are you going to buy? We're going to buy op. You're not going to buy any of the app tokens on optimism. If you want to get broad exposure to optimism, you buy op. If you want to get broad exposure to arbitrary and Arb and optimism even has the base tied to it. So it's like, I want to, I want to expose you to base, I'll go buy op. Right, same with the layer ones. Oh, I want exposure to ethereum, I buy eth, so on and so forth. And that's why you see such large valuations on these layer ones and layer twos compared to the apps, because the apps have a very specific, narrow kind of defined thing, whereas these platforms can be anything. You can be like, oh, I can get exposure to everything by buying this. And it's not really based on kind of, I guess, the fundamentals as we think about it. Like, you can't do a DCF on this or anything like that, but it's more based on how many people want to buy it. Like the network effect really, of that asset. And I think that that's why the layer ones, like some of them that have been dead, dead for a long time, and they exist as basically zombies, they still have a high market cap, because people still buy them as, like, oh, if this layer one kind of takes off, I can just buy the native asset and I'll have exposure to everything. I don't have to kind of go into anything else. And I think the same thing's going to play out with some of these l two s. But isn't that a.
Speaker E: Little bit, like, lazy logic? I mean, I agree with you that that's working, and it's been working for years, and it seems to. To keep working on going. But, like, when you think about the proof of work, and I don't mean this in the bitcoin sense, I mean, the proof of, like, building a good product, it seems a lot harder to build, like, a world class application that, you know, is going to be used by, like, hundreds of millions of people than just, like, spinning up another, you know, l two or l one, and, you know, changing, tweaking a couple things. It doesn't. So it seems like people are just being lazy, and it's more like they're using the token as a trading instrument rather than like, you know, a fundamental valuation of as an equity. What would this be worth? I agree. It's kind of like a shelling point almost.
Speaker A: And I think it's just a reflection of the current market participants in crypto. Right. Like, most market participants in crypto or retail, and they're not buying, like, they like to go down the risk curve. Right. And they like to buy these things, like, to shield the narratives around these things. And I guess I'm just describing the current state of things and what it's been for actually a very long time, as you mentioned. So I think that Ethan, BTC may be graduating above that with the ETF's, but the rest of the stuff is not. The rest of the stuff is still predominantly traded by these retail. And then you have these people who call themselves institutions who just trade, like, retail anyway because they know that it's a good game to play. Right. So I think that that plays a huge part in a lot of these valuations, because if you look at, you mentioned the high valuations of, like, these layer twos right now, like, you actually do a DCF on them right now. And, yeah, they're. I mean, Mike mentioned that they're losing money on paper, right. Massively bleeding money on paper, and they shouldn't be worth what they're worth. But I think bull market things, obviously, but also that kind of like, you know, shelling point premium, too. I'll just buy that because it's a lazy thing. And most people want to be lazy about it. Like, I'll just buy that. Don't have to think too hard about it. And that's why things like meme coins are popular, too. Oh, you know, I like a meme coin because it's just easy to buy. Oh, there's a dog with a hat on it. I'll buy that. Cool. You know, so there's a lot of that going on, and that's why we see these absurd valuations. But I think, again, long term, that that kind of reality sets in. The narratives can only get you so far. Long term, the reality sets in, and then the smarter players are like, well, I'm not going to hold this in a bear market. I'm not going to hold this one to. I know what's going to happen to this thing. And then that's why we say these things obviously bleed out.
Speaker B: Well, it's interesting because we say they shouldn't be worth what they're worth. Right? And Jordy's made comments about that. Anthony, you've made comments about that. Right. But, like, it's kind of the question of relative to what? So, you know, you look at the charts from a fully diluted valuation perspective, and Solana is three x, the fully diluted valuation of arbitrum, which is the next closest layer, too. And it's not just Solana. So, so. And I'm going to skip XRP because we know that's peculiar. BNB, right? 54 million fully diluted valuation versus Polygon's 10 billion fully diluted valuation. You've got Cardano, which is still ahead of it. It was kind of a question of relative to what. And you could make the case on either side. Right. You could make the case that, well, compared to some of these layer ones, layer twos are cheap. Look at arbitrum. It has more total locked value, has more traction. You could argue that based on various metrics, or you could make the case that. That these layer twos are maybe overvalued and the market is getting frothy and ahead of itself. One formulation of this that I want to throw by the panel is basically, I've heard people say that layer two tokens are, quote unquote, worthless governance tokens. Worthless governance tokens, okay. There's some sort of maybe, like, call on what's in the treasury, sort of. But, like, we've seen the futility of governance, and can't the core team kind of take it away? And they're not even. They don't even get sequencer revenues necessarily. It's all very murky. Jordy, what's your reaction to that statement that layer two tokens are nothing but worthless governance tokens?
Speaker E: Yeah, I mean, like I said, it's a case by case situation. There's multiple categories of layers, two things like op, ARB, CK, sync. They're ultimately trying to build an ecosystem that will be attracting other layer twos and kind of building super chains. And you have shared sequencers or polygons trying to do. There's people trying to build this infrastructure layer, like a middle layer above Ethereum. And before you get to the application layer where people are deploying directly, some will win that game and that will be a huge game. And I understand that there's a premium for those who seem to be doing really well. Obviously Op has a head start in the sense of it's very ethereum aligned and it's like the default. If you want neutrality, if you're base or something like that, you just go with Op. Mantle is looking at op as this neutral layer as well. And maybe there's better technology if you go to the ZK path. There's teams that are potentially going to be able to attract layer twos in their ecosystem over there that might have much better user experience with better finality. Bridging out is a lot faster. All this stuff, stuff. So that's one category. And then there's like the category that I've been working on, I guess personally, which is just trying to actually build product that people are actually using. And like, I'm not kind of, you know, so fussed with middle layers and trying to get other people to build stuff. I'm just looking at like the end consumer. What do they want to use? What financial products do they want to use? Can I give them better yield than anywhere else? And like we're seeing that applications can be very valuable. They can get even on the gaming side, this is kind of a little bit crazy. I don't know if you guys have talked to any gaming teams that are raising money, but they're just getting bit up by immutable is giving them x million and they're getting 5 million and it's just crazy. And actually I don't mind it because it kind of shows that to be relevant, these ecosystems do need to attract viral use cases. And it could just be culture, it could be NFT collections, it could be something culture based. I think culture extremely understood how important it is. I mean you talked about Cardano, stuff like that. That's probably a culture built around maybe one person or one concept, and it is valuable. So I have been thinking a lot about culture, and I think culture will capture a lot of value. And the thing I love about Ethereum as an asset, and as we talked about last time, why I've been so bullish is more like the cultural community aspect rather than is it necessarily earning so much in burnt fees or something.
Speaker B: Okay, so, jody, you've described a couple approaches chains are taking. Some are trying to become platforms, let's call them platform type chains, right? Others are trying to focus on the apps and actually the consumer side of it. Others are trying to really develop some sort of culture, some sort of memetic relevance, let's say. But none of that still answers the question as to whether the underlying token is valued. Like, is the token acclaim on all of those things? We seem somewhat confused about that. We're not even sure that uniswap, the unitoken, is sort of a claim on the success, the overall success of Uniswap at this phase in time. I'm not sure if we should be thinking of these as network equities or are these still just worthless governance tokens. Talk to me about that.
Speaker E: Can you give me an inside story on this? In a bear market, but everyone's thinking about cash flow and showing a good P E ratio, and in a bull market, it just all goes out the window. It goes about getting 10%, getting TVL. Unfortunately, in the bear market, it'll go back to that. But you look at something like Lido, and the revenue from Lido is not that high, even though it's by far the largest TVL in all of crypto. If you look at the DeFi llama charts, it's way off there, but the actual revenue is not that high. And when I look at these things, I'm more thinking about, like, it's not just the direct revenue from. From something like, you know, 5% of the 3% or whatever, this kind of thing. It's more like, can you, can you build other things to capture the ecosystem value that you have? Like, you know, musicians don't make much money on streaming, but they go and they do a tour and they make like, infinite money, you know, doing live shows. And with these, like, layer two tokens, potentially with mantle, for example, does it just have to be the sequence for fees? We can do profit sharing agreements with the Dex that we choose. We choose a perp Dex that we want to fully back, and then we get a profit share from that. That could be a lot of money as well, and you can expand that into other things in the ecosystem. So you have to kind of start thinking, what else can I do with the environment that I'm building, not just sequencer fees?
Speaker B: What would you say to this? Mike, I'm curious, your take on this. If I'm buying ARb or if I'm buying op, am I receiving a claim of that network's success, or is this a bit more distant from an actual claim? On the upside of this network.
Speaker D: I'm going to take the opinion that eventually these l two s will find a way to extract value from the apps that get built on their ecosystem. And I think I wouldn't actually be wildly concerned with, with that. You can even look at optimism and arbitrum, and they have two very different ways of thinking about extracting that value. There's a really great post, I think, from either Ed or Steven on the arbitrum side of things that use a theme park analogy to try to describe how they do it. And basically it's like Coney island versus Disneyland. And on the optimism side, with the super chain, it's the Coney island model where it's basically free to actually get into the theme park, but then to actually do all the rides that you'd want to do. If you want to be a part of the super chain, then you have to pay some sort of fee. In Disney, it's the exact opposite. You have to pay $5,000 or whatever it is upfront. But then once you get in, everything is free. And that's very similar to the licensing model that arbitrum has, where you have to pay a bunch, but then everything's free after that. And it's the opposite. On optimism. I'm not actually wildly concerned. I think there'll be different models that these l two s find ways to extract value from their bundle. And I actually think it's probably a decent bet that if you buy the token, it does end up being an index for the value that gets created there.
Speaker B: Anthony? Yeah. Do you think that it's basically a given that if you buy the token, you're buying upside in the network?
Speaker D: I don't know if it's a given, but good bet. I think it's a solid bet, basically, I think index.
Speaker A: Yeah. Because calling it an index is kind of similar to calling it a shelling point. Right? Like indexes are normally used as shelling points for various things. I mean, it's just easy for people to think about. And I guess one thing you said before Ryan, about relative valuations, that's actually incredibly important within crypto. That is, like, the main thing that people value things against, like, each other, right? Like, because it's an easy kind of thing to do. It's like, okay, well, if you have a competing l one, and, you know you're competing with Ethereum, well, of course you're going to look at Ethan, be like, okay, well, it's worth $300 billion. We're worth $10 billion. Oh, look, we can be worth $300 billion, too, because we're a platform just like Ethereum, right? And that happens all the time. Not just with layer ones, not just with layer twos, but apps. Everything that is the thing that drives a lot of these narratives is those relative value. Now, of course, as we've been saying, like, in a bull market, all the rules of the game go out of the window, right? Like, you got so much demand coming in, right? It doesn't actually matter. And any. And you try to reason about this and you can't, because it makes no sense over that kind of, I guess, six to twelve month bulk of the bull market period, where things are just going nuts. And that's why I say that I think a lot of these things are definitely overvalued based on my kind of thinking cap on. But if I take my thinking cap off, then I'm just like, well, what do I know, right? Like, everyone's bidding up these things for various different reasons. I don't know anything. And that's why I say, like, short term. Yeah, sure, you can do really well buying these things that I think aren't going to be good long term, but, yeah, long term. I mean, I've done this myself over the long term. I've held some things. Like, I held something from 2017 to, like, 2019 or something, and I got, like, destroyed on it, right, but I did really well in 2017, but, like, two years later, I was just completely wrecked on it. Um, I think the same thing's definitely gonna. Gonna play out here, but I do think there's something to be said about, like, the. The less overhead for people to just do, to just buy these things as broad exposure to an ecosystem, right. Because, like, a lot of people just are not very involved in crypto. Like, I'm not talking about the crypto natives who are on here degenering into new new farms every day and trying to airdrop farm, whatever. I'm just talking about the casual observer who's heard about this thing on, like, YouTube or some media site, and they're like, okay, well, this thing seems to be growing. You know, everyone's talking about it. I'm going to buy it because I want exposure to it. I think that's as far as a lot of people go. And I think that's why you see in, like, the stock market, for example, like, most people aren't going to go in and buy individual stocks. Anybody? I'm going to buy the index because, because I haven't got time to look into individual stocks and follow their quarterly reports and everything. Most people don't have time for that. So I think that's why you see such a strong power law in BTC and ETH as well, is because they're the two most well known by far, right? And they have good, obviously, tokenomics to kind of help with that, too, I think. And they've been around for a long time, so the network effect is huge. But, yeah, I think that's just going to. Same thing is going to play out for layer two. I think it's already played out for apps as well, to an extent. I just like, and it's funny because you can kind of view, you know, these single assets as an index, but in the stock market, it's not just a single asset. Right. The S and P 500 is 500 different kind of assets. Whereas in crypto it's like, oh, ETH is your index for Ethereum. That's, that's one asset. That's a very different mindset that people still treat it the same way of like, I'll just buy eth. I have exposure to Ethereum, just like, I'll buy the S P 500. I have expired exposure to America. I think that's the analogy. But it's kind of funny how different it is. Like one asset versus 500. Right?
Speaker C: You want to go, Mike?
Speaker D: Yeah, I've actually got a question for Jordy. So, Jordy, how would you describe just from your seat at an l two yourself, how would you describe the business model of layer two? So I'd be really curious to get your answer there.
Speaker E: Yeah, I mean, we definitely think about other ideas for revenue. Like I said, we ultimately think that, look, first of all, mantle is taking a bit of a unique approach where it really collaborates with applications much more, less neutrally than an arbitrum. Where we arbitrage is like a mini Ethereum. It's just trying to recreate same thing with cheaper gas fees. Manful take an approach of, we're differentiating. We're working very closely with the founders, with apps, trying to align incentives and the entire stack, ultimately. So I agree with what you said. There will be ways to capture value, maybe for some l two s more than other l two s, depending on the approach they've taken. I think blast is something that I'm looking at with keen interest. I saw they announced like 17 of the apps, and because they've taken this native yield approach, which is also something that, you know, we've been working very hard on having, like, very high, like, yield, you can do some really cool stuff. I don't know if you guys saw the list, but there was something saying, like, there's like, nfts that are refundable, refundable nfts where because, like, there's yield on it, the project can still get the yield. So as long as people are holding it, I can buy it for ten eth, and then I can get back ten eth whenever I feel like. And then the longer I hold it, the project is just generating yield on the ETH without anyone losing money. This kind of stuff, obviously, you have to have high yield for it to be meaningful. If it's 2%, it might not be, but these kind of creative things. I love the fact that people are experimenting. I love l two s in the sense of everybody can design their own ecosystem, and then we'll see who actually, obviously, it's competition drives progress. Who's going to be able to get the killer stuff, the killer applications, best communities, and then we're all trying to learn from each other and improve each other. It makes me very bullish overall, but I think there's going to be winners and losers in three years time. I do think about revenue, and I think sequencer fees are one part of the puzzle. Everyone's very happy to capture more and more of that for their sequencer, but yeah, there's other sources as well.
Speaker C: I definitely do want to get to the conversation about layer two experimentation and how much left there is to do there. I think that's been a growing focus in the layer two space about, hey, are we really experimenting as creatively as we could be? But there's still a few bits of conversation that I want to tie off here before we get there. There are two chains that I want to bring up that are examples. Maybe they'll just illustrate themselves. One is immutable and the other is base. And these are both very large chains. Either by valuation, it's hard to value base, but I think if it had a token, we would all agree that it would be very high up the stack on the market cap. Immutable. And immutable is actually higher. Immutable is a ZkeVM chain from polygon. It's higher valued than both optimism and arbitrum. The only layer two chain that's valued higher than that is the actual polygon, proof of stake chain itself. And then a base. And base is of course, built on the op stack. So we have the op stack and then we have the polygon DkevM chain development kit. And both of them have produced these decently gargantuan chains, at least in network valuation and also activity. And this kind of illustrates the business model, the strategy of these chain development kits. Right. So maybe one way to articulate able case for optimism or any, anyone with this like, chain development kit strategy is that like the op mainnet or the arbitrary main net or the polygon mainnet is actually one of the smaller chains inside of a larger ecosystem where their chain development kits actually is powering these, like, you know, immutable, the gaming chain, or like Coinbase's chain, Kraken's chain, whenever it comes. And whoever does a chain, and like, they're all way bigger. Uh, and this makes sense to me because, uh, you know, if you're in the op stack and you want to join the collective, pay 15% to optimism, optional. If you want to join the collective. Um, but then also if that, that's like the fundamental analysis, but there's also just like the left side, left, left bell curve, just like, oh, that one's built on optimism, therefore I'm bullish op. Oh, that one's built on Polygon, therefore I'm bullish matic. Um, uh, so this has, this is like, it's got a fundamental case. There's got a narrative meme case. Uh, there's probably a few other things to talk about here. But Mike, what, what, when you hear this, like, what do you think of?
Speaker D: Yeah, I think there are probably two very different stories behind IMX and base. And I think there are right and left curve arguments, frankly, for both of them. I think on the IMX or the immutable roll up, I think basically it might be a little bit of a story. It might be getting the blur treatment here. And what I mean by that is people, if you're bullish nfTs, but you don't really know which collection you think are going to go up, maybe you just buy blur, because thats a pretty good index for ETH NFTs. And I think its probably a pretty similar story on the gaming side of things, where we actually had Robbie on Bell Curve last week and he mentioned that there are 80 games that are launching this year, which is frankly a way higher number than I thought. I dont know if everyone else knew that that was in the pipeline, but thats a lot of games. And I guess from my perspective as an investor, im not going to go parse through 80 games, but maybe I want some exposure to that. So I just buy IMX. Im sure theres absolutely a right curve argument for immutable as well, but I think thats probably whats driving the price right now. Base is really interesting because I think the pro case for base is that it has all of this baked in distribution from Coinbase, which has more users than any other on chain product in existence, probably by one or two orders of magnitude. So I think youre seeing a lot of adoption just based on the brand, based on this distribution that they have. And I don't know if they're ever going to launch a token. I would actually bet that they probably will at some point, but yeah, I think for sure.
Speaker B: Mike, you don't think they have a token? It's called Coin.
Speaker D: Yeah, well, I think they're going to have enough token.
Speaker C: They have coin now they need base. Coin base.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think base is an extremely interesting experiment and I think they've done great at bringing quality apps on there so far. Farcaster is a great example, but I think it's just the beginning for them.
Speaker C: Anthony, want to add anything to this? Also, we lost your camera.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think my camera, like, I don't know, it's just there. Yeah, I think it might have. I can still talk without my camera and then I'll bring it. I'll bring it back.
Speaker C: Anthony's that bullish. His camera got too hot.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, I will say that I think that like each of these kind of changes you mentioned, IMX and base, they have their own narratives, as you know, as we kind of heard there is where like IMX has this gaming narrative as well as the l two narrative and base has like the coinbase narrative. Right. And I would actually argue that op probably wouldn't be worth as much as it is if base had a token. I think there's a, there's a lot of value baked into op just from kind of base being there because as I said before, you can't buy base. I mean, obviously you can buy coin, but if you're crypto native, you're probably more inclined to buy like the crypto native token rather than the stock. So you're thinking, okay, well, I'm just going to buy op. And I think you mentioned immutable is built on polygons technology. I actually don't think many people are aware of that. It isn't something that I see mentioned too much. I think that whenever someone talks about immutable, they're talking about just gaming. They're not talking about polygon too much. It's just like, okay, here are the games on immutable. Or I'm bullish on crypto gaming. I'm just going to go buy IMX. So I think there's like a kind of marketing thing as well there, or kind of like a closeness relationship where essentially everyone knows that base is part of the optimism ecosystem. But I would argue that a lot of people don't know that immutable is part of the polygon ecosystem. Now, I don't know if that's the fault of immutable or if that's the fault of polygon for not being louder about this, but from what I've seen, at least anecdotally on places like Twitter and elsewhere, I definitely think there's a difference there. But at the same time, there's also another token you can bid on. As I said, like if it was just polygon and there was, sorry, if there's just matic and there was no IMX token, then probably people would buy Matic, right, to get exposure to immutable. So the, and then I think that's what they're doing with, with base, where they're like, okay, there's no base to buy op. So I think those factors are at play there. But I'd be very curious to know what op's valuation would be if base had a token. I don't know. I don't know if it would be like half of it what it is now, because people would just buy the base token instead. But I definitely think it would be lower because if base had a token.
Speaker E: So I agree on that in some sense. And I wouldn't say actually that the retail is the buyer. I don't think there's any retail person that's like, oh, I'm going to buy op because I want exposure to base. I think it's mainly like the large VC's that need to deploy hundreds of millions of dollars that they've raised. And they cannot necessarily just buy ethereum. That's not supposed to be what they're doing. So they're looking at what can I deploy into? And layer twos are big enough from a market cap that they can deploy. And it looks like a reasonable thing to do. You're not going to get fired for putting hundreds of millions of dollars into op or arb. A 16 z. These level, these giants have to do. Where else are you going to write a $200 million check? And it sort of creates this flywheel where. Yeah, like there's incentives and they're given out and it keeps the activity going indefinitely until the inflation runs out. It's a bit of a strange game. It reminds you a little bit of the Wework Adam Newman thing, where as long as you have kind of big bags coming in, funding, making the rents cheap, and everyone's renting now because it's cheap, ultimately you have to get to an equilibrium at some point, which, first of all, I'm not saying like, this matters in a bull market. Like, people don't care. This is like a long term thing. But in a long term, the things that, to go back to what Michael was asking about where value is captured, look at something like binance. It's capturing this long term value, even though it's getting funded and all this stuff, because there's just this concentration of liquidity and just activity, it's hard to move all the activity at the same time. So it just stays there. And it's potentially like IMX, something like that will get all the game activity. And maybe the theory is that if you have all the games in the same place, you just kind of have this network effect that is very strong. And maybe the currencies between the games are, you know, it is important to sell your currency in the shooter game to get the go kart game or whatever. But that's a bet that we'll see. We'll see what the reality is.
Speaker B: One thing that I'm kind of bullish on that I feel like is underrated. And I would love your take, Jordy, and maybe the rest of the panelists too, is what I call these vertically integrated stack type chains. So, Jordy, you mentioned just all of the different strategies chains are taking right now. So you have platform based chains, there's tons of those. And then you have app chains, kind of like the mantle type approach is taking. And then you have some that are trying to carve out other niches. Like you have something like blast, which is just, we're just going to juice the yields and play, have some psych tricks, basically, and track TVl that way. One area that immutable brings to mind is what I think could be a popular model and a successful model. Is the complete vertically integrated chain where they're not just building the chain, they're also building the entire user experience. IMX immutable has identity. You have your gaming passport and you have one identity into this ecosystem. If you look at what Zora is doing with the Zora chain, they're building apps on top of it. I wouldn't be surprised if they come up with a mobile app at some point in time. So they're just building the entire full stack chain experience. I think that is currently underrated by the market because that could actually be the secret to onboarding the masses, right? The gaming masses or the culture masses and that sort of thing. I'm wondering your takes there, Jordy. Am I onto something there? Is that a category to you?
Speaker E: Yeah. I mean, at least it makes sense. And that's more than you can say about a lot of other stuff. So what you're saying makes a lot of sense, ultimately creating this full funnel, full stack. Where is your financial life being held right now? You could say there's a lot of money in Arbitrum, so maybe that's the Defi chain where people are. If I was going to build a financial product to manage your money, and I don't want to do it on mainnet because the gas is too high, I would go to where that is. And the more that the chains can get involved in that and build that out, I think they can create not only capture more value, but create more value because they'll be more seamless for the user. By the way, I don't know if you guys saw this, but I saw Revolut is planning to start building exchanges and doing stuff. I don't know. Ryan, is this something that could be more powerful than we realize because they have that. I don't know if you've ever used revolut. I've lived in Europe, a bunch in Asia as well, where it's just a very common app that you use for all your banking, all your effects, transfers, everything. You can do it in one app. It's very sleek. If they start bringing the crypto experience, I know they've already been offering crypto, but now they're looking to expand.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think they totally need to. I think another area, another category is tradfi. Basically, if you're a consumer fintech app, you're going to need to have some sort of chain experience. You're either going adopt a base if you want to bend the knee to Brian Armstrong, or build your own chain. I think it's more likely that they will start building their own chain. But to me, with Coinbase doing base, that's the firing shot on the race here for all of the fintechs and all of the banks to have to start deploying a chain strategy of some sort. I didn't actually know that revolut was going that direction, but we've seen what PayPal's doing. They have Venmo right now, which is obviously massive on the consumer app side in the US, and they have the PayPal coin. That was the exact trajectory that Coinbase took. First we have USDC, we have our own stablecoin. The next step is a chain. I would not be surprised if we saw a chain coming out of PayPal as well.
Speaker D: Yeah, actually one interesting thing that happened this week that might not seem immediately related. Have you guys seen this blowback that Coinbase is getting for not using canonical bitcoin in their payments? Yeah, so that's pretty interesting. And actually UD did a whole long response to this.
Speaker B: Can you share what that is, Mike, for people who may have missed that?
Speaker D: Yeah, these exchanges have various integrations with different chains, famously bitcoin. A lot of the exchanges took a long time to integrate with lightning, and I'm not an expert about this, but the reason is obviously we haven't been super honest with ourselves about how difficult lightning is to use and some of the problems with that as a layer two, I think that's getting fixed in bitcoin as we speak. They have a lot better solutions right now. But it's interesting to hear there's been some flak and pushback against Brian and the coin based commerce part of their business, because it's been revealed that they're not actually dealing with canonical bitcoin. But UDi did this very long explainer as to why that is. And it's because if you want to use canonical bitcoin, then youre subject to main chain using bitcoin, the actual chain, which has all of these performance issues. Its like ten minute block times, its extremely expensive. Now with the JPEG revolution thats happening over there and its a massive challenge. And thats probably going to be the same case with main chain eth. If there are neo banks that want to integrate with the more open, permissionless part of crypto, which is a big if, but if they do, then they can't do it on main chain east, but where they can do it is on layer two s honestly, what's interesting about that as well is if there's a revolut that wants to integrate with the layer two or something like that to facilitate payments or visa or whatever it is, then you can't do the yield part of that. Then Blast has kind of. Blast has taken itself out of the race for that particular use case because I'm pretty sure visa doesn't want all the underlying fomoing into different yield opportunities, but some people will. And when we have these debates about the future, it's like, well, is it going to be this or that? It's very binary and we just don't know. All these different entities have very specific parameters that ultimately impact their choice. And I do think that was a very interesting sort of moment for me on the bitcoin side of things. And I think it opens up a really wide set of opportunities for layer.
Speaker C: Two s. Frankly, opening up a bit of a side quest here. In this comment from Brian Armstrong that was in the thread that you were talking about, Mike, you said that they're not using canonical bitcoin like people are. People were frustrated that when you use Coinbase commerce to check out, you could either use wrapped bitcoin, the ERC 20 token on Ethereum, or you could pay with bitcoin inside of your Coinbase account. So if you have bitcoin inside of your Coinbase account, then you could pay. But nowhere was it actually touching the bitcoin blockchain. And then Brian comes in with some additional context where he says commerce uses a new EVM payment protocol.
Speaker E: Protocol.
Speaker C: And this was actually new to people. Like, those are the first, like, we've heard about a EVM payment protocol powering Coinbase commerce. And like, come on, like, put two and two together here, guys. Like, they have the base chain, they have. They own 25% of circle. They're building an EVM payment protocol. Like put these puzzle pieces together and like, where do you guys think that goes? Like, PUSD has its own like stable coin and you bet your ass, like, PayPal also is kind of trying to build the same exact strategy out. But like, the circle based payment network, I think is like. Like a very viable thing to even just start to form some of those pieces together. These are my patterns that I'm reading. What do you guys think about that? Mike, I'll start with you.
Speaker D: Yeah, I agree. I think they probably will end up doing. Coinbase is transitioning off. If you listen into their earnings calls, if you hear them describe what their strategy is, they want to transition away from a transaction based business model. And actually not this most recent quarter, because transaction revenue rebounded so strongly. But the quarter before. It was the first time that the services and subscription part of their revenue bucket was actually higher than transactions, and they went ahead and built themselves. I know this isn't the topic of the podcast, I don't want to go too deep down this rabbit hole, but they've built themselves a pretty interesting little business there that's independent of the transactions part of their business. They've got the stablecoin revenue that they have with Circle and USDC. They've got a great staking business, their blockchain rewards line item, and I think they're going to expand into payments. And frankly, even the Coinbase wallet is extremely slept on. So yeah, I think payments feels like a pretty natural next step for them.
Speaker C: Honestly, the Coinbase wallet based integration is the best UX in crypto. Like, I minted the Coinbase NFT, earnings NFT, and also the Coinbase buy a penny or mint a penny or whatever. And that was the first time I had ever minted an NFT without switching an application on my phone. I did it on my phone, which is already a huge, like, hurdle to overcome and never did I have to like swap a different app and sign a message. It was all inside of the coinbase wallet. And like, if we're talking about like consumer crypto and consumer adoption and where people are going to go, like, not only is it going to be coinbase, but also where the best UX is, which is also coinbase. Uh, so I, I totally think there's like this base renaissance that's coming, even though it's already been here for a while.
Speaker B: I'm confused how all this helps my layer two bags, guys. That does it. Or is it more competition?
Speaker A: Well, apparently you buy op to get exposure to base, right? I think I do want to add something quickly to that whole discussion, though. I think that, I mean, this is something that I try to talk about a lot on my own show because people are always asking me. It's like when mainstream adoption, when mass adoption, I'm like, well, well, okay, first we have to build the infrastructure and the, you know, the user experiences to enable this mass adoption. Like, no one's mass adopting metamask. Like, I'm sorry, guys, but like, it's just not going to happen. No one's mass adopting Ethereum layer one or anything like that. So we've slowly been building out that infrastructure and some players are bigger than others now. And I totally agree. I mean, I think Coinbase is end to end integration right now is probably the strongest in crypto. I mean, they have the wallet, right? They have the stable coin, they have the network, and now they're integrating it across their entire suite of products while making public commitments, basically saying, this is our core business now. You know, we are an on chain company now. This is what we're focusing on. And it's working splendidly for them so far. It's just such a strong kind of, I guess, developing moat. I wouldn't say it's a moat yet, but they're developing this moat very, very quickly now. And I think it's been a really good strategic decision for them to focus on building it within an already very ETH aligned ecosystem like optimism, because now all the like ETH Maxis are like cheering you on and on your side and being your marketing department and all that, right? So I feel like they've not only built the tech and continue to build it out and be a huge contributor to Ethereum, but they also were very strategic in their alignment here because they've been attacked, maybe attacks the wrong way, but they've been kind of like aggressively kind of replied to on Twitter by other kind of people in other networks and, you know, why didn't you use this network? Why didn't you use this network? And, you know, Jesse Pollack, the lead of the base development, would always say, you know, we chose base, basically more on the social side of things, more on the kind of like, you know, they think that optimism is building a long term sustainable solution in a long term sustainable ecosystem. They vibe with the way optimism is doing things, with the way Ethereum does things, the development process, so on and so forth. So it was less maybe a tech decision and more of kind of a long term sustainability decision for them because at the end of the day, the tech can be improved, right? Like, but your social layout, while you can try and improve it, it's very, very difficult to improve that, and it's very difficult to create sustainable ecosystems as we've seen within crypto. You know, most things are flash in the pan. Most things last a few months and then they're gone. Whereas aligning yourself with a very sustainable ecosystem like Ethereum, that has proven out itself is really good. And maybe if bitcoin could do what Ethereum could do, they would have gone with bitcoin. Right. But obviously it can't. So I think they chose Ethereum because it was closely aligned with their values as a company as well.
Speaker E: I'll take the bear case pretty heavily. And I know you guys are all bullish base and maybe it's like a voice of just completing the picture, maybe. I'm actually quite bearish. And I think the key is what Michael said. They don't have a token. And you guys massively underestimate, like I'm on the ground. I see every day, day out, they're going to have a huge problem, like opensea hat. And they're kind of like in that OpenSea phase where, you know, it's just nice and clean. I agree with David. Like I've used the Coinbase app, I've used it in Thailand. It's like, do you want to, do you want to add some thai bat to buy your thing? I'm like, wow, he knows where I am. It's giving me the local offer. Very sleek. It's incredible. Great tech. But you know what, OKX wallet people, I haven't used it. Everyone I talk to says like, this is incredible. There's other tech. And ultimately what will win is what I'm really bullish on is these aligning incentives like revenue share models where you can even like barrichain something like out there they're doing something very cool where the applications are going to be getting some of the validator income. There's ways that you want to be able to use your token to create alignment of incentives that you simply cannot do on base. Maybe if they can find a way to tokenize coin. But I think the SEC, all this regulation is going to be extremely difficult to do something like that. I think where it ends is what Michael said. They will have to launch a token. I think it will be pressed upon them rather than happen organically. It will be like, okay, shit blast is getting the founders now. We had our little moment where we were getting them, but now other ecosystems, maybe mantle, maybe somebody else is kind of doing a better job and they're super talented. I love reading their philosophy. Great products. No token. Need a token.
Speaker D: Can I comment on that though? Because I think this has been one of my big questions about l two s, which is what is the role of the token in layer two s?
Speaker E: Can I point out, Solana, the token doesn't make any sense. The feed is being burned infinitesimal and it just has like unlocks going forever, right? Like just like 2025, like forever. It's just going to be like unlocked. But the community just wants something to congregate around and they love the vibe of salon and they want that token and they're willing to just like coalesce around it. And these l two ecosystems, they're trying to build communities and to build a brand and build an identity and build culture. And that token just becomes a representation of that, right?
Speaker B: So tokens never make sense. They're just a cultural shelling point.
Speaker E: Jordy, they are a cultural shelling point. For the most part. Having underlying economics is important. And I think for base there's Toshi, there's a meme coin of the cat of Brian Armstrong. But is it strong enough where the community will just make this the money of the whole? Maybe, I don't know. But the problem with the holding, the distribution of the ownership is not very sustainable. It's very bucketed. So I always look at unlocks distribution of token and culture. These three things are what creates a sustainable.
Speaker B: Mike, I feel like part of Jordy's answer is just to your question is it makes as much sense as it does in a layer one, particularly in alternative layer one. What do you think about about that?
Speaker D: Here's the way that I would describe it is I think the business model of layer ones, why they exist, is basically to bootstrap a form of digital commodity like money. I think that's essentially the purpose and the way that that has been achieved in the past. There's a shelling point and sort of soft community aspect to this that doesn't necessarily fit into an Excel spreadsheet. But I think the model was essentially you have there's this distributed computing network, and if you want access to the things that that distributed computing network can produce, then it's token gated and you essentially need to buy into the native token of that environment. And there's this very virtuous cycle that kicks in where the more useful stuff that gets built on top of that network, the more people need to actually buy that token to get access to those goods and services, the more you end up just holding it. And it's this kind of virtuous cycle that kicks in. But that is, I think essentially what the model is. You still have that basically intact on Solana is the way that I would describe that is they don't have layer twos, they have slightly beefier validators that allow them to keep everything on the same layer. And that's essentially what the model is. Ethereum, with the roll up centric roadmap has moved, they've made that a little bit more nuanced and complicated where they said, actually we, you're not going to really want a bunch of goods and services on this main chain, but there are these other extension chains where you are going to want. Where you are going to want the goods and services that are built on top of that. I think the business model of Ethereum is still to bootstrap and export that currency but the way that they're going to do that is these more performant and aligned layer two chains. But the model of the layer two chains as soon as they introduce the token makes it a little bit weird because you can't token gate with two tokens tokens youve got ethereum but then youve also got the native token. The question is what is the purpose of the native token? I agree with Jordi that it might not have to matter right now. You can have a shelling point for a really long period of time. Shit. And crypto doesnt have to make sense on a one to three or maybe even five year time horizon. But im in the camp that eventually its going to have to make sense and I think what youre probably going to see is a lot of l two s get confused about what their ultimate role is going to be. Theyre going to try to jam their own token and try to get people to use it as money but it's just not the same. I just think you're never going to be able to bootstrap those network effects like eth was able to. I think it's a business model where you should just be able to generate revenue. L two s are essentially a bundle where you're trying to attract a bunch of apps. There's economic activity that gets generated on that ecosystem and there should be a certain amount of revenue that should flow back to the token holders, hopefully in the form of ETH. I think the big question is regulation. Theres this bitter irony in the way that regulation works right now, where the more useful you try to make a token, the more illegal it is in the US. Its horrible and its actually led to these massive distortions in business models and markets that has set us back a long way frankly in the industry. I dont know what the timeline is for that ultimately to get worked out, but for me if you could just have ETH denominated revenue flow to l two tokens problem solved, fixed. The question is just when is that going to happen? I don't really know.
Speaker B: Anthony, what's your take on that? One thing I'll add is it's been interesting recently Starknet has launched and they are using the new Start token. Their token is about to launch, let me say will be launched by the time of this episode airs. They are using their native token as the unit of gas for the starknet economy that is different than most of the other layer twos that we've had. Scene. What's your take on this whole token value comment here?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So there's a lot to unpack there between, between Jordan, Mike, I think I just wanted to quickly agree with what Jordy said, the bear case for base. Like, I completely agree with that. That is definitely the bear case. And I don't know if it's exactly going to turn out like Opensea. I don't know how Opensea fumbled the bag so hard. Like, it actually is shocking how, how hard that they fumbled that bag. Like, no offense to them, they had an amazing product and they still do. But, you know, obviously, you know, there was a competitor with a token and stuff like that as well. But still, it's, it was pretty, pretty bad, at least from my view. Yeah. From where they went to where they are now. Right. But yeah, I don't know if the same's gonna happen with base. And as I said before, people use op as a proxy for base. So there's the op governance. Just favor base and just send op bases. Way to kind of incentivize people to come on and do those things you were talking about remains to be seen. They are doing a bit of that. They actually did pay base a lot of op already, I think. So. I think that it would be in their best interest to keep doing that because base is obviously the biggest chain besides op mainnet. So we'll see. We'll see what happens there. I mean, yeah, it's true, but, but see, not even I associated world coin with op. Like, because I know it's built on op, but I think world coin is like an AI coin, right? It's not a layer two, it's an AI coin. But yeah, so that's kind of my thoughts there. But I guess to, like Mike's point, I mean, I completely agree. Regulation has kind of like set these things back a lot. And I completely agree. If there's just ETH denominated revenue went to these kind of token holders, it would solve a lot of these issues and you'd have clear value accrual to these tokens. But at the same time, a lot of the technology is just not there yet. Like, to have value accrual, you'd have to have them staked on validators or sequences. And like, none of these l two s have permissionless. At least most of them don't. They don't have permissionless ways of doing this yet. They will. Of course. Like, I mean, albatross committed to being stage two this year. Like, so they probably have that this year. But yeah, the regulatory side of things, especially for anyone based in the US, is definitely extremely murky and doesn't seem to be getting any better, which is, which is very disappointing there. But yeah, I completely agree with that side of things. And I think I'll also say that, like, when you look at the kind of layer two networks, it's funny that we've all been mentioning the same ones during this podcast, right? The same like arbitrary and optimism and stuff, right? When there's a lot of these l two s already. So you can already see kind of this power effect playing out where we're basically already mindfully just mentioning a few as the top ones and the rest of them kind of go by the wayside. So that's what I meant when I said at the start that, like, if you ask me which one I can pick for five years, I can't really give you one. Like, if I was gunned in my head, it'd probably be arbor op, but I wouldn't feel comfortable about it. Right? So, you know, it's kind of funny that that's kind of how we've kind of, it's been a shelling point for us without us even realizing it, of landing on there. So, yeah, I think. I think the main thing I've taken away from this podcast is that we actually don't know much. There's so many open questions right now around this. We have all have our own thoughts and opinions on this, but there are so many moving parts. It's such a new ecosystem that this is exactly why investing in these things is so hard, especially if you want to do it over the long term. And I think that it's going to be interesting to revisit this in even a couple of years and see where we sit.
Speaker C: I'm glad you just brought all of that up, Anthony, because I want to tackle some of that matter just head on. I think the 2019 to 20 232-022-2023 era of Ethereum layer two development, with some exceptions, has always been about how to be one to one extend Ethereum block space, arbitrum and optimism, where it's like, no, we're more Ethereum equivalent. Polygon is doing the same thing with the ZK EVM scroll. Tyco are all trying to be so close to Ethereum. Starknet is the biggest big differentiator here. They've always been like, I call them Stark maxis. They're just trying to maximize starks. But there's a lot of layer twos coming online this year that I think are really going to break that pattern. And I think we're seeing some of that same energy with what Jordy was talking about, with being creative with how to construct your layer two blast. Putting native yield into the layer two is opening up some design space. We have eclipsed clips coming with the SVM to be on. On an. As a layer two on Ethereum, like, brand new, like, playing field that, like, no other layer twos are going for. There's Phoenix, which is a layer two based on fully homomorphic encryption. Like, how do you even compare that to any of the layer twos that we've talked about? Um, Aztec has been around for a while, and, you know, in the fullness of time, they'll. They'll get there, and it will also be an extremely differentiated layer two. And these are just the ones that I can think of in this breath. And I think there's overall been a lot of focus saying, like, hey, this whole, like, ethereum equivalents, ethereum alignment thing we've. Is great. And there's other things to focus on and other things to. To really innovate and experiment with. And so hopefully, like, they're. The call here is that there's going to be, like, a. A resurgence of layer two experimentation, and I don't know how much juice there is to squeeze there. Like, is there, like, this massive new design space that's totally unexplored, or is it just like a nice little side quest? Jordy, maybe I'll start with you here. How much is there in the world of layer two experimentation? Is there more or less than what people think?
Speaker E: Undeniably more. You can't imagine the kind of ideas and the things that haven't been touched upon because we still need time to build all this stuff. But there's so much to explore, and I'm just talking about SVM versus EVM. I'm just talking about what kind of incentives building blast is ultimately something that I keep coming back to because I've seen paradigms get involved. Dan Robbins talking about native rebasing token. They're going to change the contract. One of the issues that we're having is if you go rebasing, you can't integrate into defi. If you go value accruing, then it depegs from the dollar, and it's a weird user experience. They're trying to just. How 404 is just. Did this unofficial new code make rebasing a part of the entire chain. So it's native in the chain. The contracts are, if you're deploying, this is something you have to use. There's a lot of experimentation that's going to happen, I think, with mantle. I've tried to experiment very heavily on just using yield, using boost, using an environment. There's something very cool launching soon called puff that's going to maybe double the. But meth TVL right now is when we were chatting about meth a couple of months ago, you guys were like, what's this meth thing? Laughing off. It's soon going to be like maybe the second largest after Lido. I think after like this next few months, quite confident that we'll get to that 4 billion mark of TVL. And it's just because of individual creativity and trying to bring value to users and make them like, have the best experience they can have. And there's so much experimentation mode is another l two that's quite interesting. I talked to the founder and I've seen them do some pretty aggressive partnerships, try to generate some very strong yield with Athena and some of this other kind of higher yield options. The more established you are, the less risk you can take. And if you're up and coming, you just say, screw it, this. And you can go anywhere from extreme as like, I don't care about Ethereum alignment, I'm paying the security gas fee. Like, just leave me alone. I'm paying for that now. I'm just going to go in my own direction. And some people are doing that and they'll have some community and some are very much like you guys, very like Ethereum, like just the ethos and trying to represent that. So we'll see everything. And there's so much experimentation. I'm really excited.
Speaker B: Anthony, what are you most excited about on the layer two experimentation side?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I would first agree with what Jordy said. There's just so much left to cover. And I think I said on the 8th Bull podcast we did last month, or the month before, I think I remember saying that I was most bullish on the experimentation side of layer two is rather than the scalability side, because the scalability stuff was table stakes. We have that you understand that layer two s are supposed to increase scalability. So what else can we do? And David ran through a long list of these other l two s that are either live right now or are coming, that are doing lots of different experimentations. They're trying not to be EVM, of course, eclipse with the SVM and fluent is doing ZK wasm stuff. So there's all that experimentation happening, and I'm really excited to see it play out, but I kind of always wonder how much of that's actually going to be successful, how much of it will actually end up being enshrined in the Ethereum protocol itself. Is it a really good idea? But is it so good that it actually belongs in the Ethereum core protocol rather than at layer two? You know what I mean? There are some ideas like that, for example, Tyco is working on based boosted roll ups. That to me works better enshrined than maybe at layer two because the whole concept is using the layer one to sequence transactions. So that might end up getting enshrined. So I think that there's that open question around what happens there. And it's funny because it makes me think of what I used to think about a lot of these layer ones that were doing nothing on kind of EVM or kind of different to Ethereum. I used to call them professor coins, where there was a lot of smart people working on them and they were building some really cool stuff. But I felt like that would never really build an ecosystem around it because it was something that would like bolt onto an existing ecosystem as like a feature rather than a credit's own ecosystem. And I think the most obvious example of that is like privacy coins, right? Zcash and Monero, like they have their own kind of small user bases, relatively small, I guess. But like, you put privacy on Ethereum and look what happened with tornado cash. It was used by so much, has so much volume going through it, that the US felt it was a threat and basically whacked it with the sanctions hammer. So I think that there are certain things that better built like, you know, as feature sets rather than entire ecosystems. And I think we're going to see some of that play out in the layer two space. But the, the really powerful thing about the layer two space is that we get to experiment with those things because it was just layer one ethereum. You can't experiment on layer one Ethereum. You have to go through the whole governance process to just get a small EIP change in, which could take like two years. I mean, I was looking one of the eips that's coming in Denkun, that Uniswap needs to launch v four. It was proposed in 2018. So like almost six years ago that EIP, and it's finally going in Denku. So like, and that's why we saw a lot of these l one s offshoot off of Ethereum, right? Because they wanted to experiment, but they couldn't. Now we get to bring that experimentation in house, right, with these layer twos, and basically keep it in the Ethereum ecosystem and still export ETH as money to them and basically keep it all within ETH and Ethereum. And that's what makes me most bullish on that side of things.
Speaker B: Anthony, can I push back on the experimentation thing a little bit? I agree with many aspects of experimentation, pushing the frontier of Ethereum and developing all sorts of different directions. There's a lot of benefit that comes from that. On the other hand, there are those that would say that is further fracturing the Ethereum ecosystem. I notice a lot of chain fatigue out there where it seems like a new chain pops up, very little differentiation. They have a token, maybe they offer a bell and whistle and it almost feels extractive. Or another use cases, you get the 50th chain and it's a separate island. It's not connected to any of the other chains. What am I going to do? I have to figure out, like, how the hell am I going to track my assets on this brand new chain and interoperability? And did I bridge, I don't know. So experimentation and lack of standardization could lead to a more fragmented Ethereum. And you have an alternative layer, one come up and they say, we have it all here, your common state, and you don't have to worry, it's all in one platform. So there's also some fatigue with some of this experimentation I'm seeing. If we don't have experimentation with kind of like shared standardization, shared liquidity, then is the ethereum ecosystem actually losing? What would you say to that?
Speaker A: I would say you've gone down three rabbit holes that could each be a podcast in themselves in just that comment there, which is quite funny, but like, just as a general kind of, I guess, rebuttal, if you will. It was already happening, right? As I said, there were other layer ones being spun up all the time to do this experimentation. So regardless of if ethereum was doing it with layer twos or it was kind of existing as layer ones, it was kind of already happening in that sense. And I think that the fragmentation thing is like a short term thing, long term, not really a big deal. I think power law effects are just going to play out. We're going to, you know, remove a lot of these kind of ux hardship for users that just abstracted away longer term. Right. So, I mean, I just generally don't think it's as big of an issue as people like to make it out. And you know, the ironic thing, I would bet that pretty much everyone who complains about it on crypto Twitter is doing the bridging, doing everything because they, to farm the airdrops. They want to make the money, they want to go where the action is, and they're just complaining about it because it's a, you know, it's more cumbersome than, as you said, being on one chain. But we, I think we discussed this maybe even on the last episode we did together. I mean, I've discussed this endlessly on my own show. Like, we do the roll up centric roadmap because we do not believe everything can be done on one layer. Right? That's the whole point. Like, that's the entire point of the roll up centric roadmap for Ethereum. And as I said, that is the, in of itself a podcast. But I'm not going to ramble on about that. But that's my general, general view there.
Speaker E: I mean, it's not just the power law concept. There's four incredibly talented, very, very well funded teams building, bridging and cross messaging. Like you have cCip of layer zero XLR wormhole. That technology will get better and better. Even if we keep fragmented and everything else, it should get a better user experience just because of those guys. Eventually you sort of of like finding the best solution for everybody, I think.
Speaker A: No, definitely, definitely. And I mean, I think that, as I said, like, that's just going to be abstracted away. So even if the underlying, you know, technology, you know, it gets better, but it doesn't get to the point where it feels as seamless as, you know, using just one chain for things, it will to the end, use them. That's all that matters. Ultimately, I think, yeah, maybe I could.
Speaker D: Just to disagree a little or poke back, which would be. I actually think there's a decently strong incentive, at least for the leading l two s to not be interoperable and integrate. Like if I was sitting in charge of optimism or arbitrum. Again, I think you're totally right. There are so many great solutions out there. Where are they? Why haven't they been implemented? I think it's more of a social reason than a tech reason for not making these chains interoperable. And from the perspective of a small layer too, it's like, hey guys, we should be interoperable.
Speaker C: Interact with me, please.
Speaker A: That's the thing. I agree, but can that be stopped? Right? They want to be permissionless ecosystems then eventually they're not going to be able to stop it, right? Or else they're not really permissionless. Would you agree with that?
Speaker D: I do agree with that, and I think there's ultimately an interesting sort of tension, and I don't know how this ends up playing out in between experimentation, which I think the layer two should be running right now. That's a huge benefit of being in a layer two, is you get to push the limit a little bit in terms of the VM, for instance. But ultimately, I think the value proposition of layer two, similar to Ethereum or Lido, or any of these sort of mass adopted protocols, is that it should be this ossified, extremely safe, permissionless sort of thing. And maybe an interesting example would be that right now, when you interact with a dollar, when you hold a dollar, it doesn't feel different to you based on which bank you're at or if you're in a different country. But in reality, it is. Every dollar is JPMD or boad, or a dollar in Europe has very different security assumptions and trust built in there than it does in the United States. But we dont feel the need to disclaim that. Why? Because were all relatively certain that this dollar is going to be backed up and safe. And the reason why the UX still feels not great in crypto is because if I was coinbase, I feel the need to disclose to my user that this is not canonical eth. This is an obligation of this chain. That's why we feel the need to describe that to users and what makes it so confusing. And so I think there are a couple of different ways that. I think there are a couple of different ways that this could go. But really, I think all roads point to fewer l two s in the future. I basically like maybe just to put a falsifiable prediction out there, and I can be proven wrong or right in a couple of years. I just think there are fewer l two s. Big general l two s.
Speaker A: That's why I'm like, how are you defining l two s here? Because you could say that there's like the optimism super chain, the arbitrum orbit chain, the Polygon city, or the, you know, the polygon super chain, whatever they end up calling it. Like, those could be our few l two s, but like, then they have all these little mini l two s in them that all natively interoperate, and then those things can talk to each other as well. So you could think of them like countries, right? United States has the, you know, different states they're the different l two s. United States is, and then there's Europe and, you know, has all the different countries inside it. So like that's how I think about it as well. Like there's going to be very few of these kind of generalized ones, but they're all going have little l two s inside them that all interoperate.
Speaker D: That's basically how I think it's going to play out too. Yeah, so I think there will be. I think, David, I've heard you describe it this way, almost like economic zones or trust zones or whatever you want to describe. And I think there will be this sort of broad Ethereum trust zone, and then minor, almost alliances of different groups or bundles where interop works slightly better in between these different groups of chains that have split economics. And it's very difficult to predict how that's going to play out because a lot of that's going to be dependent on what the application actually ultimately ends up needing for interop. Heres something that looks like it might go together. You can already squint at it. Farcaster frames and nfts are pretty interesting. So maybe theres this weird dynamic that is just invisible to us today, where social and nfts should be on the same platform. If web three social ends up being the front end distribution for new mints, then theres a strong incentive there to put nfts and social on the same.
Speaker B: Mike, you're saying there's Ethereum and then the super chains, and the super chains would be these three to seven, let's say large economic zones, chains of chains basically. And you might have many chains on top of those.
Speaker D: Yeah, and then the competition vectors for different apps within those ecosystems will be to sort of push the limits and go out and attract users. And I think for the actual trust, the frameworks, optimism is a framework. Arbitrum is a framework. The competition vector is going to be similar to what it is in ETh or lido or any of these. They want to be flat and permissionless and ossified and safe and unopinionated. I think that's ultimately going to be right now they should be taking risks, but I think ultimately they're going to end up competing on the same vector that a lot of our favorite protocols in crypto jar.
Speaker B: Do you agree with that? What do you think?
Speaker E: I'm just thinking about something else, which is that we're going to start having issues around trade offs. There's trade offs everywhere. One trade off could be, I have an app I want to tap into liquidity on base, on blast, on mantle, on arbitrary from everywhere else. I want to deploy everywhere, and then maybe I want to share the experience. I know Vertex announced Vertex Edge, which is basically they're just going to combine the liquidity across multiple chains into their own shared sequencer, which is a completely new thing. And maybe you're giving up a little bit of risk or centralization, but actually the user experience across all the chains now they get to share liquidity. There's going to be these trade offs that are quite interesting to see on the app layer, especially once an app becomes very strong and gets a lot of incentives given to it, these traders are going to really come into play and we're going to start figuring out how much. It's the age old question, how much do you want to give up in terms of user experience in exchange for decentralization? These types of things, where do you want somebody just mev you to death? Or do you want that protected? The Jareds from subways are not sandwiching you all.
Speaker B: Guys, I think we're going to need to draw this to a close. And I love where this conversation kind of ended because I think maybe you mentioned it, Anthony or Jordy earlier in the episode where there's so much that's undetermined right now about crypto, particularly in layer twos. We know a lot right now about layer ones and how those might emerge. We have a more solid picture about ethereum, I think. But layer two is just like a massive question mark, and that, to me, is so exciting. This is like the cambrian explosion era. We have no idea which life forms are going to actually succeed and live to kind of like, dominate the planet, but we see a whole bunch of different things being tested right now. This might be actually the most dynamic I've ever seen, crypto, right? Like, it almost feels like the possibilities of 2017 when we just started to tap into what a smart contract platform could do. It feels like that only like, maybe more so. That's why it's an incredibly exciting time here. I want to end with this question to each of you. This panel, I think, is largely bullish. Obviously, on ethereum we talked about that and on layer twos. But if you're trying to capture the upside in terms of layer twos, what is the best way to do it, in your opinion? Again, not financial advice. You can either describe what you're doing personally or just like, some thoughts on this. I mean, if I want to capture l two upside, do I go and buy eth? Is ETh essentially an index of layer twos, I'm betting you might say yes. But then if I want to get the beta of layer twos, as we've called it, what do I do? Do I just pick a basket of my favorites, the ones that are top five, market cap? Or do I try to do a larger index? Or do I just use them all and select my favorite? Do you have any guidance on this, Jordy? Again, yeah. From your own personal experience or just thoughts here?
Speaker E: Yeah, look, I'm a fundamentalist. I think eth the asset is just one very good way just to get the exposure and just talk about beta and whatever. I just want to keep it simple. I have a bag of math. It's a big bag of math, and I'm just writing it to Valhalla, something to keep it simple. In terms of other l two s, I think the advice that I would give other people, not trying to be biased, just very unbiased. Look at where's the activity moving, not fake TVL, that's a short term pump. There's some game going on, but where's the activity going? Where's the mind share going? Which ones are attracting the quality founders? It's not about buying the top five. That seems lazy. If you have time and you're living in the ecosystem and you're on Twitter or forecaster, you're seeing what's going on. Go over the direction and the hype is going, and you'll outperform about you.
Speaker B: Anthony, how do you play this market?
Speaker A: Yeah, I would totally agree with what Jordy said. I guess I go back to the timelines that we were talking about earlier, short term versus long term. Short term. It depends on your risk appetite, your risk profile. And as Jordy said, like going into the ecosystem, seeing where the money's flowing, seeing where the projects are going, you know, who's got which projects have got actual fundamentals behind them. And like, not just this fake TVL that comes and goes and airdrop farms and stuff like that, right? So I think, you know, looking into that's very important. But like, if I'm talking long term, like five plus years, like, as I said, like I can't pick anything. Like 8th would be my only pick over. I can't see really any of these things outperforming eth over a five plus year time horizon. And if they do, I can't pick it. Like, there's no way for me to pick it right now. I think, as I said before, the conclusion of this podcast, for me is that, like, there's so many open questions, and that is not good as an investor, like, a long term investor, because as a long term investor, like, okay, you can have a lot of open questions, and that means you're taking a lot of risk, right? Like, you're taking a lot of risk if there's a lot of open questions. But, hey, maybe you get a lot of reward because, uh, that paid off for you. But, I mean, for me, like, in my own position where I am today, I'm like, I'm looking at this, and I'm like, I can't. I can't take that risk. That's such a big risk. Um, you know, on. On the public markets. But I, again, I disclose that I am an investor in these things, on the. On the private side of things, and maybe I'm fighting my own bags here, so to speak, but I can't in good conscience go and tell someone, hey, like, I would buy these things on. On the public market and hold them for five years. I'm not going to do that just because I'm holding. Holding it because of my angel investments. Uh, that. That doesn't feel right. But, uh, and I'm not just saying to buy eth because, like, I'm an ETH Max or whatever. Whatever. I'm just saying they're like, I truly do believe over the long period of time, it's going to be extremely hard.
Speaker E: To outperform Ethan Anthony, like, for just much respect for you, like, fighting your own bags in that sense. Like, not many people have that, like, clarity to just, like, yeah, you know, I got in early at these things. They're up massively. There's unlocks happening. I'm going to be unlocking for the next, you know, two years. But, like, you know, fundamentally, as a user, you know, the asset, the base asset, is maybe, like, a better risk reward and just respect. Respect.
Speaker B: Jordy, hold on. Anthony is not funding ETH, okay? So some of his bags, he's actually supporting those bags of these.
Speaker A: Hey, but I acquired all my eth on the public market, so I'm comfortable with that. I didn't get any preferential treatment for ETh.
Speaker B: Mike, what are your thoughts? How could this market be played from an investing perspective?
Speaker D: I would probably sit in the Anthony camp here, where you should ignore what I'm saying. I have no idea. I would probably just attach this huge caveat to it. I think my mental framework for this, which I've been hinting at this podcast, is just that I do think in the short to midterm, there will be network effects based on how much these layer twos are able to attract primarily ETH. If you want to play these markets, what I would do is probably just track the amount of ETH that finds its way migrating up to these layer twos. And it's probably a decent assumption that the layer twos that are able to attract a whole bunch of ETH will be successful over the at least midterm. I have no specific recommendations, but if I was playing the market, that's what I would be. That is one thing that I would be looking at.
Speaker B: Yeah, look at the clues. Go to layer two. Beat, I guess, sort by total locked value. Denominate that in ETH and you can get some sense of where some of these things are going. Guys, it has been a fantastic episode. Very, very difficult to call what's going to happen next in layer twos. And I think that's why it is so exciting. A little bit like being bullish on the Internet, but not knowing which websites you should bet in. That's sort of how it feels at the conclusion of this episode. And I want to thank you again for. For doing this. I think this could also be called the ETH bull panel part two, but I'm not sure. We did talk about Layer twos a lot in this episode. So thanks a lot, everyone.
Speaker A: Thanks for having us.
Speaker B: Bankless nation. Some action items for you. We will include a link to the episode we did two months ago that I think is holding up fairly well at this point. Gotta end with this. Of course, none of this has been financial advice about Ethereum, about layer twos, about anything. Crypto is risky. You could lose what you put in. But we are headed west. This is the frontier. It's not for everyone. But we're glad you're with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a.
