Speaker A: Bankless nation. Today we've got an episode for you with the founders of Polygon. We are talking about the Polygon Endgame, this release, this software release, this upgrade that Polygon is doing. They call it Polygon 2.0. Why is this important? Well, Polygon is one of the most used chains in crypto, and I think that in itself is a massive accomplishment. There's also been some criticism of Polygon in the past, some critiques that it's just a side chain, and maybe it doesn't have the Ethereum alignment that the marketing says it does. I think the release of Polygon 2.0 will silence the critics. There's a lot of decentralization going on in today's conversation, including a path forward for the Polygon proof of stake chain. A few things we talk about. Number one, how polygon is scaling Ethereum using ZK technology. Number two, a promise Polygon made to the community to upgrade the polygon proof of stake chain and change it to a roll up, more specifically, a validium. We'll talk about what they're doing there. Number three, we'll talk about Polygon's big token upgrade, what they're doing with the Matic token. They're converting it to even more of a work token. Interesting discussion follows there. They don't see matic being a money token. And number four, we conclude with what is going on with layer two is the infrastructure wars, as they were called in today's episode. David, what were your takes on this episode?
Speaker B: Well, we all know that we are in the middle of the layer two wars. The layer two wars are definitely heating up, especially here at ETH CC, and Polygon's transition to Polygon two also enters into the game. Their strategy for going from a single chain to many, many, many chains. We, of course, have the op stack, the ZK stack. Arbitrum recently has now orbits. Now Polygon has their fully fledged ecosystem to have what they call super nets to also fit into the world of all of these layer two platforms that want to turn into standards for horizontal scaling. So we could all have infinite block space, especially by the time this next bull market comes around, which lately seems to be coming a little bit closer than and a little bit sooner than I think we all anticipated. So I think listeners are gonna learn a ton in this episode about Polygon, about one of the most used networks that we have on Ethereum. Before we get into the episode, quick disclosures. Polygon is a sponsor to bankless. Ryan here is also an advisor to Polygon. I also have some small amount of poly tokens as well. Polygon's been around for a while, and we're big fans. And so those are our disclosures. You can see all of our disclosures@bankless.com. disclosures. All right, let's go in here from Sandeep and me Hollow, two co founders of Polygon. But first, a moment to talk about some of these fantastic sponsors that make this show possible, especially bankless nation.
Speaker A: We are super excited to introduce you once again to Sandeep and Mahalo. They are the co founders of Polygon. They are beaming in from ETh, CC, the conference. So we're all in hotel rooms. Well, except for me, of course. I'm always at home, never on the carver scene. Sandeep, mahalo. How are you guys doing?
Speaker B: Great.
Speaker C: Doing great.
Speaker D: Doing great. Doing great.
Speaker C: Just taking notes of the Sandeep statue.
Speaker A: What are you showing us? Wait, what's that? You got a Polygon tattoo? Oh, it's temporary.
Speaker D: And, yeah, like, just hustling through the CC is, like, arguably the best event in that sense.
Speaker C: Very high quality, great event.
Speaker D: Less crazy.
Speaker A: I'm glad it's been good for you guys. David's been filling me in, and we've got a whole bunch of conversations coming out of that. But that tattoo, I'm a little concerned, saying deep that it's temporary because, you know, we're all about immutability in crypto here. So I'm waiting for the immutable polygon tattoo that is inked and cannot be removed.
Speaker D: It's a testnet.
Speaker B: So in this episode, we're going to get into all of Polygon 2.0 because there's a big update. We're getting some changes to the polygon token. We're going to talk about the technology transition from the proof of stake to the Zkevm. But before just a little bit more on ECC. I've had a fantastic ECC, but I want to get your guys perceptions as to who is asking you guys about what about Polygon. What's been the response? Because this announcement went out earlier than ECC. So when people come up to talk to you guys and ask you guys questions, what are they poking around about? What's the hype about Polygon when they come to talk to you?
Speaker D: I think generally the Polygon 2.0 has been received very, very well in the industry, much beyond the expectations that we were thinking. And everybody is like, this is like. I actually met some of the researchers, which, including, I mean, a lot of researchers from Ethereum foundation to cosmos, to various different ecosystems. And many of them said that the Polygon 2.0 architecture that they see, it feels like the most kind of practical and probable architecture, like whether polygon builds that or somebody else builds that. That's a separate thing. But point being that using the power of ZK, this looks. Looks to be the architecture which can actually provide this infinitely scaling web three trustless computation, and also, while. Even though you are scaling infinitely, while providing a level of proven composability or cross chain, as we say, unified liquidity across this value layer of Internet that we say. So I think that has been the highlight for us and definitely a lot of discussion around ZK, because arguably, now our Polygon ZK stuff is absolutely state of the art. So Jordy is like a rock star here. So, yeah, a lot of ZK related discussions and developers coming up to us.
Speaker C: Yeah, I can just echo what Sandeep said. I think in addition to that, I think it's kind of becoming obvious. We at some point, become not really irritated, but we felt a little bit sad that we were not really able to communicate all the great development that's happening on the ZK front within Polygon now. And I think now, finally, community understands how strong polygon ZK team is and how exciting everything that you're working on is. So that was my maybe second biggest kind of impression, that people are starting to kind of realize that. And with Polygon 2.0, the feedback has been really, really great, and we are very excited to move forward with the whole concept.
Speaker B: One of my favorite memories of ETHCC Mahalo was, in 2021, it was you, me, and Mariano Conti, and it was the last day of ECC. A lot of people had already left, and it was just us three left. It felt like I remember exactly where that was. Yeah. And we were just grabbing some beers, and I remember you get a phone call, and you jump up from the table and go take this phone call for five to ten minutes, and just me and Mariano just, like, chatting, just chatting, drinking our beers, and then you come back, and you sit down, and it goes, oh, really good news, guys. Really good news. And me and Mariano are like, oh, great, what is it? Tell us. And you go, I can't say. I can't say. I'm like, mahalo. Come on, bro. What you got to say? It's like, no, I can't say, guys. I can't say. And then, like, six weeks, eight weeks later, Polygon announces the acquisition of Hermes, which later turned her into Polygon. Hermes, which is, of course, Geordi's project. And then next EC, a year later, was the announcement of Polygon Zkevm. And then now here we are at the Zkevm Polygon 2.0 stack. So it's just a nice little quick story about ECC and the progression of these systems over the years and the players that stick around through the years and relentlessly build forward.
Speaker C: Totally, totally. And then at that point, as you know, and as you understood later, I had that kind of oath of NDA type of oddware because Hermes had a token. Right. And we could not have publicly said anything in order to avoid any sort of speculation and whatnot. That was the only reason. Otherwise, of course, I would have shared with you with pleasure. But, yeah, Paris is very significant kind of, for development of Polygon and this short but very exciting history. And, yeah, we also announced ZKVM here in Paris, and now we're kind of wrapping up the whole Polygon 2.0 thing here as well.
Speaker D: Yeah. And I think for Jordyn, even more historical. Like, you know, he actually presented, the first time the idea of a ZK based roll up. Like, he's the. Many people don't know that he's the one who came up with this idea. And he originally presented it here next year, presented like, the Hermes 1.0, which was only a payment thing. Launched that. Then next year, we announced the Polygon working together. And they announced last year they had announced Testnet, I think, right.
Speaker C: In the HCC last year was the completion of the code. It was feature complete. We released the code base completely. And, yeah, now the main net.
Speaker A: It's incredible how crypto has kind of grown. I remember a time where I could keep track of all of the major projects, just even all of the major projects that we're building on Ethereum. Right? It's just like I had them in my brain, and now it's getting difficult to even keep up with all of the major projects on top of polygon.
Speaker C: Right?
Speaker A: Like, the polygon ecosystem is probably bigger than the entire Ethereum ecosystem circa 2019, 2020, right. That's how fast it's grown. And so I think we want to start this conversation because this is a conversation to really unpack this thing called Polygon 2.0. And I want to make sure that listeners understand what Polygon 2.0 is and what it contains, because there's a lot going on here just inside of the polygon ecosystem. I think the way I understand this is maybe divided into three parts that we want to touch on today. The first part is polygon proof of stake, moving to a Zke EVM and what that means. That's the first thread we'll pull on. Secondly, I think we want to talk about the holistic stack here, the tech stack, the layers, and what you're doing here, because this will give people a sense for what the capabilities of the polygon ecosystem and architecture are. Then thirdly, I think we want to talk about token economics, the token economics of Matic and where this is moving forward. So those are the three kind of pillars we're going to touch. Does that sound good?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: And there's a fourth one, which is the governance, the release of the new governance framework that you're proposing for the whole ecosystem, for governing three important or three pillars, as we define them, of polygon, ecosystem and polygon governance.
Speaker A: Lovely. Okay, so we got three pillars, and then we got this governance wrapper around those three pillars that we're going to talk about.
Speaker D: So, so, I mean, the Polygon 2.0, like, I'll first take a stab at it, like at a high level.
Speaker A: Yeah, give us that level.
Speaker D: And then Mihailo can, you know, go more deeper into technical stuff. But basically, the whole design of Polygon 2.0 is the philosophy is exactly how or is derived from the current web two, Internet. Like, you know, this is web three. And we want to say that if web three is going to achieve, or is, is, you know, we want web three to achieve that level of scale, of web two, then it needs to have two key characteristics that web two has. The first key characteristics, as web two has, is practically infinitely scalable. More websites, more apps, more, you know, softwares are going, you know, need to be created. You, you create more and more servers and it keeps on growing. Every year we have millions of millions of apps join the system. So it needs to be infinitely scalable. Second, the second part is even more important is that this web two is basically this Internet of information, Internet of data, where the information can seamlessly flow from. It doesn't matter whether I am sitting in Paris and you guys are in us, and the website that we are accessing in between is from some other part of the world, and we can seamlessly use this or share and create and exchange that information with each other. Whether it's video content, this content, that content, it's seamless. Basically. It wasn't like that 30, 40 years back when the Internet actually came. It was named Internet because it was a. A network of networks. Previous to that, there was a lot of networks, but they were like DARPA net and things like that. They were di separate networks. And previously, if you wanted to have some information or data moving from one kind of network to another network, it almost felt like that. Like it feels today when you have to bridge your USDT into other chain and things like that. So the information also was not seamless, but today it's seamless. So these two should be the characteristics like infinitely scalable and unified liquidity that we say, because it's the Internet of value, we say unified liquidity means value can move from one layer to another layer seamlessly. And how we achieve that is basically, we have a very nice diagram also very simply which says that shows that polygon is basically is going to become this multi chain network of layer twos secured by Zkhdem. So everything needs to be secured by ZK. And we will discuss about like our polygon Pos converting into ZK and all that, all that combines and aligns into this vision that all the chains here, whether it's super nets, supernets previously used to be like individual side chains and eventually they were going to have ZK proofs. So that moment has arrived. Now that where all you can have like polygon, PoS chain, like chain, public chains, ZKVM chain or these super nets, everything acts as a layer two proven on Ethereum on top of Ethereum using the power of ZK. And then we have an aggregator layer which actually combines the ZK proofs in one recursively and puts one single proof on Ethereum. What happens with these recursive combination in this aggregator layer is that one chain, like let's say you are on a chain number 100 and you want to swap some value from chain number ten to chain number 100, right? What you do essentially there is simply the moment the chain number ten has put some put the ZK proof on the aggregator layer, the chain number 100 can easily see that ZK proof and knows that the XYZ transaction that is coming on chain number 100 is a part of this ZK proof that has been submitted. That means you can allow that cross chain transaction to happen. And imagine how big this concept is that you don't care whether that chain has one validator, two validator 100 validator doesn't matter, it's a private chain, doesn't matter for you. Now, as far as the transaction can be proven, that this transaction is a part of this ZK proof, the other chains in the ecosystem will be able to simply take that, right? So essentially what is being solved here. First, you can have as much block space if you want, like as many chains can be seen, so it's infinitely scalable. Second, because of the power of these ZK proofs, all the value is seamlessly able to move across these chains, right? So unified liquidity. And this is the architecture using this power of ZK and recursion, what we have figured out in last two years with these multiple ZK teams. This brings us to this culmination of this polygon 2.0, which is like infinitely scalable and unified liquidity. And yeah, that's why some of these interoperability features and these features, this all aligns into whatever next things we said, like Polygon Pos becoming ZK and things like that.
Speaker C: Mehlo want to add, not much to add. I guess maybe I can just add that we are very, very kind of happy and confident about this tech stack that you're proposing now. And it is the result of this practically two years long period of, I would say, divergence that we have had in Polygon. So we understood that we shouldn't really try to predict the future from the get go. Propose one single approach, one single tech stack. And that has played out pretty badly for some of the projects out there in the past. And proposing or creating the architecture that is indeed that can support mainstream adoption, that can support practically unlimited scalability and seamless interoperability is not an easy task. Obviously, intentionally encourage this period of experimentation. And as I said, it has lasted for almost two years, and we have had multiple client development efforts, multiple ZK projects, experimenting even with data availability and whatnot. And we have really learned a lot during, during that period. And we slowly, some time ago, started converging, so to say, towards a more concrete architecture. And now we are, I would say, very confident that this is the way to go. And yeah, by leveraging, as Sandeep said, the power of ZK and advanced implementations like ZKVM that we have been able to ship, and this advanced, and to the best of my knowledge, the only interoperability protocol that allows scalability and global consistency across the whole ecosystem. I have never seen such approach. We are very confident that this is the optimal architecture to build basically the value layer of the Internet.
Speaker A: This is very cool. There's two themes I'm drawing upon, maybe for the listener and what you're describing for Polygon 2.0 here. The first is what you were just talking about. Mahalo is this journey for polygon from divergence to convergence. And I'll just say one of the strengths of polygon has always been, I think it's practicality, in that you guys didn't just test one approach, you tested all of the approaches at once. I remember for a while when Matic was doing the plasma based approach as well. And so you had side chains, you had plasma, you had proof of stake, you have rollups, you're doing all of the approaches at once. And the concern about that, the benefit of that kind of divergence is you get to test all the experiments. You don't have to bet on a single experiment. The concern about that is, well, what if it fractures? What if we're not able to create a unified experience? What if we're not able to scale this? What if it's brittle? And so now the next move, and why this is a 1.0 to a 2.0 is because this is a move towards convergence, where you can unify all of these approaches. And I've heard you say it so many times that I want to, like, I want to emphasize, it feels like ZK, this term, zero knowledge, these ZK proofs have been the unlock that allows for that convergence. I don't know that I sufficiently understand how that works. I'm hopeful I get a better understanding by the end of this episode, but that if we can unlock ZK, that gives us a scalability and the unified one network type of user experience that we're all looking for. Let's talk about that. I think a lot of listeners will be familiar with or will have used Polygon's proof of stake network at some point in time with matic tokens and doing all sorts of defi types of things on top of polygon proof of stake chain that is moving to ZKE EVM type of technology. Or actually, why don't you guys describe what this proof of stake chain to ZK transition is going to look like? So the before state and the after state, and the increased unification security guarantees that we get a after this change is in place. Do you want to start, Sandeep?
Speaker D: Yeah. So basically, first I want to give a very kind of layman definition of ZK. What exactly why are we able to use ZK for the zero knowledge technology, which was used to be a privacy technology, which was initially popular for privacy technology, how it is used for scaling, essentially, in ZK, what you are doing is that what you do is that you prove to someone that you have something or you did something. It's a very simple way, especially in the case of competition. It might sound simple, but let's say today, let's say, Ryan, like you said that, Sandeep, I'm going to pay for your. If I was a student, you say, I'm going to pay for all your education bill for next one year. And at the end of the year, I came to you and I gave you 1000 bills, and I said that, Ryan, total expense was $20,000. The only way you can actually verify that this is actually $20,000 is you have to go through all the bills, and then you have to do the total yourself. If it's plotted in excel, you have to total it yourself. There is no other way. Now, imagine if my whole billing process was a bigger computational process. I was doing a lot of things, and I wanted to prove to you there is only one way. I have to give you all the data. You have to run the whole program yourself and then prove something, right? And when we are trying to scale Ethereum now, think of it from. From Ethereum's point of view. We are trying to scale the execution power on Ethereum, right? The only way. Like, for example, how it works in, let's say, in case of previously, like, you know, ZK or the solidity Sol VM. And all those attempts were there. And kind of like optimistic roll ups also, they don't execute the whole transaction, whole data, but what they do is an optimistic roll ups. You put all the data and all the state route and everything on Ethereum, and then you expect that somebody will run the whole chain. And if there is something wrong is found, you will raise the fraud proof. This is why there is a limit to the scalability optimistic roll ups can provide. And that's why you have a seven day withdrawal period. Because it's inherently optimistic in nature. You are assuming everything is correct. But with the power of ZK, I can prove you a full blown computation. Like in the same example I was if I was a student and you paid 20,000 my had thousand bills. But we can agree on a simple, you know, kind of a proof in between or a proof layer in between. And I will just give you a proof. Like Ryan, I need 20,000. I will need $20,000 because this was my bill. I give you that succinct proof, you put it on that validity proof layer, and you are 100% sure that Sandeep is saying correct. He is not fudging the bills. The same case goes in this situation. Like if I am a layer two and I am doing a lot of computation, like the smart contracts are happening and billions of dollars are being transacted. But on Ethereum. Ethereum doesn't need to run all those source code on Ethereum to be sure that this layer two is working fine. That's the whole point of layer two. You want Ethereum's final guarantee that everything that layer two is doing is correct. So instead of that, instead of giving the whole transaction like what happens with optimistic roll ups, they're giving the whole data and the state route and everything to Ethereum. And then assume somebody will run, and, you know, run the fraud proof with ZK, you simply provide the whole proof of the computation. You say this is a succinct proof. This proves that whatever I have done is correct. And as per the rules of the, of the EVM like virtual machine, I'm not changing values from my side and all that. And Ethereum just needs to run that small proof and is hundred percent sure that the sequencer, whether it's one single sequencer or it's ten sequencer, no matter what, everything was executed correctly. That is the power of ZK. And imagine how big this concept is. Now you can do huge amount of computations off chain and just bring back small proofs on ethereum, the final guarantees provided by Ethereum. But you can do huge amount of compute. This can provide you that level of scalability. That's the simple magic of ZK. And then it's only about how much you can optimize those ZK proofs, how the cost of creating those proofs can be simpler, lower and all that. And that's where it, it's like, you know, the differentiation comes where Polygon, and especially Polygon, ZKVM and Polygon, zero teams and Mydin teams, they have combined like completely like smashed it in terms of the performance of how fast you can prove and how low costly in a low cost manner, you can prove on or validate on Ethereum. That's why ZK proofs are called validity proofs. Another benefit of ZK is that since it's a validity proof, the moment you put the proof on Ethereum and Ethereum accepts the proof, that means everything was correct. So you don't need a seven day withdrawal period compared to what you need in optimistic loads. If you are putting a proof every five minutes, you can withdraw your funds every five minutes using the power ZK. And this actually like, this is why I'm saying that this again, let's revisit the Polygon 2.0 vision. All these chains, layer twos on top of Ethereum using the, using ZK proofs. So it doesn't matter. There are five chains, ten chains, hundred chains. And who is running those chains? If it's a college dorm room guy running the chain, you know that this proof is coming on this aggregator layer, and each chain knows that the execution is done. Correct. And once the proof is submitted to Ethereum, Ethereum also verifies that all these hundreds or thousands of chains, they all are executing correctly. So now you can have millions and millions of users individually running those chains. And the interconnectivity between those chains is there. So it feels like one single large chain, infinitely growing block space because there is interoperability between them and the chain. You can add more and more chains to add more and more capacity. That is the whole concept of layer two. And you said absolutely correctly that ZK is the unlock. Like these fast ZK proving. And these recursive proofs is the unlock that are these three, four teams working together were able to crack. And that's where we are at. Polygon 2.0.
Speaker C: Yeah, and going back to Polygon Pos chain and the upgrade that you mentioned. So currently, as I guess a lot of people know, Polygon Pos chain is one of the most used chains in the industry. Basically it has currently way more transactions than ethereum, pretty mature or quite mature ecosystem, etcetera, 300 million plus end user wallets or addresses, whatever you want to call them. And we definitely don't want polygon pos chain to be left out with this polygon 2.0 vision. And this proposed upgrade has two main consequences, I would say. One consequence is currently polygon pH is operated by a set of validators. There are 100 plus matic stake validators, and they are providing security for the chain. And theoretically there is this bridge that connects polygon pure chain to Ethereum. And these validators practically and factually control this bridge. So theoretically they could try, if they collude, if they gain a lot of or enough or super majority of the stake, they could try to attack the chain and maybe withdraw funds from the bridge itself. And now with this proposed upgrade and ZKVM, that is showing great performance already. As a reference, we have latest benchmarks, which are the proving costs for Eid transfers are 0.50,085. So four zeros, 85 for a need transfer in ZKVM. These are the actual proving costs. So practically these costs are negligible. And to be honest, orders of magnitude lower than what we were initially expected when we started working on ZKVM. And that's for the type two that is already in production on Mainnet. We are making great progress with type one, and basically we will have opportunity to choose whichever approach is better for the community and for the PoS chain specifically. But long story short, our ZKVM tech is definitely mature enough now so it can support the level of activity that POS chain has. Hence why we decided to put forward this proposal to upgrade it to ZK validium. So, as I described, the chain itself and the bridge is currently controlled by this set of validators. After the upgrade, we can continue to have these validators, but in the form of decentralized sequencers, and use the power of ZkVM to turn this PoS chain, which is practically a sidechain at the moment, into a full blown layer. Two, we are proposing the validium solution because we currently have roll up already live on Mainnet, the ZKVM roll up that is already active, and ZkVM validium and ZKVM rollup would become kind of like a nice product mix where you have these trade offs between validium and rollup. Rollup has full blown security of Ethereum because it uses Ethereum also for data availability, but it has lower throughput and higher costs, whereas this validium has much higher throughput, much lower footprint on Ethereum. Hence I can offer much lower transaction fees. So basically, any application can pick one of these two solutions. So that's currently what we're proposing. We're also in discussions with people from the Ethereum foundation we discussed here in Paris and just in Drake. We are practically not even against turning this Pos chain into a full blown roll up, but for that, we would at the very least need 4844 EIP, 4844 active on Mainnet. We will have some sort of working group in the following weeks to just basically explore even that as an option. But the current proposal is to turn Pos chain into validium, and we have this roll up already on mainnet. So that would be, as I said, kind of like a nice product mix that would increase significantly. There are two, as I said, major consequences of that. One major consequence is that the security of the PI chain would meet dramatically, I would say improved in a sense that all transactions on polygon pos chain would be proven back on Ethereum, and it would become the first decentralized layer two in the ethereum ecosystem, to the best of my knowledge at least, and by far the most used one. So we're very excited about this proposal because of that. And the second major consequence is that polygon PoS chain would become compatible, so to say, with the wider Polygon 2.0 vision that we are proposing. Now, given that it's going to use, or it will use ZKVM, it can plug into this kind of interoperability protocol and seamlessly exchange value with any other chain in the polygon ecosystem. So there are these two major consequences of this upgrade. And yeah, it's a very big event for the polygonic system, and we are very excited about it.
Speaker B: So we've seen layer twos upgrade themselves, both arbitrum and optimism. They've had their nitro and bedrock upgrades, but that's going from one optimistic roll up upgrade to just a better optimistic roll up upgrade. We haven't seen an optimistic roll up proof of stake chain upgrade to a ZKe EVM. Can you talk about the actual details of that transition? What will people have to do? What will users have to do? What will node operators have to do? How should we think about that actual upgrade event?
Speaker C: Yeah, for sure. So it's going to be pretty seamless upgrade, and it's generally pretty straightforward. The building the tech components that will enable the upgrade was the hard part. So practically what we have to do currently polygon PoS chain runs, the validators are producing blocks and extending the chain. And every half an hour there is a checkpoint on Ethereum. The checkpoint. In order for checkpoint to be accepted on Ethereum, there has to be a signature or set of signatures from the supermajority of the stake in the polygon PoS chain. And that's the only way the checkpoint can get accepted on Ethereum. What we practically need to do is to modify smart contracts for checkpoints on Ethereum instead of, or in addition to these validator signatures. It will also require the ZkVM proof. So that's more or less the only thing you need to do on a high level to upgrade this pOs chain to ZkvM validium. And obviously there has to be a client upgrade and all validators will have to upgrade their clients. But that is pretty similar basically to any other upgrade or hard fork that, as you said, other layer twos or Ethereum or ZKVM or POS chain. All of these chains are doing generally regular upgrades, that is hard forks, and that's going to be just another one for the validators. There is one additional component is now this unified liquidity and this interoperability, this bridge that is already holding some assets, basically billions of dollars of different types of assets will just have to merge with this interoperability pool or bridge that we are proposing now and that Sandeep kind of described. But that is a separate process, so to say, of the upgrade itself. So long story short, and that has.
Speaker D: To be done also. You know, community has to be involved only on that part. Like Polygon community has to get involved where they have to vote and there has to be a governance process and how this bridge moves into this ZK secured bridge. But otherwise, like for end users, it will be just like Ethereum, much like we actually wanted to call it, like at one point in time, proponent of calling it polygon merge, because it's that unprecedented kind of thing, as you, David rightly said, that it has never happened before. So it's kind of a very big event. And if and when the Polygon team pulls through it, I think it's going to be a technological feat like the way ethereum merge was. And it will look like and feel like exactly, almost like the same event that happened.
Speaker A: Yeah. I will tell you, for me personally, the movement in this direction is kind of like a promises made, promises kept moment for me, because it could have been easier, and it probably would have been easier for you guys to keep polygon as a sidechain and not pursue this whole ZK path. It would have been easier, probably less expensive, you wouldn't have to make the investments that you're making. And so for me, and I just want to be clear in kind of the summary of what's happening for listeners who aren't in the weeds here, but the polygon proof of stake chain moving to be more secured by Ethereum and settled on Ethereum is a really big move and a really big moment. And David called it unprecedented for kind of a sidechain to do this. What's happening, it sounds like to me, is the polygon proof of stake chain is converting to what's called a validium. And if bankless listeners aren't familiar with that, the term validium means, it means basically like the consensus layer settles on Ethereum, the data layer settles not on Ethereum, somewhere else. For now, that's what a validium is. And there are other validium examples that on layer two beat, you can see immutable x is one such example. Arbitrum has some validium types of architecture, so that's where the proof of stake chain is going. And Polygon also has a chain that is fully fledged ZKE EVM, that the data layer and consensus layer completely settles down to an ethereum. And these are kind of two chains that are working in parallel right now and two different options. When about is this change going to happen? Will the polygon merge actually occur? Is this sort of up to the community? Are we talking weeks, months, something longer?
Speaker C: Definitely up to the community. We have this governance process currently for the polygon pos chain, which is coordinated through the concept of pips, polygon improvement proposals, which are kind of equivalent to ethereum improvement proposals. We will put an actual pip out there for the community to discuss very soon, I believe in a matter of weeks. Even after that, it depends on the feedback. There is a set of public discussions on forums on polygon protocol, governments calls, etcetera. But so far we have proposed this upgrade as what we call a pre Pip. It's like a document, official document, meant for kind of temperature track of the community and whatnot. And the responses have been extremely positive so far, which means that the governance process, we can go through it pretty fast, I would say after we post the actual PiP, I believe maybe one to two months to gather the community consensus, and then it's a matter of actual implementation. And implementation will happen in several phases, but I believe definitely end of year should be realistic, at least for the first phase, in my opinion, given the great community feedback we have received so far.
Speaker B: One very big component of this upgrade is of course the upgrade to the Matic token. Governance of course, implies we have to govern with something, a tool to govern with. That's the token. Can you guys walk us through how the Matic token is evolving here? Because this is a very big part of the story, correct?
Speaker D: Yeah. So the, the matic token, like again, this is as Ryan said, you know, promises kept, you know, is basically promises made, promises made, promises kept. So basically this also when we actually rebranded from Matic network to Polygon, that was the same, you know, again, we had promised that, you know, eventually a Matic network, which is, which was a single chain kind of a ecosystem at that point in time will migrate into this multi chain on top of Ethereum even. We initially call it like Ethereum's Internet of blockchain. So you know, that this will move from one single blockchain ecosystem into this token, which can support this multi chain, you know, ecosystem. And also this token is like a very different, in the sense that, as we call it, this third generation token. Why we say third generation is that first generation was BTC. And BTC essentially as a token of the network. It doesn't have any utility for you as a holder in the network. You can't participate in the network using the BTC. In order to participate, you have to buy hardware and do the proof of work, Ethereum, especially after this proof of stake merge that happened. Now every Ethereum holder can participate in Ethereum main blockchain and stake it and participate in securing the network, right? But then this happens natively, this can only happen on Ethereum network itself. And there are like some protocols have been proposed that we can, which can, on the top of the protocol, they can do it separately, but natively it happens only on Ethereum. Whereas in case of polygon, and that's why we call it a third generation token, is basically with one single token, you can actually validate on hundreds and hundreds of chains, right? So, and that's why we call it hyper productive token that, you know, with you have matic pole token, you can stake it on hundreds of chains and validate, provide your services on that. Not only you can validate on multiple chains, but you also have multiple roles to play in the chains. Because these layer two chains, you can actually play a role of a plain Manila validator or sequencer which is only just plugging the transaction and creating blocks. You can also participate in the aggregator layer as the interoperability layer that we just described. You can also participate as a local data availability cluster provider, like many of the chains which will act as validiums eventually. Like the supernet chains that are launching app chains, basically Polygon app chains that are launching those, many of those app chains need low cost data availability for them. Many of them who will not be able to afford Ethereum data availability even after 4844. Because the moment 48, 44 launches, you will have a lot of like, you know, people doing nfts and all that stuff. So it will, the cost will grow. Only few in my analysis, like few roll ups will be able to top roll ups which have high value in them. They will be able to afford that data availability, but that has to be seen. But you can play the role technically, if you wanted to play to provide this small level data availability. Once a chain grows, then you will need a global data availability like Ethereum 4844 and all that. Then fourth, you can also, you know, provide the role of, I said sequencer data will be providers and then the aggregator layer and then finally the provers. Because the way that with that now we are doing the proofs, the proofs are like single transaction based proofs. So we have the technology basically. Eventually. It's not the high priority right now, but in one and a half years we'll be able to or maybe two years we'll be able to create a decentralized layer of provers where you stake your matic token or poll token, and then participate in the network by providing the proofs for the chains. So essentially you have multiple chains and multiple roles for the users. Thats why we call it the hyper productive token. And you participate in the network, provide the security of the network, and on the returns, which we call return on work row.
Speaker B: I really like that progression, because I think it gives us a short history of the evolution of crypto networks. So you have bitcoin, which is you have zero networks to participate in, you just have the asset, you cant participate in the network. Then you have ethereum, which you have one network you can participate in one proof of stake Ethereum chain. And then you have polygon, which true to its name has a poly number of networks to participate in. You have zero progresses to one, which progresses to n n chains, poly chains to validate. And also not just that, but also not just chains, but also data availability and other services as well. I'm just reminded by the early strategy that was polygon. I'm sure this was formally emphasized as part of the strategy with the naming of polygon. The early strategy was to try all the chains, try all the strategies, all the combination of chains. And now it looks like everything has, like Ryan said, and one of the themes of this is that the convergence of the stuff that worked to converge in the right way, and then all of a sudden you have one token to validate them all. I think you guys should have called it hyper sound money, but that's just me. One thing I will say is the.
Speaker D: Upgrade of Matt want to be. Actually, we don't see that except bitcoin and ethereum. I don't think all the other tokens should have to do anything related to money.
Speaker B: Okay, that's 100%.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's interesting. Okay, so a few things maybe to draw out of this too. So just so listeners get this in their mind. Sandeep mentioned pal token. Pol token. So the matic token becomes the pal token, is that correct? We're not talking about two tokens at the same time. Matic becomes Paul. It's kind of a rebrand, if you will.
Speaker D: Basically upgrade of the token. One is to one.
Speaker B: Yeah, there is a new token because their token itself does need to evolve and become imbued with. With new features, correct?
Speaker A: Yes, but it's a one to one. So if you have one matic token, you get one pull token, is that correct?
Speaker C: Yes, but for all practical kind of purposes, it's an upgrade of a token. It's just that you have to do to the nature of Matic ERC 20 contract, which is not upgradable. You technically have to deploy a new ERC 20 contract, which is a pool. But there has to be a. The pole proposal is a part of the wider proposal for the new Polygon architecture. It's literally integral part, and it ties together and secures the whole architecture that we're proposing. And as such, it has to be accepted by the community. And if it is to be accepted by the community, matic will, for practical purposes, cease to exist. It will have no role in the polygon ecosystem. So for practical purposes, it's an upgrade.
Speaker A: David, do you know what this reminds me of? And it's kind of interesting, I guess, a few things. You mentioned poly networks, poly chains that you can validate with. It's also poly in terms of the functions it sounds like. So it's not just being a validator. You could be a sequencer, you can be a data availability provider. And it brings me back to 2018, 2019, when we were talking about the value of tokens in general. And this is right on the back of icos, we had this run up in all of these tokens, and on the back of that we realized there was no such thing really as a utility token. It was a whole bunch of futility tokens. And we had these ideas that, well, what if we create, imbue our tokens with the ability to service a network? Create work tokens, if you will, similar to maybe a taxicab medallion in New York City, where you have to have, in order to be part of the taxi network, you have to have your taxi cab medallion, and that's worth a certain amount of assets. And if you have that medallion, then you can service the New York City taxi network. Okay, well, it's so interesting to me that, like, it took us a while to get there, but here we are. This is a work token. And Sandeep called this thing a return on work, right? So if you. If you have the Matic token and later the pull token, then it gives you the license to serve some function in the network, to be a worker, be essentially. And what do you get for that? You get paid. Workers get paid in this type of a network, and that's effectively what we've created here. So sometimes I'm just struck by it's taken a few years, but like the original promises of crypto and the ideas that we've had just like take a while to play out but they eventually play out. And now we have another example of a work token to service the polygon ecosystem. It's pretty exciting.
Speaker D: Absolutely. And I think this is because this stems from the roots of crypto. Roots of crypto. We started all started with BTC and BTC was a currency or money trying to be a money and currency and every token in 20 1718 I used to see like, oh, we will have this healthcare ecosystem and our token will be the token of payment.
Speaker A: Do you remember it was a day you pay for your dental appointment in.
Speaker B: Dental coin bitcoin for dentistry.
Speaker D: So that doesn't work. Like only there can be only one or maximum two global currencies or monies and everything else. Every other token needs to have an actual stream of revenue for the end holders who are actually using that token to participate in the economic activity of the network. And then as per their work, they are rewarded with the or given the incentive in form of the transaction fees, whatever service they are providing. And that's very straightforward and clean.
Speaker B: Like actually, Sandeep, Mahalo. I've got a bone to pick with you guys. It's called Polygon, but you called it the poll token. Why didn't you call it the poly token?
Speaker D: I mean the poly, first of all, there was like, there is an existing token called polymath or something and then.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's a 20 m 17 ICO, that's forgotten. I got the airdrop. Just name it Poly.
Speaker D: And you know, we actually thought about it and then some people actually were making fun. It can be polyamorous, poly this, poly, poly networks, right?
Speaker B: It's poly, it should be poly.
Speaker D: We thought about that, but we thought that, you know, let's keep this like, again, like high quality, only three character token. We don't want to have eth, you.
Speaker A: Got bitcoin, you got Paul.
Speaker D: Exactly, exactly. Something like that. So yeah, that was also a reason.
Speaker C: But Mihalo, nothing, but that's pretty much it. There is, I believe there is some trading volume or something like that. So we didn't want to just get involved with it.
Speaker B: Okay, well walk us through the third pillar of this big upgrade, the governance framework, because I would like to submit a governance proposal to change it to.
Speaker C: There'S some decent, decent support for that. Yeah. So Polygon is obviously envisioned and is a community owned network, but with this proposal, we believe this is like with Polygon 2.0, we feel like Polygon is maturing and going to the next stage or next chapter in every aspect, right? With the architecture, with the native asset of the protocol, and with the way we really kind of facilitate that community ownership, which is the governance framework itself. Right? So there are three components of governance that we kind of identified working together with the community on this framework, and they are, first of all, protocol governance. And that is the process is comparable to interim improvement proposals. We have this process of pips, which is currently active on the PoS chain. We are just expanding it to the entirety of the Polygon 2.0 stack, basically. So it's a framework similar to also, as I said, eiPs, bitcoin improvement proposals, python improvement proposals, etcetera, IETF. So anyone is encouraged to propose an upgrade to any of the polygon protocols. There is a process of public discussion, rough consensus gathering, and if there is rough consensus that the upgrade is useful for the protocol, it's going to be included in one of the upcoming upgrades. So pretty standard things similar to what Ethereum, for example, is already doing. So that is protocol development. The second component or aspect of governance is what we call system smart contract governance. System smart contracts are smart contracts that are necessary for the polygon protocols to operate, like bridging protocols, staking smart contracts, bridging smart contracts, validation smart contracts for ZK proofs, etcetera. So any type of smart contracts that lives on Ethereum and have to be governed in some way. So if you want to upgrade these contracts, the difference with Ethereum governance is that someone has to actually execute the upgrade of the smart contract. Ethereum doesn't have that so to say issue, because there are no system smart contracts in such way. Here we have this kind of concept of multisigs or a group of entities or individuals that can actually execute these upgrades. There are, as most of the people know, significant concerns with these multisigs. So we just want to upgrade this process and make it more community involved, make it more secure, increase the standards there. And that's kind of the second aspect of the governance. We are on all these aspects, including this one. We are working quite a lot with the community, and today we published a report, actually, l two bit worked on it, and we just supported it and proudly kind of funded it on system smart contract governance across the layer two ecosystem. We want to establish the standards here to work with the community to improve these standards and to increase transparency with this kind of delicate component of layer two governance. Because we need a way, we will need a way in years to come to upgrade these system smart contracts. So we just want to make an effort to make this process as secure and community involved as possible. And the third component is this community treasury governance. So the poll proposal introduces what we call the community treasury. And community treasury is protocol funded, so self sustainable, basically support vehicle, if you will, for the polygon ecosystem. So we propose this 1% yearly emission of the poll token that will go directly to that treasury. And the treasury is community controlled, community governed. And we just, with this governance framework and proposal, we propose how the community treasury should be governed. How are we thinking about this governance? And we're also very excited about that because it further increases the decentralization of the project, gives more kind of more power to the community, and introduces kind of a perpetual support vehicle for the polygon ecosystem. As we know, both Webfree and Polygon are in this early kind of phase of intense development and early adoption. And in years to come, the ecosystem will definitely require ongoing support. And we believe this is the probably the optimal way to provide that support. So these are three components of the governance, as you can, I guess, see, it's a pretty comprehensive framework. We have worked with the community quite a lot on it, and yeah, we are very happy to see initial, very good reactions to it. We've just published it basically here at ECC the day before yesterday.
Speaker B: So this is of course Polygon's biggest upgrade ever. And it comes with the actual upgrade of the token itself. And I think the upgrading of the token, along with all of the details that we've gone through on this podcast, with the unlocking of the token to be more intimately a part of this network, complete with governance abilities, it feels like the logical conclusion of Polygon. It feels like the culmination, the completion of the projects from the original vision. Maybe there's additional, additional steps and additional upgrades and improvements, but as far as maybe to use Ethereum as an example, we are now post proof of stake with Ethereum. Post EIP 1559, we have like dank sharding, but like really left to do, but left to include. But really it feels like Ethereum from its core vision is basically complete. Is that about where you would say Polygon will be post upgrade with the upgrade from the Matic to pull and upgrade from the proof of the Zkevm, it feels like we're done ish.
Speaker D: Absolutely. I think the Polygon 2.0 vision actually is, we believe is the end game for any infrastructure provider, as I was saying, that whether Polygon implements it or somebody else implements it, but this looks to be an infrastructure or architecture which can actually resolve the infrastructure era of blockchain, not only for Polygon, but that's actually what we always believed. As you rightly said, David, that is culmination of Polygon. We always started with this thing that eventually the end of the infrastructure era of web three would be where you have a network which is infinitely scalable and is composable across the network. That way, it definitely feels like, you know, kind of the ultimate consolidated architecture, not only for Polygon 2.0, I am obviously biased, but I feel for the whole of web three, like, you know, this kind of architecture, this kind of architecture will eventually, you know, feels like, end up becoming the end game of the infrastructure era. And it's so, it's like I always keep saying that, you know, in these crypto conferences and all that, like, we will not succeed till the time, like, on the stage, it's people like me and Mihailo who are still building infrastructure and all that, and all the other protocols, like, you know, our building infrastructure, they are on stage, or they are the front faces of this, of this ecosystem, right? Whereas actually it should be the apps which are actually building useful applications for the users. They should be the heroes of this. And this will only happen when this infrastructure wars and infrastructure era is at least this stage one of this infrastructure era is over. And, you know, we have a decent enough infrastructure which can scale web three to 100 million users or even a billion users. And this definitely from our side. Mihailo, as you guys know, hes been very active in the ethereum ecosystem, and he has actually evaluated the multi sharded approach of Ethereum versus all the other multi chain approaches and scaling approaches. And I think Mihailo also, I felt confident when Mihaly also said that to me also without any bias, even if I remove, like this feels like something which doesn't look to have like any kind of. There's no dream in the Polygon 2.0 like there is. It's not like this will happen and that will happen and this kind of sequencer will come and that. It's not like it's basically pure engineering part from here. There's no research angle involved in this. Now it's all engineering optimization of these things and, you know, productionization of these things. And then we have that system ready. So that's there. And then second part, like, which is also very close to both of our hearts, is that we always told Ethereum community that, you know, all the chips, not only polygon, pos, whatever, this decentralized, these infinitely scaling block space that we will build, they all will be secured by Ethereum. And this was whole a process of last two years to reach that place where we have the viable technology which can actually prove and secure it on Ethereum, which we never believed in. Like, you know, it's going to be optimistic, optimistic approach, it has to be ZK approach. And you see already few optimistic projects already talking about the ZK proofs and all that, because it is the end game. And I think for us, for me also, personally also and for Mihailo also, that's going to be a great satisfaction that we delivered on that promise that we are not Ethereum aligned for the sake of saying because Polygon PoS is not secured by Ethereum, we are actually what we committed, we are going to deliver. And with Polygon 2.0 also what we have committed, we are going to deliver that there is absolutely no doubts about that, like the way we have shown it before, we keep doing it in the coming days.
Speaker C: Yeah, definitely. I would agree. Polygon 2.0 seems to be the end game both for Polygon and for the infrastructure, web free infrastructure. Overall, obviously we're biased, but yeah, I don't know if you have time to maybe run through, but I have been always very interested in multi chain systems, in cross chain communication, in obviously layer twos and scaling infrastructure. And if you really want to design this mainstream capable, so to say web free infrastructure, you have to have basically these three components, strongest possible security, which is the ethereum security, unlimited practical scalability and seamless interoperability. There has not been a solution that or architecture that provides all three. And we cannot identify any major concern with regards to these three properties in the architecture that we're proposing. And that's something that I really needed, basically, as I really needed such an architecture, so I can stand behind it. Sandeep and I have had. Sandeep is very focused on shipping and is pushing for acceleration of development cycles, which I completely understand and it's super important. But I have always been the one who has been prolonging this divergence process, an experimentation process. I just really needed that confidence that, okay, I can stand behind this. I am very confident that we should, as a community push towards this north Star, and we are at this point now. I am personally very, very happy and very confident that this is the right approach. And after that, I don't see practically any major upgrades being required. I think, as Sandeep said, in years to come, we will, in ideal case, just become that boring infrastructure player that is available, scalable and everyone's using it.
Speaker B: Then I think one of the most impressive things about the story of Polygon is it seems the vision was articulated so early and it was articulated I think before you guys even knew how you were going to get there. It was like the destination was known but the path there wasn't totally clear yet. And you guys just started throwing stuff at the wall to see what it worked. And fast forward three, four years later and now we're finally here. So I know Polygon has gotten its fair share of flack as we all do in the crypto space over the years. And yet you guys have committed to the vision that you set forth for yourselves very very early. And now we are finally here and I'm sure that is just a huge weight off of your shoulders because we're here. And also just I'm sure you guys are quite proud of the work that you guys have laid down. So congrats.
Speaker C: Thank you so much. To be fair this all has to be built now. But at least like there's, I believe out of Polygon 2.0 architecture I would say at least 40% is full blown built and in production. Maybe additional 30% is being built and will be basically the staking Layer. It's pretty much built. Interoperability layer is at least halfway built because aggregator is already on the way.
Speaker D: I would say. Actually I would say it's actually 70 80% built out.
Speaker C: Probably even more.
Speaker D: It's the productionization that we are doing more. This cross chain also we were just talking about it that is already there in production in the form of LXL Y bridge. But it just needs to be speeding up with this aggregator Layer. So that's the part. And that is also built. We have to decentralize actually 70 80%.
Speaker C: It would be fair to say at least. Yeah let's say you're speculating a little bit but let's say at least 60% is built in production. I think that's fair to say because execution layer is fully commoditized basically already and. Yeah, but there is still we need to tie everything together and deploy everything in production. But it's indeed huge weight of my shoulder personally because I have full confidence in this approach.
Speaker B: Yeah every time we seem to hit a finish line here in crypto it actually appears to just be another starting line. But this is the journey, right? This is what we signed up for. This is why this is so much fun. And I want to ask you guys about how Polygon fits into the layer two meta that we know today. So of course we have the op stack. For optimism is their scaling strategy for producing many, many, many chains. The ZKsync team has the ZK stack, which is of the same vein. Arbitrum now has orbits. What's the polygon chain? What are the poly chains? What can we call these things?
Speaker D: Yeah, so we actually have that super net program already, like super nets quite some time. But that super nets originally till the time ZK proofs are not there. These were all like side chains. And there are already like quite a large number of people who have developed that. Now we have the ZK proofs and like, you know, they all will be upgraded into the ZK proof. So we just, we are just calling them just for a different differentiation as ZK super nets. But we still have to package that. But I think already by the number of chains, if you see, I think it already be, it would already be, I think probably the number one or equal number one or number two with the number of people that are already building on them. And it's just that we have not combined and branded that as yet. We are approaching that in next, maybe couple of weeks, we will announce that. But on the sidelines already, people, some OG projects like IDExx recently announced a ZK supernet and Nasus pay has announced the ZK supernet and multiple, more like Aave Gotchi and this and that. Like there are multiple.
Speaker B: Immutable already has one, correct?
Speaker D: Oh yeah, immutable is like, you know, the biggest one. And I think if, you know, gaming web three gaming like immutable and polygon together, you know, are like 85% to 90% of the whole, like, you know, high quality AA AAA gaming market and, you know, immutable also completely moving from Starquare to this architecture and yeah, like, you know, there are like just too many in that sense. And we are just, we just have to combine and market that. Like, you know, we have not marketed that yet because this whole stack and deployment and everything, you know, was separated out in the last four or five weeks only. But people could use RZKVM code to launch their own chains already for quite some time.
Speaker C: Yes, the super program itself has more than 100 basically projects either in some phase of building or already deployed or whatnot. And now they just need to kind of align with this 2.0 vision that we have. And that's like for the better of each of these supernets. So we're very excited and we believe we'll see more and more of these dedicated, so to say, chains equivalent to what we have seen in Web 2.0. Right. In the earlier days of web two, this kind of shared hosting, which is basically ethereum or polygon Pos chain, where multiple applications are just deploying and using it as a shared infrared, was much more common. As web two matured, dedicated hosting or dedicated servers become kind of the norm because of increased number of users and traffic and everything. So we believe this is kind of equivalent to what we have seen there. And as applications are maturing as an industry, web three is getting more and more users. We will see more and more of these kind of dedicated servers in web three terms, which are basically Polygon supernets. And all of them will be secured by Zkhdem, plugged into the same source of liquidity and seamlessly interoperable. And yeah, that's how we view that.
Speaker A: Well, Sandeep and Mahalo, it's been great to have you on Banklist to explain what Polygon's endgame is. It looks like it's within sight here, and you guys have clearly laid out the vision today and are building that vision. So thank you so much for joining us.
Speaker C: Pleasure to be here.
Speaker A: Always Banglas Nation. The wider context for this is we are in the infrastructure build out season where all of our layer twos are getting massive upgrades. So I hope this conversation was helpful for you to learn about what's coming down the pike. A lot of ZK magic in store that is making our layer twos and our chains more decentralized. It's a very exciting time to be in crypto, although we're still in the infrastructure phase, and I'm excited to get to the future phases where we talk even more about the apps being built on top of these things. We've got some resources for you in the show. Notes. One is the Polygon roadmap that we talked about today and some tweets about the stack, about the token, about Polygon Pos and its move to ZK. But I got to end with this as we always do. None of this has been financial advice. Of course, crypto is risky defi as layer twos are, you could lose what you put in. But we are headed west. Layer twos are the new frontier. It's not for everyone, but we're glad you're with us on the bankless journey. Thank you.
