Speaker A: Welcome to bankless, where we explore the frontier of Internet money and Internet finance. And today on bankless, we are exploring the frontier of new stablecoin design. Today on the show, guy young from the Athena protocol and Arthur Hayes, inceptor of the Athena idea. Walk us through the Athena protocol and the USDE synthetic dollar. Actually not a stable coin, a synthetic dollar. Because Athena does not use dollars in a bank, there are no dollars in the Athena system. Athena is an entirely crypto native product. It uses crypto collateral, it uses crypto centralized exchanges and perp venues, but it does not use an external bank. And no one is holding dollars anywhere in the Athena system. Instead, Athena executes a delta neutral trade using perp exchanges that captures yield on both sides, yield from staked ETH as collateral on one side, and yield from the funding rates of shorting ETH on the other. People in crypto love going leverage long on crypto so much that there's typically always someone willing to pay yield to access extra capital so they can get more ETH on their ETH. Athena provides that capital by shorting ETH, accruing some fees, but they're doing it using staked ETH as collateral to create that short, creating a basis neutral trade that produces a synthetic representation of a dollar. This is an entirely new design construction of a stablecoin. Again, not actually a stable coin, it's instead a synthetic dollar. But semantics, really, that occupies a different trade off set than all of the other alternatives that we've seen out there. So in this episode, why is USD different? Why is it better than USDC or tether? Is it more aligned with the crypto industry? It requires using crypto banks, but not trad five banks. So is it still bankless? Or maybe it's just bank light. Also, towards the end of the episode, Arthur explains why he thinks that because Athena does not use United States treasuries to produce a stable coins, like how tether and circle both do, that, the us government will actually be more favorable to Athena, not less. Hot take. Hot take. Get ready to learn a lot in this episode bankless nation, because I definitely did. But before we get into the episode with Guy and Arthur, first I want to talk about some of these fantastic sponsors conversation. Excited to introduce you to Arthur Hayes, writer, trader, derivatives expert, and the originator of the idea behind Athena. Arthur, welcome back to the podcast.
Speaker B: Yo, yo, yo. Glad to be here.
Speaker A: Also with us today, Guy Young, co founder of Ethena Labs, the actual builder of the idea of Athena. Guy, welcome to the podcast.
Speaker C: Thanks for having me on, man.
Speaker A: So Athena has just been making tons of waves in the crypto space lately. USDE, which is the synthetic dollar, which is the product of the Athena protocol, is the fastest growing USD asset in the history of crypto. Just passing $2 billion. 2 billion in supply in about 100 days, Guy. First, congrats. That's huge sentiment. Vibe check. How does that feel? Like one of the fastest growing protocols in crypto history.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, I think we're obviously super pleased with the way that the team has actually executed on the idea that we had. I think we have also been very fortunate with the market timing. So I think you can have a good idea. Sometimes there's a huge amount of path dependency between a good idea and actually a good outcome. And I think we also just need to recognize that the market conditions were really set up in a perfect way for us to come to market. So, just for your listeners context, funding rates on BTC and ETH have been averaging north of 30% since the beginning of the year. And that's because people are sort of speculating to get long on ETF speculation. And so for us, that's just an incredible backdrop to bring this product in. So, yeah, I think pleased with how it's gone, but I think also recognize a huge role that luck played in the whole thing.
Speaker A: Yeah. So talking about the funding rates, we'll open up the door to actually explain how this product, this not stable coin, is different from what other bankless are familiar with. DAi is a stable coin, USDC is a stable coin. But we don't really call USDe a stable coin, we call it a synthetic dollar. And this idea kind of goes back to just how USDe is generated in the first place, which first it was generated as an idea from, like, an article, I believe, that, Arthur, you wrote way back in the day, can you explain this? The inception of this idea of the synthetic dollar, of USD, how this thing comes to be and why it's not a stable coin.
Speaker B: So basically, it goes even back before bitmex was even created, the first futures exchange in crypto called icy bit, I think it was two russian dudes sitting in Caribbean somewhere, and they created a bitcoin margined inverse futures contract. And what makes that interesting is that your margining the contract, the bitcoin us dollar price in the home currency, bitcoin. And so that is different than, say, what maybe people are very familiar with today, which is a tether margin bitcoin us dollar USDT contract, because you're providing tether as the collateral. And so how you construct that is it's actually an exponential or inverse function, one over x. And which means that if I'm short this futures contract, or now perpetual swap, the amount of bitcoin that this swap is worth goes up as the price goes down, and the amount of bitcoin that this product is worth goes down as the price goes up. So essentially what that means is, if I am long bitcoin and I'm short one of these contracts, and the price of bitcoin goes to infinity. I cannot be liquidated if I'm fully collateralized on the exchange, which is very important. So what does that mean? If I've combined bitcoin or Ethereum and a bitcoin us dollar inverse contract, or Ethereum US dollar inverse contract, I've essentially created a synthetic dollar, because it's worth $1 of bitcoin at any price. And so when you construct this, then essentially you're capturing a funding rate or an interest rate, whether it's variable, fixed, depending on it's a perp or a futures contract in this derivative. And you can essentially farm that, or arbitrage that, or whatever the verb you want to use to describe that. And so people have been doing this, and I've called this cash and carry in many blog posts over the many years I've been writing since I got started in crypto back in 2013. This is the first thing that I did when I discovered bitcoin, is I went on iCBIT, I bought bitcoin and Mt. Gox, I shorted a futures contract, and I earned, I think it was, at the time, 200% to 300% per annum funding rates, essentially. Now, obviously, that's come down a lot since then. In 2016, at Bitmex, we invented the perpetual swap, which gave a variable funding rate. And that's what. It's the most popular traded product in crypto history. However, many trillions have been traded across all the major exchanges. And I've written many times over that, essentially, what you're doing by doing this cash and carry strategy is creating synthetic dollars. And over the many years that I've been in crypto, I've always fantasized that, okay, well, tether and now circle and some of these other stable cores are super successful, but they're very dependent on the us banking system. So if the US banking system, for whatever reason, doesn't want to use a lot of these people to bank with them, then guess what? No more tether, no more circle. And so, why don't we use a synthetic dollar that's created inside the crypto ecosystem itself as this dollar, if you want to call it that, that people can go into when they don't want to be into a crypto risk. And so that's kind of where the synthetic dollar concept came from. Guy, obviously, read a dust on crust post that I wrote in March of 2023. I met Guy and the team in August of the same year when they were just starting out with Athena, and I was like, wow, this is great that you guys are executing on this. And obviously, they've done an amazing job since then.
Speaker A: Maybe to explain a little bit more just how this whole thing works, we can go back to middle school algebra, right? And you have two equations on different sides of the equal sign. And since your collateral that you're using, be it bitcoin or ether, is the same thing that you are shorting on the other side of the equation, you can just cancel out parts of the equation, and then once you're done canceling out, you are left with $1 on both sides of the equation. And so this is how the synthetic word comes into play here, but also how the collateral is only crypto. So I think, really, the thing you are really emphasizing, Arthur, is, like, a, you produce a synthetic dollar, but b, you don't actually use any dollars. There's no banks involved here. There's no. There's no dollars inside of a bank. In the banking system. Uh, you are actually using either bitcoin or ether, uh, to make this, um, uh, make this, uh, synthetic dollar happen. Uh, and you just are both longing and shorting ether, or longing and shorting bitcoin. And as a result, a dollar is left on the table. Can you also just, like, double click into, like, why you are actually receiving money as a result of that? So, like, there's this thing called funding rates. People are borrowing money to go long. How do you actually make money from that, rather than actually. Instead of paying fees? Because I think, intuitively, people are like, oh, you have to pay fees to go long. So, when we were doing this margin trade to cancel out the collaterals on both sides of the equation, why do you actually accrue fees? Rather than paying fees?
Speaker B: Essentially, in crypto, you essentially are selling fiat to buy crypto, bitcoin, ethereum, what have you. Right. And so, to get the fiat into the system, you have to take counterparty risk on the exchanges. So I have a dollar that outside of the system in tradfi, I need to have a dollar inside of the crypto exchange ecosystem to go and buy some, some crypto. Right now. Obviously, as we know, there's very high counterparty risk with the various exchanges. They've gone under, they've gotten hacked, and all sorts of things have happened. And so there's a reticence for people to provide dollar funding inside of crypto. But there's an insane demand, because bitcoin is probably the best performing asset in human history in terms of its price performance from the genesis block in 2009 until the present. And so there's a bias towards I should be long bitcoin, because it's going to go to something less than infinity, but it can only go down to zero, and fiat's being debased. So therefore, on a forward basis, I expect bitcoin to go up, and it's more profitable to be long. So I'm willing to pay a very high interest rate, because the bitcoin volatility and its past price performance and my expectation of the future tell me that I should go long bitcoin. And if I pay 30, 40, 50, 60% per annum in cost of interest to get that leverage, I still make money on a long term basis. And so that's why there's this insane demand. It's lack of trust of people who hold a lot of dollars outside of crypto to put them into crypto exchanges, and an insane demand from long speculators who have seen that over time, the best strategy is to just go long bitcoin or ETH, or some of these assets. Therefore, they're willing to pay a high rate. That's where this funding comes from. So if you're willing to say, I'm going to supply synthetic dollars to the system, because, remember, how do you get bitcoin in the first place? As an arbitrageur, you borrow or sell dollars in tradfi, or you bring it to the exchange, you buy some bitcoin, and then you hedge out that bitcoin dollar risk by selling a perp or a futures contract. So you are placing these dollars, you're taking this risk as a trader, and you're. And you want to get compensated for it, and your compensation is the funding rate. But obviously, on the upside, you give up the upside price appreciation of crypto, which is why, as the price of crypto goes up, ia as an arbitrage, or expect to get paid more in terms of funding. And so it's a pro cyclical effect, and that's what guy was talking about in the beginning. This is a great time to launch a product like this, because he has, you know, 30 to 60 or 70% APY on this variable rate product, versus five and a half percent that you get on treasuries or any sort of other RWA type asset in crypto. So it's a very favorable time because the market is in a bull market mode.
Speaker A: And so just to really make sure I understand this, so I've got one bitcoin, and that's my collateral, and I'm not paying fees or receiving fees on that collateral. But then I go also go short bitcoin. And because everyone is paying to go leverage long, that is inverted on the short side. And so that's where you collect the fees, because you are actually collecting fees by going short, by like taking the other side of the trade, is that right?
Speaker B: Correct. You're providing the leverage to the system by giving up that upside return, and in return, you're getting a very high interest rate.
Speaker A: And then, guy, how does that actually become a token? We have this trade and you have this synthetic dollar, but how does the synthetic dollar actually turn into a token on Ethereum?
Speaker B: Guy?
Speaker C: Yeah, so the infrastructure that we built on Ethereum is essentially just a front end, and it's a pretty simple contract that's just taken through assets. So it can be Ethan, liquid staking tokens or dollars. And essentially it's sending it through to institutional grade custodians where the actual assets are held. And as it's coming through our min contract, essentially the off chain infrastructure that's been built is automating a hedge against the collateral that's just come through. Once you get confirmation that the hedge has actually been executed, you can obviously issue USD in return, less execution fees, which are actually charged to the user who's actually doing the mint and redeem. You can think about that conceptually similar to the ten basis points fee that tether charges for every single mint and redeem that you see coming out of tether. But yeah, that's a basic idea where once you have confirmation of the collateral that's come into our system and is being held in the backend, has actually been hedged, then you can issue the USD on the other side. And the way that that pricing mechanism works on chain is that whenever there's a discrepancy of the price of USde versus other stable assets, whether it's in a curve pool or somewhere else, an arbitrage has basically an incentive to come to Armint and redeem, and either bring us new collateral, or actually just redeem from the protocol by buying USD below $1. So if you look at the price chart of USD, it's held a pretty consistent tight, sort of like peg around one. And that's just because of the album mechanism that sort of sat there in Beth.
Speaker A: I think this construction has really tied people's brains in a knot at times, just because it's so different from what people expect. Like, we have these like fully endogenous stablecoins in Dai and frax, right, which is just. It's just completely internal to the crypto space. And then we have the fully exogenous stable coins, like USDC and tether, which is literally actual dollars held in actual external bank accounts. And then this one kind of like, is a, kind of transcends both where it's highly endogenous in the sense that it uses our native crypto assets as collateral to, uh, produce this synthetic dollar. Right. It comes, the value of USDE comes out of ETH and BTC, or produced by the value of our crypto, native assets. But you also need these centralized venues where these perps are traded. But they're not. They're not external banks. Right. They're not banks in the tradfi world. They're actually like crypto exchanges, uh, with, with also a crypto custodian. So we do, we are using like centralized counterparties, but we aren't using external banks. Can you just elaborate on this point a little bit and how it's just unique and different from other alternatives?
Speaker C: Yeah, sure. So on the endogeneity point, just to be 100% clear here, and the governance token and that kind of stuff has absolutely zero role to play within USD itself. Unlike the biggest blow up we obviously saw with Luna, I think actually the best way to conceptualize this is it doesn't actually look that different to make a CDP with ETH on the top. It's just instead of you having to put up $2 of ETH collateral with a stable that's issued at like one dollars versus the $2 of collateral, you're basically just putting up $1 of ETH collateral, hedging it, and then issuing the stable unit on the other side. The reason that you can do that is because you're hedged while with Maker. You obviously need to have that buffer, because if you have a limit down in the price, you just need to have a buffer so that you don't become sort of insolvent. So it doesn't actually look that different from a CDP. I just think it's a much more efficient, like much more capital efficient CDP. So I think that's like the simplest explanation in terms of how you can think about the backing that's actually sitting behind it. And then, yeah, I think to the point that you're making around like banking system versus our system. This is really cool in terms of what I actually found interesting about Arthur's article, which was you're not actually trying to create something that's perfectly decentralized. We're not walking around pretending that we are. I think we're pretty honest in terms of the trade offs that we are making, that there is centralized touchpoints here. Really the core piece that you're trying to solve for here is actually just moving collateral outside of the US banking system, essentially, which is like the core piece that we see we're trying to solve for here, where fundamentally crypto as a system is actually there to try and I guess undermine existing legacy systems. I guess it's literally in the name of your show. While even though it does touch centralized entities within crypto, these are people that want crypto to succeed. This is exchanges and custodians that are in our system rather than the one that's outside. And that was really, I think, the nuance there where I think that that diversification is actually useful to some people. Because one of the issues that we saw when SVB went down in March 23 was that we realized that we had really no alternative because every single stable asset had the exact same risk exposure sitting behind it. So if you remember, DAi and fracs actually traded down with USDC on that weekend and they all went sub 90. That's because Mark was actually looking at that and saying, I can look through and understand that the custodial risk here is exactly the same because DAI is just backed with USDC and so is fracs. And so we didnt have any alternative over that weekend where any exchange or anything could function because USDC had gone below a dollar. And so im not saying that its better or worse to have your collateral within the us banking system or crypto. We just think that there is value in having that diversification where if you can actually do this at scale and size, it is quite useful to have an alternative.
Speaker A: Yeah, because a lot of the value, the value of USCC comes endogenously from BTC, from ETh. Like the tradfi banking system. We don't actually care what happens over there until the point where it actually affects the value of BTC and ETh, which I'm sure it were, if there were some cataclysmic event in the world of tradfi, it's going to impact crypto prices, but it's crypto prices that impact USDe. Nothing, uh, whatever's going, whatever shenanigans is happening in, in the tradfi world. So there is some, like, like, nice, um, uh, nuance about, like, it's actually a complete, uh, severance from the traditional banking system. I want to pull up, um, the famous, uh, um, uh, stablecoin trilemma here and just to really kind of drive this point home. So USDC from circle and USDT from tether are like completely centralized stable coins. There is a single entity behind these things in addition to, like, all their banking partners. And so, like, while USD from Athena does use centralized venues for being a custodian and also for actually trading the perps, there's actually not one centralized venue that USCC is beholden to. So, like, on the whole scale of, like, how decentralized is it? Like, while it does require centralized parties, it doesn't require any one centralized party. Uh, can you talk about just like, the position of USD on this, like, whole stablecoin trilemma? And just for listeners who aren't familiar with the stablecoin trilemma, this is famous trilemma about how you build a stable coin. You can pick two of three things. One is decentralization. One is scalability, as in how much supply of stablecoins there is. And then the third is the peg. How well do you hold the peg? And the meme here is you can only pick two. Guy, where would you position USA on the stablecoin trilemma?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think we see a lot of trilemmas within crypto. And I think that usually just invented to put in pitch decks to pretend you're like, solving something with stablecoins is actually very real. This is actually quite a real trilemma. And I think that USD doesn't solve this entire thing is the honest answer. I think there's a bit of nuance, actually, if you jump into each of these items where, yes, USD is more scalable than stuff like CDP's, because as we know, the CDP's are tied to the ultimate demand for leverage. And that's why you've seen projects like Makerdao eventually expand to adding USDC and rwas and all that kind of stuff, which I think is a perfectly fine thing to do. But we acknowledge that sort of the design of having wonderful collateral coming in versus having to over collateralize it just makes this a lot more scalable than purely CDP based designs. Having said that, it's nowhere near as scalable as Leica tether, where you can think about that as infinitely scalable, where you have more than enough treasuries to satisfy the demand to grow tether. And so I think the answer there is it's not infinitely scalable, but definitely scalable enough to get really large within crypto. And so I think the honest answer there is that it's always sitting between the extremes. And I think that that applies across all of these things here, where, no, it's not a liquidity, where it's perfectly decentralized. But guess what? Nothing else within the stable coin issuer space is anywhere near decentralized when you think about the entities that are controlling the collateral in the back. So again, I don't see ourselves on the extreme of having bonds within the US banking system, and I don't see ourselves anywhere near liquidity. It's operating within that middle ground. And I think that sort of applies to each of those three pieces of the trilemma.
Speaker A: Yeah. Would you characterize Athena and USA as just a middle ground stablecoin? It's not super decentralized, but it's not centralized either. It's not maximally scalable, but it is also pretty damn scalable, at least on a one to one basis. You actually don't lose any value from your ether. So it's kind of like a middle ground synthetic dollar that kind of picks a goalie lock zone between a bunch of different trade offs.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's exactly right. I think it's also just my approach with this kind of stuff generally. I think within crypto, you sometimes get founders who are really idealistic around these ideas of decentralization and sort of working towards them. And then you get more practical people who are sort of just saying, let's actually build a product that's useful first, and then walk back towards some of those ideals. I obviously think that's incredibly important for things like the actual base layer, like Ethereum, but I think that the application layer is just less important on some of these items, where I think sometimes you can see a bit of theatrics around the decentralization. So from my perspective at least, I've always found it more important to just really solve for pragmatism and actually producing something that's useful and really narrowing in on the qualities that you actually do want to retain. And I think for us, that was just defining no collateral within the banking system so that it looked actually different in the risk profile. Then I think the other piece that we're really solving for is thinking about what is it that users actually want to use a stable for. I think tether has won the game, and it's an incredibly fortuitous position that they're in in terms of the value that they can extract, where they are actually money. On centralized exchanges, that is very difficult to go and unseat that for us, we saw a niche where we think that we can produce the highest return on a dollar like asset within crypto. And we think that is actually a fundamentally very powerful thing to be able to produce, where we see money as the killer app. And if you can produce the highest yield on a dollar, the demand for that isn't like a billion dollars, it's like north of 20. And so that's just really the niche that we're sort of focusing on at the moment to try and win.
Speaker A: So with all of these stablecoins, there's two systems here. There's the production and the distribution of the actual stablecoin USDA in being held by people being used in defi, just like the actual product of the stablecoin. And then on the other side, there's the engine that produces it. And this engine is the novel thing that everyone is trying to focus on and learn about in Athena. On the maker side of things, it's all of the vaults and all of the acceptable collateral and all that stuff. With the Athena side of things, it's the delta neutral perp. All these margin positions that are delta neutral. Can you talk about when someone comes and deposits their ether into Ethereum arena, and then in the future, we're going to talk about the roadmap in the future, bitcoin. Whose hands does that go into? How does that end up on which exchange? Who is actually doing the trading? Can you illuminate the back end of what's going on here with the actual production of the stablecoin?
Speaker C: Yeah, sure. It looks actually very similar to the way that circle set themselves up with approved parties or market makers who are the only people doing the mint and redeem. It's the same way that ETF's work in the real world where you're kycing and you really know who the individuals are who are actually interacting with the mint and redeem contract itself. But then all of the external demand to either create or destroy the unit of account basically comes from just external trading. To Athena. The Athena front end is actually extremely simple. It's basically just routing any user who's coming on there into curve pool or Uniswap pool on the side, if you just think of the flow of funds, you've got like a million dollars coming through as a buy into USDE, the price of USDE will go up to like one two basis points above a dollar. And now a market maker has an incentive to bring us collateral mint USDE, and then sell it down to sort of close out that arbitrage. And so we haven't actually got like any, call it non KYC, non like known users to us actually interacting with Athena. That's all happening in external markets. And we basically just have like approved parties just making sure that the price is prices in line, basically, with, with our minimum beam.
Speaker A: Okay, guy, you said certain privileged parties are able to go and actually arb out the difference between USA on curve and elsewhere. Can you go a little bit more into detail on that? So there are privileged parties in this system. So there's a notion of a white list. How is that whitelist managed? Who are these parties? And again, just double click on what their role is.
Speaker C: Yeah, as I mentioned, it's exactly the same way that a normal stable coin issue like a circle or tether would have just mark them makers who sort of KYC'd and Kybed to actually interact with us. So it's the same sort of market making names that you would have seen and sort of know within crypto. Can't fully disclose their names just for privacy, but there's sort of like five of them who are interacting direct with Athena. And just the basic idea here is that a, it's obviously helpful to just know who your counterparties are on the other side from just like a risk and compliance perspective. But then aside from that, it's actually more of a risk control, actually, for Athena in general, where you can think of this mint and redeem as basically the most sensitive piece of the entire architecture, because you're essentially minting USD for collateral that's coming in. If you've mispriced that collateral by ten points, that's a loss to the protocol. Basically. If that ever does happen with a market maker that's on the other side, that's a great thing, because you can go to them and say there was an issue, can we have our money back typed? Discussion. If this was fully opened up to the public and any unknown counterparty could be there in doing that, that obviously becomes a bit of an issue for security for all users because you don't have that callback option as well. There were multiple pieces as to why we thought that that made sense. That's the basic role that they play there as well.
Speaker A: Is there in the future a possibility that this whitelist goes away? Is this a guarded launch, or is this going to be a feature that's going to be part of Athena forever?
Speaker C: I don't think it makes a lot of sense. And I think we're obviously touching different pieces of infrastructure at the background where you just have a higher level of regulatory compliance and general requirements to be able to do KYC and that stuff. So I don't really see a vision where you actually move more lax. I think the world is actually moving in the opposite direction on that front, but, yeah, I don't see that changing in the near term.
Speaker A: Okay, so these market makers, and there are some pretty common market makers, I'm sure if you are familiar with the market makers in crypto, probably guess who these people are. They are giving Athena the protocol collateral ether in the future, bitcoin. And then Athena is giving them back usde. And then they are going and arbitraging out in Defi to help maintain the peg, because this is what market makers do. What does Athena then do with that collateral? This is the collateral that ultimately goes and produces the actual synthetic dollar. And talk about what Athena does with a collateral.
Speaker C: Yeah, sure. So that's kind of the whole system the core contributors have actually built. So it's an automated system where you're basically showing a price to the market makers. It's a bit like an RFQ system where ETH is arriving, or liquid staking tokens, or USDT. We're basically showing market makers a price to say, this is where we can accept that collateral, and then go and hedge on the other side to make sure that you're delta neutral with the collateral that's coming through. And all our system is basically just doing is constantly showing prices to market makers to say, we're willing to accept this collateral at this price, and then it's their job to basically say, relative to where Athena showed me this price, does it make sense to go and trade within an Amm and bring the collateral in? At a very basic level, we're either taking through ETH is just one example. It's coming through and then automatically being hedged on the backend on one of the centralized venues. The venues that we're sitting on are transparently shown on the dashboard that we have on the app. So it's the five largest derivative venues in crypto, which account for more than 95% of open interest, were sort of plugged into. And then we do also accept USDT that comes through and then that sort of unlocks what we can do with bitcoin, where essentially you want to avoid having to have complications around wrapped bitcoin and all of the slow block times and all those different pieces where you basically can accept USDT through on Ethereum. And then instead of just executing a hedge leg, you basically doing a spot buy of bitcoin, and then hedging on the other side in the backend. So theres like a double leg to the BTC part. But that just makes it a lot more ergonomic for us to actually deal with bitcoin as an asset and still deliver the product on Ethereum.
Speaker A: Okay, so it's actually Athena that's taking inbound collateral, and then going and executing the perp trade on five different venues, which represents 95% of all the volume. And so there is some notion of decentralization there, that there's actually five different venues. And so how do you actually weight the choice of where to actually put the collateral? Is it just like volume weighted per venue?
Speaker C: Yeah, at a very basic level, we just want to reflect what the market looks like, so we can measure it by open interest. That is, how many outstanding contracts are there on each of these venues? And it doesnt make sense for us to be 80% of Athena sitting on a venue where theres 10% market share. Very basic constraints like that. And then really, the optimization is basically just saying, given the fact that you have these constraints around the open interest, where is funding most attractive for us to actually send the assets? So if funding is 45% on one venue and 20 on another, it obviously makes sense to go and hit the contract that you paid. 45. And so, in effect, Athena is actually providing a pretty interesting service, I think, to the market, which is kind of like bringing all these things that are totally dislocated and have been for so many years in line, and actually bringing it closer together. And as Athena and USD do grow, I think one of the interesting byproducts of our growth is actually it reduces the cost of leverage within the system pretty dramatically. So this interest rate is obviously going to come down through time. That is the observation of Athena. And what we think is the interesting opportunity here is that you should not be getting paid 30, 40, 50% for an unlimited cash and carry. That number, I think should be closer to ten, to twelve. And in the process of bringing those interest rates in line, we think someone's going to create a lot of value delivering that service. Yeah, I think it's going to be quite interesting to see the second order impact, which is traders who were not interested in longing at 30% or 40% funding rate might be interested to do it at ten. And that has a really interesting flywheel of growing the derivative market through time.
Speaker A: Yeah, Arthur, maybe you could actually continue this conversation. I find that pretty interesting. You've seen the rise of perks in crypto since the very genesis. And I'm assuming this market has been one of the most inefficient markets that we've seen in crypto. Just like with insanely high funding rates and also the crazy dislocation across different venues, how have you seen that arc of just maturity in the funding rate markets over the arc of Crypto's time? And what are you hoping? Can you just elaborate on guy's points and what Athena could do to this? And what would it significantly mean to external players who are coming in and looking at the opportunities in crypto? How would it change their perspective on what they could do in the crypto industry?
Speaker B: So, I mean, if you buy into this whole institutionalization of crypto, because different types of traffic muppets can now buy Larry finks bags through Blackrock, then obviously they're going to want to trade derivatives, whether it's through an investment bank or some other sort of strategy. And there's a very valid concern of, well, okay, I got a big portfolio. Can bitcoin, can ether, can these assets handle my size? The open interest isn't large enough because my size is, liquidity isn't large enough. Yeah, exactly. And so if we're able to grow open interest because more people are willing to speculate, because it's not a 50% APY now it's ten or 20, whatever the number is, it's lower. And there's this other entity that is waiting in the wings to hoover up any, I guess, above average returns in terms of funding by selling perps, selling futures contracts, growing the open interest, allowing more people to go along at a cheaper rate, then you could see more people from the tradfi trading shops, like, oh, I can trade in these crypto markets now because there's a big open interest. And this is the kind of size that I like to trade. I don't want to be over a certain percentage of our markets open interest, whether it's long or short. And so you see the maturation of the market and more trading volume coming to it, because you have now a big supply of synthetic dollars in the system, because for whatever reason, tri five people don't trust putting their money on centralized crypto exchanges. But Athena and people inside the ecosystem are perfectly happy to take that risk, provide that leverage, provide those synthetic dollars to the system, and thus reduce the cost of trading at least the cost of leverage for the ecosystem and hopefully grow the overall derivatives market. So I think the success of Athena in terms of popularizing a strategy that has been going on since I was been in crypto, but just making it very easy in a well packaged form for somebody, literally just like, hey, I sold this meme coin, I made a bunch of synthetic dollars. Instead of getting paid fuck all with tether and circle, maybe I can get paid 30%. Let me just go buy some USD, stake it, sit on it for a bit. When I'm ready to go back into the market, not only have I earned a return, but now I can take my extra money that I have and I can go buy some more crypto. And guess what? It's a little bit cheaper to do. So if I was going to do it on a leverage basis because of what Athena has been able to bring to the market. So I think it just gives people a different way of trading that's a little bit more optimized, that hopefully brings more income into their pockets and we get more people trading these products.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think just to expand on Tradfi's unwillingness to actually come in and do this at size, I do think actually what happened with FTX was a big piece for them last cycle, where a lot of people got set up, and then that happened and they just went cold on the entire space. But there's actually structurally, I think a more interesting difference actually, this cycle versus what we saw last cycle, which is, if you remember all of the CFI lending platforms and Celsius blockfi, all those type of entities, the very basic flow of funds that was occurring there for dollars was show an interest rate of whatever, 6%, 8% to retail that would come in, and then they'll go and lend that to a hedge fund on the other side who might be going and doing the exact same thing on the cash and carry. So the hedge fund would borrow at eight and then go and do this at like 20% plus on the other side. Those centralized, like lending platforms were obviously decimated in the last cycle, and they have not actually returned at any meaningful size. And this wasn't like a few billion dollars of capital, it was like tens of billions of dollars of capital that was sort of missing there. And I think the one other piece, which was just an interesting comment that Arthur made, which I think is actually quite true this cycle is that tradfi made the mistake last cycle of choosing to do the basis trade, because the moment that the cash and carry is the most interesting, when you get paid 30 or 40%, theres a very real reason for why thats the case. Its because BTC and ETh are moving like crazy. And so when funding was crazy at 60% in the last few months, it was still logically the right thing to do to be completely long BTC and ETH, because it doubled going into January. I do actually think that Tradfi learned the lesson last cycle, which is 30% to 50% interest rate. Isn't that interesting when the underlying asset is going to two or three x in the next few months? And they basically just chose to be rich like this cycle, which means that that capital is not here to do the same thing.
Speaker A: Interesting, interesting. Okay. But there's always the marginal dollar that's not in crypto yet. This is why we're all in crypto, because we're trying to all front run the marginal dollars coming into the industry. And so I think the yield that is being provided on these familiar and cozy and comfy venues to external players, which are decentralized exchanges where these products are being offered, that is, I'm guessing the first step through the door. For a lot of crypto skeptics who still understand that there's a lot of money to be made. The very easiest thing that they could be doing is they could go and get some aggressive to them, perceived aggressive yields being offered by the perp markets. Uh, and what, um, Athena is doing is they, it is like scaling out the total amount of like dollar, dollar value being paid to people supplying, uh, money into these yield products. And so, like, it's actually making. And so Athena is making these markets more efficient from the internal side of things. Uh, and then when you see like, uh, external players looking at the crypto space, they are seeing like a very dependable, stable, high supply of dollars being paid to people paying for these funding rates. I think the point this is making, this is just expanding the pipe of capital coming into the crypto world through the venue of supplying capital into the funding rates, allowing for people to go margin long or short. Bitcoin even better. Is that right?
Speaker B: Yeah, I guess the further thing I would add is the Athena product actually makes a lot of sense for a tradfi muppethe who wants to earn a high dollar return, but doesn't want to like, get set up on an exchange, understand the API, understand the liquidation rules, understand all of deleveraging, understand how this product actually works. Yes, they could do this trade themselves. Athena's obviously taking a cut of that interest income that they're generating and passing it on to government. It's their governance token pool. But at the same time, like, if you say, okay, I can make five and a half on treasuries, or there's this crypto yield of 30%, and all I need to do is basically wire some dollars into the system and go on curve and buy some USD, stake it, and that's all. I'm done. Or I could go through KYC, an exchange, open up an exchange, send the money in, buy the bitcoin, sell the futures contract, watch my liquidation price, monitor my collateral. Like, all the different things that you have to do to do this trade correctly and to not lose money, it's just way easier to do it with Athena. And sure, you're paying them, I don't know, was it ten or 20% in terms of fee to do that, but you're a muppet. You don't really understand finance anyways. You guys have a job because you went to the right school and wear a suit. So why not just make triple your interest income and trade with Athena?
Speaker C: I think one of the things just to add to that is, and people do ask us the whole time, just thinking around, why don't I do it myself? I think a really good analogy here is actually just Lido and staked eth. You can go and stake your eth yourself, but people don't do that. There's $30 billion of capital that are sitting in lido, which has just made that easy in a token. It's actually not. I really think about the ease of use. I think it's actually what it unlocks. And what's actually interesting about crypto, and for me personally, around Defi, which is when you tokenize it, it becomes an interesting asset to then compose with the rest of Defi all of the stuff that you're seeing with maker and AavE and all these different multi billion dollar money markets scrambling to find a way to squeeze out return from this. That is not possible with just some rando doing the trade themselves, because you've actually tokenized it, and now you have an ability to borrow against the asset from the rest of DeFi. Now, this opens up a whole new world of what's going to happen with interest rates and DeFi, when you can borrow at 10% and the perp funding rate is at 30 you could start creating all of these new interest rate differential type trades that you can start doing between DeFI and CFI. Another idea here is even collateral on centralized exchanges. So theres $20 billion of tether demand where the only use is just putting it down to marginal linear perpetual. If youre getting paid 0% interest rate on the collateral that you put down, its a pretty big deal to the largest trading firms in the space to say you can get paid on the collateral that you're actually putting down to trade it. Perv. It's like tens of millions of dollars of foregone interest revenue that they could have had a year. And so yes, people can do it themselves. That's not actually what's interesting about Athena. As Arthur said, the trade's been around for ten years. There's nothing interesting about the trade itself. What's interesting is when you make the token, make it liquid and composable with other things, and then really push the BD to get into interesting places, that's actually where the interesting piece starts to come out.
Speaker A: A lot of what we've been talking about is really the supply side of this whole system, as in like, why is their interest in actually producing the USDE stablecoin? Everyone wants the yield. It's a simpler product. You don't have to think so hard. It's just passive yield. Let the Athena protocol do all the hard work for you. But what about the net buyers of USDE from the demand side of things? It's like the demand to use the synthetic dollar. Is that materially different from Dai or USDC or tether? Inside of defi? What would the demand profile? Is there any difference here? Or is it just at the end of the day, just another stable coin? I know this is not a stable coin, but from the end user, it just might as well be, right?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think one thing that does actually look quite unique here is actually just the pieces that you're getting to around tradfi, potentially finding this interesting. I was quite surprised by the type of entities from tradfi that could actually get their arms around this and actually came in with reasonable size to use the product. So part of the growth that you've seen recently is actually a lot of these entities that sit outside of crypto, basically at a very basic level, cannot leave their assets sitting within a smart contract. It's just a step part too far beyond what they're actually used to, because the underlying assets are actually sitting within institutional grade custodians. With Athena, that is actually custodians that they use day to day to actually house their assets normally. I know that that doesn't appease normal Defi purists and that's obviously something that I find interesting about smart contract around the non custodial nature of it. But actually for external people to the system, that's actually a huge selling point that you can actually keep it within these custodians that they use every day. So one thing that does look different here is that it's pretty large tickets from people outside of crypto coming in, and then large trading firms within crypto itself as well. I do think there's also just one interesting development in the last year or so is that users can actually express a bit more of a risk preference now with stable assets than they could before. Before is just like USDC and USDT with no yield. Then Dai sort of introduced SDAI midway through 23 where you could get a bit of a yield, bit of a different risk profile and complexion. And now you're really getting a whole menu of options for dollar based returns where you might like the idea of an RWA. It sort of feels safer. At five, you've got Athena that's on the other end, and now all of these other stable coin issuers like a Frax or a daiden, are now choosing what composition of basically RWAs and Athena's product that they're going to be using for their own backing. And so I do think it is quite interesting now that users have a bit more of an expressive risk choice to say, where do I want to sit on that spectrum and actually capture yield on dollars?
Speaker A: Yeah, but in the Athena roadmap, there's no notion of trying to build out payments using us as a stable coin or synthetic dollar. You all dont really care about payments. This is more of a collateral savings type product, correct?
Speaker C: Yeah, im just very strongly of the view youve got to pick which segments of the market you actually want to go and win and then make sure you do that. Are we ever going to be the same as a paypal who are trying to do the same thing or a USDC thats been around for however many years and sitting there with regulators in the US and making sure that it looks as clean as possible? We're never going to be viewed in the same light as them. And that's a battle that I'm happy for them to go and fight over. We don't see the fintech payments type angle as interesting and we're just solving for a much more narrow, specific crypto native use case.
Speaker B: Yeah. As a trader, obviously I go in and out of when I'm on my liquid trading position, stables and crypto quite often. And what I like about Athena, obviously I have a position in the governance token, so I like it for that reason. But as somebody who holds stable coins for indeterminate periods of time while I'm waiting to go into another trade, because obviously I don't want my capital to leave crypto and do that pain in the ass, I want to earn something for that. I know that fucking tether and circle are making billions of dollars a year in interest income off of me, and I'm getting nothing for that. There's no tether governance token, there's no circle governance token. What the fuck? So I think that I should be compensated for my capital as well. And I think that's what Athena does. And obviously there's going to be other products that do the same, that are of the same ethos that like, I'm the client, I'm making you money, yet I receive nothing in return, and I can't even own a part of your protocol. And so I think that as traders, and that's how tether essentially started, right? It was a product for traders, it was. I don't want to leave the crypto ecosystem with dollars, but I also don't want to be in crypto risk at the same time. I know that guy is trying to be very focused on what it is he's trying to solve, but let's not forget how these monstrosities of companies and protocols started. It was doing a very useful service for traders who needed this at the time. I think that this product is speaking to the trading ecosystem. Who needs a product that earns a yield while they're waiting for the next dog with hat or meme coin to ape into? So definitely is a payments function. Maybe it's not. I'm going to go buy a cup of coffee with my USD, but I'm certainly willing to sit on it for a while, earn some yield before I go back into more risky positions.
Speaker A: Yeah, super interesting useful perspective. I wouldn't really call any of that really payments, but what are traders interested in? They're interested in making money, right? And so this is really about like, making sure they are optimizing is an optimization product as like when you, if you're a trader, you're not always going to be exposed to bitcoin and ether. Sometimes you're going to elect to choose to be exposed to the dollar. Uh, but when you have a menu of dollars available to you. Uh, like when you are not being exposed to bitcoin and ether, you might as well try and accrue as much dollars as possible. Uh, and because that's, that's why you're exposed to bitcoin and ether. It's like you're trying to, like, deny if you're denominating in dollars. Ultra Arthur, I know you denominator nominate in energy barrels of oil. Barrels of oil, yeah. But still nonetheless, using dollars as an anchor here. When you are exposed to dollars, you might also be trying to accrue as many dollars as possible. So that perspective to me, just definitely doubles down on, well, actually USD is a store of value, and it's actually the best dollar denominated store of value that crypto has been able to produce by and large, that has the strongest yields. And also it's yields that are generated again in dollar endogenously. And so, like, I think, like, people are still, like, getting their heads wrapped around this whole, like, Athena thing, which isn't totally decentralized. And so, like, don't call it a decentralized stable coin, but it's still like an endogenous endogenous to the crypto world. So it's like yield produced by the crypto world, yield recaptured by the crypto world, and, like, value that stays inside of, like, the borders of the crypto universe. So it's very much like an internally produced product for our own internal use cases.
Speaker C: Yeah. And I think even just comparing it to an RWA, no one wakes up in the real world and says, I'm going to go buy an RWA on chain and put net new dollars into crypto to sit on chain. It's just like that type of product sitting there is for crypto people who can't be asked to take their money out of crypto and actually just go do it themselves in the real world. Right. And so all of the other, like, dollar based yields that you see coming through with these different RWA products, it's just money being shuffled around within our own ecosystem. It's not like a net new addition. But I think when this product actually becomes the most interesting is basically when those yields start to decline from five to four to three, whenever that is, we actually think that the rates on this product go in the opposite direction and then negatively correlated. The reason for that is that as interest rates come down, as we saw last cycle, people want to get longer and they want to speculate more and more on crypto. And so as rates went to zero last cycle. Actually, the rates on this product go in the opposite direction. And so when you take this as a product to someone in tradfi and say it's negatively correlated to trillions of dollars of the bonds and fixed income that's sitting in the rest of your portfolio, and when that starts to go down, this actually goes in the opposite direction. And you've just put it in a simple dollar product that they can come into with custody on the other side that they understand. That's a pretty powerful actually, like, selling point to them, which is like, here's a packaged crypto native yield in a dollar instrument. Here you go. And that's actually when I think that this product shines the most. It's not even now we're sort of competing with the highest risk free rate that we've seen in over a decade. It's actually when that starts to come down, this becomes the most interesting.
Speaker A: Arthur, does that analysis check out to you?
Speaker B: No, I mean, that's a very interesting point. I'm definitely going to use that going forward. The rates negative correlation, because, yeah, again, why are people fomoing into the Blackrock ETF? Because they implicitly know that this sovereign debt market is slowly disintegrating in front of them. There's no way, there's no one for them to sell these bonds to because they owe too much of them. And so, yeah, I want to own some crypto, and if I don't want to own bitcoin price risk, but I want to own something that's correlated to bitcoin going up, but not as volatile in a currency that I understand or synthetic currency that I understand, then yes, this product makes complete sense for that person or that entity guy, what does.
Speaker A: The roadmap of Athena look like? So, since we're not optimizing for payments, we're optimizing for like collateral and just like store value use cases. Whats on the roadmap here?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think theres probably three different segments to this. The first is just thinking about it as a collateral asset within DeFi. I think the initial rollout that we had with the whole points program and stuff that youve seen in the last couple of months was really just focused on trying to embed it in as many important places within DeFi. We can jump through all the use cases, but I think at a very high level, every single financial implication, the lifeblood of them is always dollars. Whether it's money markets to borrow against trading in a Dex, all the volumes in dollars, and then perp dexs are collateralized with dollars as well. We just basically want to make this the most important asset sitting within DeFi. I think the speed at which we've, I guess, got on board some of the OG DeFi protocols that we've just looked up to as a team for a very long period of time, I think demonstrates that this can be a pretty important asset just sitting in a bunch of different places. I think one of the point on that is just we really don't view ourselves as a competitive product to anything else within DeFi. We really just want to be neutral infrastructure in the background that all these other projects want to use. So we've never really come through and said it's us versus maker, or it's us versus fax or whatever it is. We're basically just saying, here's a source of yield. If it makes sense for you at this moment in time to sit behind your own product, great, we'd love to have you there. If it doesn't make sense in the future. Thanks for coming. Basically, that's always been our approach, which is just try to work with as many people as possible rather than against them. And I've just been blown away with how open and interested the rest of DeFi has been to interact with us. The next bit, I think, is actually one that a lot of previous on chain stable issuers have looked past and haven't actually captured as an opportunity, which is thinking about C five as a distribution channel. Obviously, I find Defi interesting, I'm building within it. But we got to recognize that ten to 100,000 people within DeFi, and there's 100 to 200 million sitting on CFI exchanges. Every single story of a successful, stable like asset being issued is always a connection to a centralized exchange. So tether and Bitfinex, USDC, Coinbase, the list goes on. FDusd recently with binance. It's just a very simple sort of equation of like, if you want the distribution, you got to embed yourself on the trading pairs on exchanges and then use yourself as margin collateral for perhaps. I think this was a very important piece of actually Arthur's idea in the beginning, which is this type of product could not be owned by a single exchange. You need it to be broadly owned by the entire ecosystem. And that was a key piece for us to get all of the sex venues on our side. And actually, I think the next step of that evolution is, again, we're trying to be neutral here. We're not going to go team up with one sex and say Athena's USD is just on that sex. We're really just wanting to offer them a different product to then distribute to their users on the other side with all of the stacks venues. So that's the next step that I find most interesting is actually using centralized exchanges. And then I think the final boss is what we've spoken about through this entire program, which is, I just think this is a really interesting asset for people within drive by. And once you've grown into sufficient scale and sort of demonstrated sufficient lengthy with the product through time, I do think this becomes a really interesting avenue where it is actually a very different and unique source of yield that the rest of travis doesn't have access to. Yeah, thats the three different steps that I see.
Speaker A: Preston, interesting. Yeah. With Coinbase of course, has that partnership with Circle. Right. I think Coinbase owns 25% of circle. So naturally they have that interest in using USDC as a trading pair. Obviously they have actual dollars as trading pairs too. But sometimes you can frequently use USDC as a trading pair. Is the idea that maybe circle is already claimed by USCC or Coinbase is already claimed by USCC and Circle? But is the idea that you also do your best to leverage as many partnerships with other centralized exchanges and have the Athena stablecoin becoming the unit of account of dollars on other crypto exchanges?
Speaker C: Yes, absolutely. I don't see it as us fully replacing, I don't think any of the exchanges will ever say we're getting totally rid of USDC or USDC and just using this. I just see it as a very complimentary product that sits alongside it. So having said that, incentives rule everything within crypto. If you're earning more from a product, people tend to want to push it on their users. So if you think about the actual fabric of USD, it's got distribution with exchanges in mind. Right. Because we are the largest entities facing these exchanges now in terms of the size of Athena facing these exchanges with the largest client, and then in terms of trading fees, that's a big deal for them. Where every dollar that's created with Usdeh is like dollars into an exchanges hand on the other side, then the second order question here is, well, youre producing all this yield whatever, just for an assumption here. Obviously this yield can change. Lets say its producing 25%. If theyre going to be offering it to their users on the other side, they could say you can trade them on whatever exchange youre earning 15 and they can keep the spread. Theres obviously a lot of scope there. When the yield is so high to then choose how much can they internalize to themselves. And so I think that there's a lot of economic incentives built around the product that I think might be interesting to exchanges to actually push it for you.
Speaker A: Okay. So there's something, like, really based about this whole thing. And it goes back to the theme that we've been talking about this entire time, which is, like, Athena is capturing this, like, crypto native yield, this trade that has been around for crypto forever, whereas, like, tether. What are the business models of tether and USCC? They capture the yield of United States treasuries and then demand for stable coins inside of the crypto industry. Like, crypto native demand for dollars actually ends up flowing into, like, the treasuries of circle and tether, and also demand for United States government debt. And athena is saying, like, hey, f all that, we'll just capture the crypto native yield on these centralized venues. We'll return it back to users. We'll return it back to centralized exchanges. It's a higher yield. And United States debt can, like, go f itself because we're actually going to, like, recapture our own economic energy and keep it internal to the crypto world. And so, like, there's this, like, common, um, line about stable coins in the crypto industry. It's like, hey, like, us government, why are you guys fighting crypto? We are the biggest exporters of your guys's unit of account. Uh, and you need us because we are exporting the dollar. Uh, we can. We can stifle, uh, the. The chinese central bank digital currency. We can Chinese stifle the chinese, uh, yen and the russian ruble. Right? This is in the interest of your guys. It is in your guys interest to allow stable coins to proliferate inside of crypto. But then Athena is kind of actually antagonistic to that because Athena is like, well, actually, we're going to replace United States treasury debt with yield produced by these products on cryptocentralized exchanges, which is much higher. And that's actually the new source of yield, the generating source of yield that produces the Athena stablecoin. And it's very self sovereign to the crypto industry because we don't need any of the banks. We don't need the central bank. We don't need the commercial banks. We actually only need our own centralized crypto exchanges where these trades are happening. And it's very bankless, it's very sovereign, because it's just us. It's all of the crypto industry. But it also kind of goes against this whole line that we've been saying to outside trad world about, hey guys, we're exporting United States debt. We were buyers of United States debt. Arthur, how do you square these two things? What's your perspective here?
Speaker B: In the essay that I wrote about Athena, I have a different opinion on the amount of desirability of the Fed and the US treasury have for stable coins. And my essay, I basically put forward that the reason why the Fed and the US treasury don't like tether has nothing to do with crypto. It has everything to do with how the money markets in the United States are set up. So, from the Fed's perspective, essentially what tether is, is a narrow bank, as they define it. It's a bank that takes in dollars, makes no loans, and then offers payment services for a fee, but the depositors get paid no money. The problem for the Fed is that narrow banks, what do they do? If I have a high yielding reverse repo rate or interest rate on excess reserves between 5.25 and 5.5%, and I don't want to get into the details of why that has to happen, but the Fed has to have those programs to be able to manipulate the short term money markets in the US, which means that as they raise interest rates, a narrow bank, that all they do is just hoover up money and they deposit it with the Fed. The Fed has to pay out hundreds of billions of dollars every year to the banking system to bribe them to keep their money with the Fed so that they can manipulate the short term interest rate. So tether being successful actually presents a problem for the Fed, because it's exacerbating this problem. Tether, what, 100 billion of dollars is getting paid to do nothing. They're not lending money out to businesses, they're not underwriting loans, they're not doing the services of a bank. So, from the Fed's perspective, tether and banks like Tether and Caitlin long tried to launch a bank just like tether. A narrow bank not going to do loans, none of this funny stuff. We're just going to take deposits, put them at the Fed, and launch our own stablecoin. The Fed's like, no, no, no. We don't want any of that, because the last thing we want is another tether, another hundreds of billions of dollars that we're paying interest on. From the Treasury's perspective, tether being a top 25 holder of US treasury debt is a problem because look what happened to Silvergate back in, like, late 22, early 23. What was the issue? Well, everybody had the stink of FTX and whatever shenanigans that they were doing at Silvergate. And people were like, I don't want to be a associated with a bank that had anything to do on a fundamental level with FTX and Elemeta and what funny stuff they were doing. Let me pull my money out as quickly as I can. And so as they pulled their money out as quickly as they could, that was the spark of the bank run on Silvergate. And so if you're Janet Yellen, and you're like, well, Tether has $100 billion of my short term debt, what if, for whatever reason, there's some rumor in the market and tether deep ex and everyone's rushing to these. These large market makers dumping tether, these large market makers are redeeming and tether is dumpling treasuries indiscriminately in the market. Holy shit, that's going to fuck up my market. And I'm not going to be able to issue these bonds to get my boss, Joe Biden, reelected. So she's like, I don't want anything. I don't want a tether like situation, because I know the crypto market can change in a dime for whatever reason, and they're going to try to exit. And what does tether do when they exit? They dump treasuries. So the Fed and the US treasury don't like tether. Again, nothing to do with crypto, everything to do with how fragile the us treasury market is and all the shenanigans that the Fed has to do to manipulate short term interest rates. And so I think that they would love if tether didn't exist. Now, I think tether is too big at this point for them to really do anything about it. But I wouldn't say that. I say Athena is doing tether a favor, not tether a favor, doing the Fed and the US Treasury a favor saying, hey, we know you don't want us holding all this debt because of the issues that it causes for the fucked up shit that you have going on in your monetary system. We're going to keep it all over here and do our own thing and sever this connection. So if I were them, I would want guy to be the number one stablecoin in USDe rather than tether circle and first digital guy.
Speaker A: Do you have any thoughts on that?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think I've always just been a bit more focused just trying to think about the product for us internally within crypto. I haven't sort of got to the.
Speaker A: Next level of thinking about global macro geopolitics.
Speaker B: That's what I'm a writer. He's the guy building.
Speaker A: Oh, my God. Okay, Arthur, this is a super, super contrarian take here. I mean, contrarian in the sense that just like everyone else is like, oh, yeah, crypto dollars, net exporter of government debt. And like, we're like the marginal buyer of government debt. And they really need that. I mean, I'm not super informed to be able to, like, really comment or take this conversation any further, but that really interesting perspective that I have really heard other people articulate basically, the idea here, it kind of like is the inverse of what guy and Athena is doing, where Guy and Athena is generating this native yield inside of the crypto industry via crypto native mechanisms, and then recycling that yield that value back into the crypto industry. And I think what you're saying is that there is a similar pattern on the flip side of things where there's this yield being produced by United States treasuries. And the Fed wants that yield to be recycled into money markets because they kind of control both of these levers here. But then what you're saying is.
Speaker B: What I'm saying is that it's expensive. So the Fed raising rates when you have $3 trillion of excess reserves from banks and the US treasury have, I don't know, what is it, 34 or $35 trillion of debt that the US government has outstanding. As you raise rates to fight inflation, the cost of, the cost of interest that you're paying out is very, very high. So if you have a crypto thing that's making this problem worse, because they're saying, great, oh, five and a half percent, fucking give it all to me. I've got these people who want these dollars. Great. They made all this money in crypto. They think they're rich. They're going to sell this, give me some dollars. I'm just going to keep. I'm going to shove these dollars back to you, Fed. And tether is not a bank. Tether is not underwriting low income mortgages in the rust Belt. Well, tether is not going to get you reelected. And so they're a net negative in terms of they're using the programs as they are designed. They're not doing anything illegal. But the fact that there's so much of this money in demand from all this wealth being created in crypto that's sitting on tether and circles balance sheets exacerbates the problems that they already have with paying the banks hundreds of billions of dollars a year not to lend their money or paying wealthy Americans a trillion us dollars annualized to hold US treasury debt. It's a problem that they have. Again, crypto is just the icing on the cake. They'd rather not have another entity free riding off of them based on these high interest rates.
Speaker A: Right. My intuition is that because when they pay yield using treasuries, at least that money stays inside of the us economy. And so they're paying out the yield, but it's doing something productive inside the United States.
Speaker B: They have to print it at some point. The Feds. The Fed was a profitable entity as it started raising rates is now negative net income.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker B: And so now it's net costing the american taxpayers money. But the stuff that the Fed is doing, the treasury is spending a trillion dollars and it's forecasted. Heartland at bank of America is saying it could be at the end of the year, the interest on the interest payments on debt could be the largest single expense of the us federal government, larger than Medicare, Social Security and defense is paying rich people who own treasuries. Again, making this problem worse is a problem for the Fed and the treasury because it's financially expensive. So that's what tether does, that's what circle does. That's what first digital does. It makes this problem worse.
Speaker A: Right, right. Okay. And then when debt payments just become so high that it just starts to spiral out of control, maybe this is like Lyn Alden's this train isn't stopping kind of meme. But hey, at least we have Athena on the other end of things, which is completely buffered from all of this, because again, it generates a source of yield that is internal to the crypto markets.
Speaker B: Exactly. Guy.
Speaker A: Arthur, I have learned quite a lot on this episode. Really interesting product where if people just want to learn about where Athena is going next or how to use it, or just anything about Athena, where should they go?
Speaker C: Guy yeah, the website and application itself is app Athena Delphi, and then the Twitter is athena underschool labs. All the updates come through there. I think Arthur retweets something every now and then, so you might catch a drift of it on his Twitter. But that's the full post.
Speaker A: Arthur, if people want to read all about your writings, that you do, which is prolific, one of the most prolific writers in the crypto industry, where should they go?
Speaker B: Crypto haze on substack. Or you can check my twitter haze.
Speaker A: Beautiful guy. Arthur, thank you so much for coming on the show today. Bankless nation you guys know the deal. Crypto is risky. Defi is risky. New stablecoins. They're probably risky, too. You can lose what you put in. But we're headed west. This is the frontier. It's not for everyone. But we are glad you are with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
