Speaker A: Bankless nation. It is the third week of April. It's a special week. This only happens once every four years. I'm talking about the bitcoin happening, David. It is bitcoin halving week. How are you celebrating?
Speaker B: I'm actually throwing a party now at your ass. Are you really? Yeah. Yeah. Which all my friends are like, why are you throwing.
Speaker A: Is it having party?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's a having party. Yeah.
Speaker A: No way.
Speaker B: What do you do?
Speaker A: Like, what do you do?
Speaker B: I invite friends over and I feed them drinks.
Speaker A: Talk about bitcoin. Talking about sound money.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Hand out the bitcoin standard. Satin and moose.
Speaker B: Well, you know, I have a signed copy of the bitcoin standard by stock.
Speaker A: I know you do.
Speaker B: It's addressed to the shit corner, which is me.
Speaker A: Yeah. Well, that's great. That's accurate as well. So we got to start with that, though. We got to celebrate that, because it happens only once every four years. And I think this is our second happening as a bitcoin podcast.
Speaker B: As a bitcoin podcast. That's right.
Speaker A: That's funny. That was actually a slip of the Tongue podcast. Keeping it in. So you're having this party, David, but the happening is scheduled to happen on Saturday. The big question, I think, in everyone's mind is, is this going to be bullish or bearish for bitcoin prices? What about my bags, David?
Speaker B: We got some takes in the show to talk about that. Wilcoin and OKX are releasing their layer twos. Do we need more layer twos? How will they differ? Will they bring new users on chain? In addition to more layer two, Kraken is also opening up their own wallet. Their beautiful wallet, which I've got. My phone. We'll debut that here in a second. What's the deal about the Kraken wallet? Open source privacy first. It's great. What else we got? Talking about Hong Kong.
Speaker A: They are front running the US. They just got their Ethereum ETF. Okay. In addition to a bitcoin ETF, they got an ethereum ETF. So the question is, does this mean big inflows in Asia? We'll talk about that. And the next Ethereum upgrade is going to make Ethereum wallets great again. They could use an upgrade. I would say so. We'll talk about that. Also, alt restaking is now a thing. Question mark. What is this non eigen layer restaking?
Speaker B: And then last up, Solana is patching their chain, deployed a patch to account for some of the transaction spam that's going in. And now Solana is no longer broken. Solana is now fixed. But there is still a roadmap to perfect the engineering around the Solana ecosystem. So we'll talk about that and more.
Speaker A: Search perfection.
Speaker B: We're all in perfection. Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay, so before we get in, we gotta shout out our friends over at David. Before we get to the prices, though, and markets, I think we need to spend a minute to talk about the bitcoin having more having content. Yeah, more having content on this bitcoin podcast that you've come to appreciate. All right, so we are this. According to this timer, we are at the time of recording one day until the having.
Speaker B: So does one day in 6 hours.
Speaker A: Is this going to happen on April 19? Then by the time people get this episode, will it be happening day?
Speaker B: I think it actually might depend on where you are in the world. I think only maybe Hawaii is going to have the bitcoin having on 420. Everyone else will have it on 419. Okay, so I think this happens like 10:00 p.m. like ten. Maybe the west coast also has it in 422. I think this happens like 10:00 p.m. eastern time on Friday. Tomorrow, today for the time of listeners.
Speaker A: Do we need to recap, like, what the happening actually is?
Speaker B: God, I hope not, but I think we're going to do it anyways.
Speaker A: Okay, so what is it?
Speaker B: So, for every 210,000 blocks. So 210,000 blocks times ten minutes gives you approximately every four years, the bitcoin reward for mining a bitcoin block gets cut in half. The bitcoin reward for mining the first bitcoin blocks was 50 bitcoins per block back when bitcoin was literally valueless. And then it went from 50 to 25 in 2012. It went from 25 to twelve and a half in 20. 1612 and a half to 6.25 in May of 2020. And now tomorrow and today for listeners, it's going to go from 6.25 down to 3.125 bitcoin per block.
Speaker A: So this is the fourth one out of, you know, I guess there's been three previous and we have some history. So a question in everyone's mind is what is price going to do? Because everyone knows this is written in the code of bitcoins. Been here since inception. Everyone knows what's going to happen. There's always this question of have people front run. This is the market already priced it in. What's going to happen to price? This is a tweet from bitwise doing some analysis on this. What do they say?
Speaker B: They just basically show the returns on bitcoin for the year after the happening. And so for 2012, it was a whopping 8800% price appreciation.
Speaker A: Oh, okay. Is that what we could expect?
Speaker B: Sorry, big. You should not be expecting that.
Speaker A: That'd be nice.
Speaker B: In 2016 it was 285%, and then in 2020 it was 550%. So we have yet to have out of three data points, we're about to have the fourth. We are yet to have a bearish year post having for bitcoin.
Speaker A: Historically, it's always been real good. Real after the happening, between 285% and 8839%, I will say, actually.
Speaker B: So both 2016 and 2020, which were very strong performing years for bitcoin, it was actually the year after those years that were the better of those two years. So in 2016, bitcoin was up something like 1000%, and in 2021, bitcoin was also up something. It's even higher now.
Speaker A: People say this time could be different, of course, because maybe we front ran some of that demand. We got a bitcoin ETF in January, which was a few years. We've never had a bitcoin ETF before, so maybe it's different in that way. But also there's something that happens in the month following the happening, which is the month we're in. So if you're like a near term one month trader, what has traditionally happened in the month after the happening?
Speaker B: Nothing significant. In 2012, we were up 9%, in 2016 we were down 10% and in 2020 we were up 6%. And so basically it's saying, hey, like, zoom out. Think long term, don't think about, like, don't buy bitcoin now because of the happening is tomorrow. Yeah. Think about it on, like, a longer timeframe than that.
Speaker A: I mean, you say it's not significant, and I agree, like, but the significance is it's super flat in the month after. Right. And then, like, so don't expect this to get, like, immediately priced in. I mean, the market's kind of anticipating this.
Speaker B: I suppose everyone has seen the haven coming. It has been in the code since Genesis. Yes.
Speaker A: All right, so there is something that is actually shipping with this happening and has nothing to do with the bitcoin core protocol. So it's not like the code itself is undergoing any upgrade, but simultaneous with the having is the shipping of bitcoin runes. What. What's the significance of that? Why is. Why is that happening on the happening?
Speaker B: Yeah. So if you are paying attention to bitcoin land runes is like the very hyped thing that is being released. The code the core. The bitcoin software for runes is being released tomorrow. This is Casey Rodemore, who created bitcoin ordinals nfts on bitcoin using bitcoin as like a data availability layer of sorts, just to inscribe jpegs on the bitcoin blockchain. He has since figured out a way to do a very similar thing, creative construction of the nooks and crannies of bitcoin block space to produce fungible tokens inside of bitcoin like enshrined on the layer one. This is not a layer two on bitcoin. This is not like a sidechain to bitcoin. This is inside of the layer one fungible tokens using bitcoin block space. And so this is a very hype thing in bitcoin land. This is launching with a havening. We did a show with Casey yesterday. It came out yesterday. If you want to learn more about it. Probably one of the more hyped things that I've heard in the.
Speaker A: I think it's a big deal. I think these are the most legit bitcoin tokens idea that we've seen so far. And why is Casey releasing this on having. Just. Because.
Speaker B: Why the hell not?
Speaker A: Yeah, why not? So it has nothing to do with. He's just chose this as a shelling point. Very cool. All right, so what about prices on the week? Where are we at on the bitcoin.
Speaker B: Price down about 10%. Started the week a little bit above 70,000. Currently at 62 and a half. $1,000.
Speaker A: Thanks to Kraken pro for these charts. Even though they are down, I wish.
Speaker B: Make them go up.
Speaker A: Yeah, please, Kraken, help. Help us with that. I feel like it was a rough week. Look at some of these red. It has been rough.
Speaker B: It has been a rough couple of weeks.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's just like, especially over the weekend, there were some spikes downwards. And the question, of course, when we go down, mostly when we go down, why people don't ask these questions, why.
Speaker B: Did we go down?
Speaker A: When we go up, it's like, oh, we knew this was going to happen. It's inevitable, you know, but like when we go down, we need some sort of rational explanation for this. And there are a few different explanations people have turned to, what are they?
Speaker B: Well, there's always the tax scapegoat. So April 15 was tax day, United States. Is it, is it tax day just in the United States or is that like a global day? Oh, do other people use April 15 for taxes? Or is it just us?
Speaker A: I don't know. I honestly don't know. I've never paid taxes, income taxes in another country, David, so I just don't know. But so, April 15, you have to get your.
Speaker B: You have to pay your taxes. And so, like, if you don't have the money in your bank account, then you have to sell your assets in order to pay for your taxes.
Speaker A: Do you think people do this? Do you think people are like, it's April.
Speaker B: I don't know what people try to do.
Speaker A: Oh, no. I owe thousands of dollars. I better sell some bitcoin to go pay this.
Speaker B: Yeah. Like, if you are, like, buzzer beating the selling of your assets to pay for your taxes is. Do people do that? I don't really know. This is why people always don't really know, like, whether the tax sell off is real or just noise, but we can use it as it could be.
Speaker A: One of those reflexive things where everyone thinks it's a thing, so it becomes a thing.
Speaker B: Yeah. So anyways, it's scapegoat number one. Taxes. Scapegoat number two. Iran versus Israel. Markets do not like uncertainty. They do not like war. They do not like instability. And so over the weekend, Iran sent some drones and missiles over to Israel, which were intercepted. People were worried about this being escalating into a regional conflict. The meme is that this would turn into world War three, which is definitely bad for markets. And so that's scapegoat number three.
Speaker A: You say scapegoat. This one, to me, felt kind of legitimate, though. Over the weekend, I was like, what, drones and missiles?
Speaker B: I was also excited. Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay. All right, so maybe some legitimacy there, at least from my perspective. What else we got?
Speaker B: Scapegoat number three. BTC inflows kind of muted. We've actually had not any net new inflows into the bitcoin ETF's for almost, like, a month now. So while there are increasing, there are flows into the new bitcoin ETF's. There are similar outflows out of grayscale. So there's no net new TVL going into the bitcoin ETF's for about a month, which is coincidentally how long we've been about flat for.
Speaker A: Okay, so maybe inflows have kind of, like, stopped, and people see that and, you know, they're like, okay, well, the party. The ETF party's over. What else we got?
Speaker B: Scapegoat number four. Stock market's down, actually. So the spy is actually, like, a good 50 points off its high. So down, like, I think 15%. So spy down four and a half percent off of the high. Look, we got Ryan to do that little tardy chart thing. Yeah, thanks. Yeah, so, I mean, 5% off of the spy is like. That's like a big deal.
Speaker A: 5% down.
Speaker B: Oh, no, come on, guys. The global economy is 5% off.
Speaker A: You want to be a real investors? I just like crypto volatility. All right, try me.
Speaker B: Anyway, spy goes down 5%, crypto is going to catch a cold. And so that's what's happened.
Speaker A: You know, what's interesting about this is, okay, so gold has been up. Gold relentlessly up on, like, the last month, and, like, news of the weekend did not stop goals ascent. So is crypto, is bitcoin trading like a risk off asset? I thought it was like a digital gold. And it's been interesting that hasn't been trading like that. So you would think at least some narratives would say that global turmoil equals, of course, like, wars. Like rumors of wars. Governments are going to print money, aren't they? In order to pay for this stuff and show, shouldn't a non state store of value pump gold has? Why not bitcoin? You have any takes?
Speaker B: Yeah, I don't know why gold is pumping, obviously. I'm not like a macro expert. It is a little bit sus that people were talking about gold pumping and then right into the Iran conflict. But what the hell do I know overall, just like, the whole hopium for this setup right now is just basically the inverse of all of these things. Like, the tax sell off isn't real or it's behind us. Now, Iran versus Israel actually stabilizes. Eventually. The inflows into the bitcoin ETF's will surpass the outflows out of grayscale. That is also just inevitability. And, you know, the spy can't go down forever. It's also designed to go up only. And we are currently oversold in the world of the RSI indicator. If you are a believer of such a thing, what does that mean? That just means, like, you can't have that many selling days in a row before there's a buying day.
Speaker A: Yeah, there'll be some recovery. Right?
Speaker B: There'll be some recovery. I like it.
Speaker A: Short run.
Speaker B: If 2% increase in the spy is like, you know, a 20% increase in bitcoin.
Speaker A: Oh, you know what we didn't have? There's a number five explanation, actually. We didn't cover, which is like, the Fed is definitely talking about delaying the reduction of interest rates. Right. Inflation's burning a little hot, and that's kind of bled over. So if you want another reason, there's a fifth reason for you.
Speaker B: Also, you know what? The habiting. It's also bullish.
Speaker A: Here's the thing, though. You got to put this into perspective, and here's a good tweet to keep this in perspective. There have only been 38 days in all of bitcoin history where you've ever had a closing price. Where we currently are, which is above 61k. Like, above 60k, actually. Are we above sixty k at the time of recording? I mean, somewhere close to that, right? Yeah, we are.
Speaker B: Two and a half.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. We never got down below 60k.
Speaker A: It's only been 38 days.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Right. Like, so, I mean, we're in the kind of the same range of all time highs that we've been in for the last, like, month and a half. There's some perspective for you.
Speaker B: We haven't really experienced price discovery in crypto yet, so bitcoin broke through the $69,000 all time highs to get to, like, up to 73, 74. That's. That's not price discovery. No one. No one has experienced price discovery.
Speaker A: You're getting your wish. A nice, slow.
Speaker B: Where I was going to wish, like, breaking out through all time highs and then achieving, like, escape velocity to the moon. That should be hard. Like, feels healthy. Feels healthy. Let's draw this place out. Let's, like, the normies aren't here yet. Like, it's still just us. Like, enjoy this time.
Speaker A: All right, well, so how about EtH price? Are we doing something similar?
Speaker B: Yeah. Down 13% start of the week, $3,500. Ending the week where we are now at $30,400. Got all the way down.
Speaker A: That was a harsh spike.
Speaker B: I'm not. I'm. No, wait. Was that real? What?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Oh, my God. Wow.
Speaker A: That's real.
Speaker B: Didn't you look in the charts over the weekend? I didn't. I'm not. During that blip where Ryan is highlighting a width down to $2,530. Yikes. Wow. No wonder so many people got liquidated last week. No. Was this four hour candle? No four hour candle lasted. Went below $2,900. So that's pretty low.
Speaker A: $2,500. Great buying opportunity if you snipe.
Speaker B: Congrats, anyone who sniped that. This is why it's always nice to have powder available with, like, call it. We call these stink bids.
Speaker A: Just like stink bids.
Speaker B: You never heard.
Speaker A: We call them stink bids.
Speaker B: I will yeah, trade traders call these stink birds.
Speaker A: I'm not of your kind, David.
Speaker B: It's when you set a limit order so unreasonably low that you just hope that you, like, kind of win a lottery with like some volatility. So you have, it's basically kind of.
Speaker A: Like a limit order.
Speaker B: It's a spot market put.
Speaker A: Yeah. All right, so what's your stink bid at right now for this mark? I don't have my triple digit stink bids there.
Speaker B: Yeah, you are. Those are not getting filled. And those are not getting filled.
Speaker A: I think I've capitulated on that. Let's talk about Eth gas price, though. Real high, actually, almost 500 gwei at certain points.
Speaker B: That is. We experienced a 1 hour period of -10% deflation of ESA supply because of all the liquidation.
Speaker A: That's a nice ETH holder framing on it, but for the users, it's really expensive. What's nice about this, David Mihal is showing there's a bifurcation in terms of gas market. What's he saying here?
Speaker B: Yeah, so the Ethereum layer one experienced 500 gui gas prices. Ethereum blob price. So, like, blob space for layer two is completely unaffected by the congestion fees on the layer one. So layer twos were completely buffered from all of the liquidations and shenanigans and congestion happening at the layer one. So if you, if you were on base or optimism or arbitrum or a ZK sync or polygon, you had absolutely no awareness or concern about the congestions of the layer one.
Speaker A: It's like. It's like getting stuck in a traffic jam, and then you look over and there's that high occupancy vehicle lane and.
Speaker B: Cars zooming, just zooming. Don't care about you.
Speaker A: That's what was going on. And it's great because now, for the first time, post blob space, there are two separate markets for this, as it should be. So the question is, what are the prices on ETH layer two? Is that still hanging down? What are we looking at?
Speaker B: Yeah, so this is a brand new website, part of the website of Growthepie XYZ, which, if you are interested in just looking at the feed dynamics, the economics of layer twos, this is definitely the website for you. So fees, growthepie XYZ is this new website and just shows you the fees for all the different chains. $0.15, not $0.15. Transfer ETH on Zora. 0.41 cents to swap feeds on Zora.
Speaker A: Under.
Speaker B: Yes, under everything. Everything is fractions of a penny. Yeah. The only systems that are above a penny are systems that are not yet using blob space. So. Linnea. Linnea, not yet using blob space.
Speaker A: They are actually. Yeah. I could sort this, but. Okay, look at this. They are, but like, see, look at this. You can sort by data availability. Blobs. I don't know. Linnaeus. It's premium, premium stuff. It's good stuff over there.
Speaker B: Let's see, what's the cheapest thing to arbitrum is the cheapest chain to swap tokens on for $0.60.05.
Speaker A: What a deal. What a deal. I see some trades over in arbitrum these days. Crypto market cap. Where are we hanging in?
Speaker B: $2.4 trillion. 2.4.
Speaker A: Let's do another quick look at layer twos in the layer two world. David, you got some stats for us? This update, of course, is brought to you by one of our favorite layer twos, Mantle. They're always placed quite high on the charts. Number hanging in at number five. What do you want to look at this week?
Speaker B: Yeah. So drop down below 30. $40 billion in TVL on layer twos. We're at an eleven x scaling factor, so eleven ethereums on layer twos. So these numbers haven't really changed. But I think what is cool actually, is we talked about layer two beat for all the layer twos, but now we're moving on to layer threes. Right. I don't know if you've noticed this base, which is a arbitrum orbit chain that settles down to the base chain, which settles down to Ethereum. The D gen layer three is now doing the most transactions per second out of all of all the layer twos.
Speaker A: Okay, so a layer three is the layer three. Just a layer? A chain built on top of a layer two. Is that really that simple?
Speaker B: It's really that simple.
Speaker A: Okay, so there is a chain called Degen chain, which is killing it in terms of transactions per second. And that is just built on top of the base chain, which is built on top of Ethereum.
Speaker B: Yep. So D gen chain is the number one chain that's on alert. Two that's doing the most transactions per second. And the number two transactions per second chain is base, which is where Degen chain settles to.
Speaker A: Okay, I just have one question for you, David.
Speaker B: Sure.
Speaker A: When layer four. Okay. We could just keep stacking them.
Speaker B: I don't think any. I think it stops at the layer three level on him. For technical, for like all train, it kind of just stops at layer threes, if you are doing a layer four, is because you are doing it for the meme. You can do that. There's nothing stopping you.
Speaker A: I want to do that. But you want to build on top of Djen.
Speaker B: Yeah. You should ask Andrew from Quanduit. You're going to need some help on that one. Settle on top of Djen.
Speaker A: David, what do we have coming up?
Speaker B: World coin is going from its app to a chain. We're getting world chain. If you didn't have enough layer twos, well, you just got another one, but this one's different. So if you are a verified human, you will be given a first class treatment on world chain. We're going to talk about that. OKX also doing another chain. They're doing another layer two. Talking about layer twos, which framework did they choose? And then also Kraken. Congrats, guys. Launched their wallet privacy first, open source. And absolutely beautiful. I'm gonna show you all. Ryan, I'm gonna show you all my nfts that are on my Kraken wallet.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: And I got them in there. So we're gonna get to all of that and more. But first, we're gonna hear directly from Kraken, our preferred exchange, and now wallet.
Speaker A: Not to overshadow the happening, David, but it is chain week. It is layer two week on bankless as well. Okay. We got two big layer two announcements. One of them just went live on Mainnet, so let's start there. World coin introduced. World chain. All right. The last I heard about world coin, they were trying to stick orbs in everyone's faces and scale your eyeballs. Oh, they're still doing that.
Speaker B: Still doing that.
Speaker A: So I had seen, I think, a headline that they got to about 5 million humans with, like, iris scans. So that's the level. Anyway, that aside, what are they doing? What is world chain?
Speaker B: So, world chain has always been a part of the world coin vision. So anyone who's been, like, deep in the world coin world, this actually is not a surprise. It is an op stack fork. It is a part of the super chain collective, but it has a very intimate technical relationship with its own world id and world coin app. And so if you verify yourself, you're Iris. I mean, within the world coin system, you are a verified humanity on the world chain. And you actually get subsidized transactions on world chain, as in free. Not infinitely free, but I'm sure this model is going to change. But the idea is really to bifurcate humans from bots on world chain. And so if you are a human, because you are proven to be human because of your iris, you're like. You get a private key that's associated with your iris, you get to have a first class position on world chain.
Speaker A: A couple of things. You know, Worldcoin, as an app so far, is about 44% of op main nets activity at this point. I didn't realize.
Speaker B: I think it's a part of the world world coin system, because, like, verifying a human and putting their iris, the hash state of your iris on chain, I think that's how that works.
Speaker A: And they're launching this. Did you say this as an op stack chain?
Speaker B: It's an op stack chain inside of the collective.
Speaker A: Okay, so they're joining the super chain. So eventually, all of these will be integrated. But feelings aside, people have lots of passionate feelings about world chain and using biometric data to identify humans and all of that. Don't want to step. We've had that conversation before. Just not stepping into that conversation. The idea of having a chain that is human aware, any sort of block space that is human aware, is new, and I think that's cool, actually. It's interesting, right? Because, well, we have all sorts of simple resistant problems, not just in crypto, but. Sorry, not just on the client, on the Internet, but, like, even specifically crypto, like, in the here and now. It's like, I want to provide an airdrop to all of my real human users. How do I do that? I have no idea. You could be, like, a bot farm account with, like, hundreds of different accounts. And by the way, I'm not saying that world coin isn't game able, because I've also seen some ways where it can be gamed, but it is at least better. It is more symbol resistant than just, like, being able to spin up any sort of wallet and track it that way. So human aware block space, human aware chain, where we can tell who the real people are and who the bots are. Do you think that's significant?
Speaker B: Yeah. And I think that we won't really know how or why it's significant. We won't have examples for this until they meaningfully get built. But really, the whole idea is that we have this platform to do activities and behaviors that we haven't had before. And that really starts with having some decent levels of assurances that devs building on this block space gets to know that they are actually having individual humans as their users rather than getting bot farmed. And so, like, the blast layer two pitch is like, yo, we have native yield. So come build on our platform. Come put your money on our platform. And the world chain pitch is like, yo, we have real individual, non sibyl humans. So therefore, come build on our platform.
Speaker A: Zooming out for a second. You and I have talked about this recently, and I think we want to do an entire episode on this, the dead Internet theory. What is the dead Internet theory?
Speaker B: The dead Internet theory is this theory that I came across from this various AI conversations. It's this online conspiracy theory. I'm like four for four on conspiracy theories and podcasts in the last week, by the way. This is a bigger one, though. It asserts that now the Internet is actually mostly bots. And the activity of the Internet is mostly bots. And the content generated on the Internet on Facebook is actually mostly bots. And so, like, the Internet is actually a human devoid place. And now we're getting to the point where, like, it's bots consuming content, buy bots, producing content for bots. And actually, like, a lot of the commerce of, like, startups and Internet companies are actually just like, it's actually bots facilitating bots, and we actually don't know it. And so the Internet is actually more dead than we actually assume.
Speaker A: It's like a bunch of bots pretending to be humans, too, right?
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: Okay, so, but so you said you pitched that as a conspiracy theory. I think the framing of it of, like, saying that Internet theory, like, you know, if you were to say there are no humans on the Internet anymore, that would be, like, very far in kind of the conspiracy, like what you just said. I don't consider that a yddeh that's evident. I mean, go try to interact with Twitter.
Speaker B: At the very least, it's the trend, right?
Speaker A: And like, with all of the AI content and, like, deepfake type ability you have, like, it's going to continue to do that. I mean, you're not going to know whose Instagram account is real apart from some sort of proof of personhood type of protocol. Right. I guess that's the entire point of world chain or world coin and maybe world chain, but yeah, I don't, I don't know how much of a conspiracy theory it is. Like, that's what's self evidently going on.
Speaker B: You could be listening to a podcast, and one of them might be a bot. You just one of the hosts of.
Speaker A: The host podcast, your favorite podcast you listen to. You don't even know if that person's a real human or not. That's not the only layer two that we need to talk about this week. OKX, which is a crypto exchange, one of the world's largest, top three, top five, something like this just launched X layer. This is a layer two on Ethereum. It is, I believe, a zk evm. I think it's built on the Polygon stack. What else do we need to know?
Speaker B: It's also one of the first chains to use the Polygon AG layer. So if you've been paying attention to chain development in this space, Polygon has really been promoting their ag layer solution for global liquidity interoperability, not just for polygon chains, but just actually kind of anyone. And so this chain, the OKX X layer, which we're going to get this confused with Twitter X, but whatever. So they're using AG layer, and so all of the chains that tap into the polygon AG layer can actually share liquidity with each other, like perfectly interoperable liquidity. So more chains that leverage the ag layer all kind of add to a central liquidity pool. And there's also going to be the OKB token as the native token on X layer. Interesting that they're calling it X chain or X layer instead of X chain. I like that change of pace. And so they will also be able to use this to pay the transaction fees thanks to the Ag layer.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think this is a big deal because this is another major exchange that has entered the space, thrown their hat in the ring, and there's the meme of, is this the base for polygon? So it's another large exchange. It's outside the US, of course, primarily. And it is on a different layer two stack, which is polygon instead of optimism, and gets the benefit from Ag layer from the start, which is, again, composability across the entire polygon ecosystem of chains. So if we do a rundown, David, of exchanges with an ethereum layer two, at this point, we've got Coinbase. All right, we know about base chain. Bybit is associated with mantle. They've kind of like funded that and brought that to market.
Speaker B: Now we turn themselves into a dao, and then that Dao produce their own chain, which is mantle.
Speaker A: Yeah, now we have OKX doing one. There are two other exchanges kind of on my list, which is like Kraken and binance. And by the way, there's been rumor that Kraken is sort of like investigating a layer two and then binance. They have a side chain, effectively, that I think there's a roadmap for it to become a layer two, if that ever made sense. So I think it's only a matter of time before all of the major exchanges have their own layer twos. And this is something that we've predicted for a long time, actually, on bankless. Not to just pat ourselves on the back. We'd sometimes we do that.
Speaker B: We do that.
Speaker A: Okay, so first it's the exchanges, then I think it's going to be the banks. Because what's the next proximate thing to an exchange? It's probably a fintech company, like a PayPal, for instance, or like a revolut, or like a transferwise or something like this. And then eventually we'll get to the stage where I. What are banks anyway? They're all side chains. They're all ledgers.
Speaker B: They're all ledgers. So everything's a ledger.
Speaker A: Settle on top of a global settlement system. If they settle on top of Ethereum, they become a layer two or maybe a layer three or maybe layer four, I don't know, but some sort of chain on top that's settling. So we're just knocking them down from my perspective. And that's why I'm super excited that exchanges are now going like towards crypto nativity and becoming a bit more blockchain native.
Speaker B: One thing I think might be cool to see is that banks are always just going to have a hard time getting comfortable with this. So I can totally see some trad banks. I'm like Tradfi, Wells Fargo esque bank, making a layer two on Ethereum, but actually it's private and only for them, as in they're the only ones with write access, but then they give select parties read access. Maybe it's an encrypted layer too. I don't know. That technology is not here yet, but it will be. But like some sort of, just like they just leverage a blockchain for their internal accounting and as like an insurance mechanism and efficiency mechanism for themselves. And then they can, like, they elect to go up and down between Ethereum layer one and their private layer two that they control. I think that, I don't know if that future is a thing, but I could totally get.
Speaker A: JP Morgan has a chain, it's formerly called Quorum, or they're, it's just basically a private blockchain. It's just not public. They're making the transition to make aspects of that, that public in settled to Ethereum could be a thing. So really cool.
Speaker B: Yeah. Speaking of Kraken, who does not have a chain yet, but maybe they will one day. They do have a wallet, though, and if you're going to build a wallet. You're getting pretty close to building a chain. I'm just saying, what's the next step? Here's my kraken wallet I loaded up. My crypto coven is an old nft that I have. I think it's pretty. Pretty. Have you opened up your wallethood? Yeah. Have you opened up your cracking wallet?
Speaker A: There. There it is. That looks beautiful. Beautiful, yeah. So I downloaded. I started with a fresh set of keys. You already got stuff on there. So how did you do it?
Speaker B: Well, I have a seed phrase of like, my petty cash that I keep on my phone. And so all the wallets that I use, I just load up the same seed phrase. Yeah. Nice trick, actually.
Speaker A: So what do you, what do you think so far?
Speaker B: It's nice and purple. It's the cracker. It's absolutely beautiful. Let's see, you have different chains, you have all the assets. It was really nice to see my nfts in there that I wanted to see. And all the spam ones were not in there by default, so I didn't have to do anything with that. Then. Different chains. I don't think there's bridging yet. You can't bridge between layer twos, but you can send and receive on layer twos. There's also Solana support for people who like to play on Solana, but then there's also wallet connect. So you can basically do anything inside of ethereum, defi via wallet connect.
Speaker A: They're doing the cross chain thing kind of nicely where it's just like all abstracted, so you don't have to know what chain you're on. You don't have to go switch around like you do in some older wallets. So I really like that from a behind the scenes perspective. David, here's something I thought was cool. So the Kraken wallet is open source, like completely open source. So it is. And they're the first exchange, I think, to ever do this. So it's available on GitHub, so you can see how it's built. They've also built ip privacy as part of this. Right. So it's a lot of analytics that can be drived about and they seem to be tailoring this to make crypto native people, folks feel secure that, you know, their ip address isn't been being collected and that kind of thing.
Speaker B: So pretty on brand for cracking headset.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think it's great. And I think bankless listeners, again, like I have, I'm in a place where I used to be like, single wallet type of person. Now I have, like, multiple wallets, and this is going to have a place on my phone. It's not, like, perfect right out of the gate, but I expect Kraken's going to be improving it and. Yeah, a great, great start on this product.
Speaker B: It's a foot in the door for Kraken to do something like be more on chain again, have their own chain. I expect this is the first of direction for Kraken. No one ends at a wallet.
Speaker A: Yeah, I totally agree. There's a link in the show notes if you guys want to check it out as well. David, let's talk about Hong Kong approving the spot, bitcoin and ether ETF. So that was announced this week. So trading has not yet begun, but that is announced. So the question is, is this a big deal? Is this going to bring, like, all of Asia's, like, inflows into. Into crypto? Who has a good take here?
Speaker B: I think this is. People are celebrating this just because we're actually kind of just shodding for it about our own lack of ETh inside of United States. Yeah. And we have the bitcoin ETF's.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: And so. But we're. But they are also getting the eth eTF. Is this going to move markets? Eric Balakuna says probably not. The Hong Kong market is pretty tiny. Like, the total market is only $50 billion. Just because it's approved in Hong Kong doesn't mean chinese capital has access to this. So there's like a firewall between the capital of China and the capital of Hong Kong. And also the three issuers, according to Eric Balatronis, are kind of tiny. There's no, like, big fish here. There's nothing like blackrock. And then the fees on these things are about to be like one to 2%. So whereas it's like 0.2 to 0.3% for bitcoin ETF's inside the United States, Eric says it's likely going to be one to 2% inside of Hong Kong. So it's more about just like, hey, somebody else got an ETF.
Speaker A: There is some symbolism, right? This is like a Chinese adjacent. China adjacent, like jurisdiction for certain. And for a jurisdiction kind of like, famous for its capital controls. Right. For them to get an Ethereum ETF besides the United States, there's probably some symbolism in that. When you say, like, if I was making the argument in front of Congress, if I was like, a Congress representative who wanted to make the case, I'd just be like, Gary. Gary Gensler okay, Hong Kong has an ethereum ETF. Where are you? The whole world has an Ethereum ETF right now. Canada, Europe. Like you can buy these ETP products. Us. Is the US really going to be a laggard for this product? Maybe there's some ammo there that we glean from this.
Speaker B: Yeah. So it's a symbolic victory.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: Symbolic.
Speaker A: Take it. We'll take any kind of ETF victory we can at this point. David, what do we got coming up?
Speaker B: Coming up next, ethereum layer one is actually getting a pretty big wallet upgrade, EIP 3007. Four, we're going to tell you everything you need to know about that particular EIP. Solana has also got its patch, so it's easier to get a transaction through now. And zero X maki, remember that name? Ryan Zero X Maki, he awakens from retirement. What's he up to? And why is everyone murmuring about it? So we're gonna get to all of this and more, but first, a moment to talk about some of these fantastic sponsors that make this show possible.
Speaker A: Ethereum super wallets. That's what I'm calling them. I don't know if that'll catch on at all, but this is a pretty cool upgrade in this protocol level. It is coming in the next Ethereum hard fork. It has, of course, an EIP. I'm going to have you recite because I don't yet have 3074, 3074. I don't have this memorized, but it is a pretty significant upgrade. Can you tell us about it?
Speaker B: This is account abstraction, which bank listeners have heard countless times, which has generally been in the domain of layer twos. We all need account abstraction. Everyone needs account abstraction. Gosh, what is account abstraction? Basically, it puts logic into your wallet. So it turns your wallet, which is usually just a dummy wallet. It is what's formerly called as an externally owned account in EOA. It's basically just a public key and a private key with no logic in it whatsoever. Smart accounts, smart contract wallets, account abstraction are trying to produce smart contract wallets. So your wallet is like a brain. It's got like chip, it's got logic in it, it's got expressivity in the same way that bitcoin is bitcoin and Ethereum is Ethereum. Externally owned accounts are like bitcoin. Smart contract wallets are like Ethereum. And so how to design one and what features we should formally enshrine into the layer one has been a topic of debate amongst Ethereum developers for like, forever. As long as I've been in crypto as long as I've been here in Ethereum, EIP 3074 has been a thing for a very long time. It was picked up, it was debated years ago. It was dropped, it was ignored. It got picked up again recently. Now it's getting pushed through. And so it's actually kind of like a monumental hurdle that's overcome, because this is actually kind of like the start of increasing the scope of the sophistication of smart contract wallets that are enabled in the layer one. We are starting small, as we do in Ethereum, and then we are expanding the scope as we come to consensus about what features should be enshrined on the layer one. This is like doing the thing that Ethereum is very cautious about doing, which is putting opinions and adding complexity into the layer one. But we're doing it. And so if you've ever traded a token on uniswap that you haven't traded before, you have to go and first approve that token. Multiple steps.
Speaker A: Multiple steps.
Speaker B: Yep. Now this is all being bundled up into one single like smart service. So no more token approvals at the layer one. Also, this unlocks sponsor accounts and so you can actually have no gas in your wallet. But through smart contract wallets, you can actually have a third party pay for your gas for you. And so, like, you actually don't need any gas, you just have assets and somebody else pays for your gas. And there's a bunch of other features as well. But basically, like I said, it's just the big first foot in the door to unlock the entire landscape of smart contract wallets for the Ethereum layer one.
Speaker A: Yeah, wallet asset recovery is another thing about this. We could have social recovery wallets. I think that's great. Here's the thing I'm most excited about this bunch of people, crypto natives listening to bankless right now. They might have dozens of wallets. The question is, what happens to those wallets? Do I have to create a brand new wallets? Here's the best part, okay, you can migrate your existing EOA wallet, same ETH address to account abstracting account abstraction wallet, and get all of those benefits that I didn't realize before. I learned a bit more about this, that it would be so backward compatible, I guess, or like I thought, I just assumed that we'd have to create all new wallets and this would be possible in the future. My legacy wallets are all foobar, but they're nothing. You can actually like all the wallets that you've spent so much time and have so much history in, they can turn into account abstraction wallets, which I think is a pretty big deal. Give us a sense for when this is coming, David. So next Ethereum hard fork. Okay, so that's. It's been approved for that, but when is the next Ethereum hard fork?
Speaker B: Well, no one really knows when. No one asks when is the next Ethereum hard fork?
Speaker A: We always do.
Speaker B: We always ask sometime at the end of this year, probably, which means probably at the start of next year, which means probably q two of next year. These things tend to get delayed. So think like early 2025.
Speaker A: Early 2025. That's some nice padding, David. I'm optimistic for Q 120 25 that we'll have this, but we'll see.
Speaker B: It's again the next upgrade. Next hard fork for Ethereum is called Pektra, which is a combination of. Should we even go into this? I think we should prog and Elektra. So Electra is a star. Ryan? Prague is a city, but Prague is the execution layer of Ethereum, and Electra is the consensus layer of Ethereum. Wait, Electra, it's a star.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So this is how Ethereum hard forks are named. So you take a city that's on planet Earth, and that is the execution layer. Hard fork. And then you take a star, a name of a star, somewhere in the sky, and then you portmanteau them together. And that's how we name Ethereum hard forks. Did you know that?
Speaker A: Oh, wow. No, I didn't know that. And how many?
Speaker B: What happens when you let dev nerds name your heart for you?
Speaker A: I want Beetlejuice, Betelgeuse. You know that star, big red Dwarf?
Speaker B: Well, so we already passed b, so e is. It was a b C D. So, like after Electra, it will be an f named star. An f star with f star.
Speaker A: I don't know any f stars.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker A: Well, I can't wait, but I can't.
Speaker B: But I bet you the ef devs do, because they would.
Speaker A: Nerds.
Speaker B: Nerds.
Speaker A: We love you guys. That's great. I'm really excited to talk about. What is it you said? Pectra.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Get the people excited about Pectra. It's coming. All right, tell us about Eigen layer, because it is. It did a main ledger last week. Yeah. Now it's unpausing, restaking deposits. What does this mean? Is this mean floodgate is open to all the capital, all of the ETH. That's important to Eigen layer. Now, you can just like. But you know, there's no limit. There's no limit. There's no cap.
Speaker B: There's no limit. Yeah. So there was twelve and a half, $13 billion of ETH and related lsts inside of eigen layer.
Speaker A: Time of the cap, 4 million in ethics.
Speaker B: Yeah, something like that. Someone do the math for me. They are now completely just removing the cap on lsts. And so there was never any cap on native restaking. So you could always put vanilla ether in and natively restake. And you would generally do this via LRT's, like Etherfi or Renzo or whatever. But now there's actually just no formal caps whatsoever.
Speaker A: We've slowed down a little bit. Like, how high do you think? I mean, this is like at.
Speaker B: I mean, how much eth can Eigen layer break up? A lot of heat.
Speaker A: I mean, we're at like, what you like, 4% ish of supply, something like this.
Speaker B: 3%. 3%.
Speaker A: I guess that's not that much. The bitcoin ETF's already have over 3% of bitcoin supply. I think we could go higher. I think we can get to five, six.
Speaker B: Eigen layer is equivalent to the bitcoin ETF's for Ethereum.
Speaker A: That's large, don't you think? Don't you think it's that it's that it could. It could slurp up that much in terms of ETh? I guess it depends.
Speaker B: It already has. It already has.
Speaker A: No, but, like. Yes, it already has, but like, I'm calling for, like, a higher number.
Speaker B: I'm calling like, I want to say a number.
Speaker A: When will we see double digits? Double this double digit youth supplier percentage.
Speaker B: Or Ethan I percent.
Speaker A: Percent.
Speaker B: Wow. 10%. Okay, so you need. What is that? 12 million ether and Eigen layer?
Speaker A: We need to triple.
Speaker B: Man. That is. I don't know. I don't know.
Speaker A: It depends on the AVss.
Speaker B: It depends on the AV's.
Speaker A: If you don't speak Eigen layer. AV's is just the. The thing built on top of eigen layer. Eigen.
Speaker B: The things that produce, the yield they produce, the utility they collect, the fees they give them to the ls, lrts, and then they are collected by capital depositors.
Speaker A: Restaking has been an absolute massive narrative.
Speaker B: This cycle, particularly for an untested narrative for a very long time.
Speaker A: Let me tell you, David, something that's. That's. That's here whether you like it or not. It's called alt restaking. That's what I'm calling it. I don't know if any that's going to catch on. But we've got some new restaking networks on the scene that are doing non Ethereum stuff. One is called nectar. Is it nectar?
Speaker B: Nectar. Nectar.
Speaker A: Okay. And then this one, kerak. Karak.
Speaker B: Yeah, I know karak. Karak. K a r a k. Bankless. Or you figure out how to pronounce.
Speaker A: That big, big rays on this one. Too big. Kerak got $1 billion from a whole bunch of VC's to accelerate universal.
Speaker B: They got $48 million at a $1 billion valuation.
Speaker A: Man, I am a VC, I should know how this works. Okay, so alt restaking, that's a thing. And the focus, it seems to be, at least with this narrative, is non Ethereum tokens. So Eigen layer, the only thing you can stake inside of Eigen layer right now is ether or ether derivatives or ether derivatives. And these restaking networks are saying, hey, we could do all of the tokens, why stop at eth? We can do everything. There's one interesting thing though here, which is Eigen layer is also going to do other things besides ethereum, and that's been part of their design from day one, is where they start with ether because it's the most money like, highest economic bandwidth thing.
Speaker B: But also it's mainly the unit of account of. This is Sriram's explanation. You use ether because it's the unit of account of their respective ecosystems, because generally the economics are denominated in ether.
Speaker A: So you have to pay your taxes in ether, basically. So you may as well.
Speaker B: Right? Yeah, they don't want any cross volatility risks. So you denominate your assets and your liabilities in the same unit of account. You start off by ether because that's what the ethereum ecosystem generally denominates in. But then you can also expand to other assets because mainly you don't want to have this extra risk, which is cross asset volatility. There you go. This Eigen layer strategy is like, well, most things are going to be eth denominated first, and then we'll get to USCC things denominated later. A pretty cool little road rabbit hole in the Eigen layer ecosystem is dual staking. And so you would stake ether, but then you would also stake the native token of a respective AV's as well. And so you can have both things, providing security. And this is the Eigen layer. Slow roadmap, slow crescendo of scope. So you start with ETH, then you add a native token of a specific app, and then eventually, you can just do anything as well.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, I think it's a hallmark of Eigen layer success that they have. Alts now, you know you're successful when you start getting alternatives to your solution coming aboard, so. And I do think this is going to be. It's been a. A super successful narrative, so of course it was going to attract competitors.
Speaker B: And this is related to mostly Kerak network. Their whole narrative is like, you can stake anything. Nectar. The first one that we talked about, their whole thing is DVT distributed validator technology. This is actually a pivot from Diva. So if you all remember the Diva LST project that was always trying to leverage DVT to just be an improved version of rocket pool, they have since pivoted into being a re staking platform that leverages DBT. So for bankless systems that. Remember that name, that's where Nectar came from.
Speaker A: I'm sure we are going to be talking about restaking at the permissionless conference, which anytime we get a chance to shout out permissionless, I'm going to be there. David's going to be there. It's in October.
Speaker B: Many of these projects are going to be there. We actually do have a panel about restaking. Alt. Re staking. Oh, really? Yeah, because there's a retaking. Well, there's Babylon on bitcoin. There's a retaking project on Solana. And so this is actually. These aren't the first two, like, all re staking ones. These are the first two to actually also focus on Ethereum.
Speaker A: Sriram's coming to that as well. He's coming to permissionless. Bankless listener. If you want a 10% discount, you can go get that, the code, bankless ten at any point in time. And you, like, go come to permission list with us. It's gonna be a great conference. We'll be in the middle of the bull market. It'll be beautiful.
Speaker B: Be good times, bankless citizens. You guys get 30%. So if you guys are listening to this on the RSS fee or wherever.
Speaker A: Your bank list, don't settle for 10%.
Speaker B: Don't settle 30%. The code is not bankless 30, so don't try that.
Speaker A: All right, David. Immutable is doing some. Are they doing. What is this? Are they doing layer three?
Speaker B: More chains? We're talking about more chains. More chains on a threes, right?
Speaker A: Am I right?
Speaker B: So, yeah, so they are building what is called the immutable nexus, the ecosystem of gaming chains. And so, of course, they are building out chains for the games that are part of the immutable ecosystem. There's a lot of games coming online right now. I was actually. I don't think you're much of a gamer these days, Ryan, but there's this Dark Souls game. Are you familiar with Dark Souls? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. There's this dark souls because, like, it created its whole entire genre because it's such an awesome series of games. There's a crypto esque. Not even ask. There's a Dark Souls game where all the assets are on chain.
Speaker A: Really?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: What's this called?
Speaker B: The fabled. Yeah, I actually demoed it at ETH Denver last year.
Speaker A: It was a little about these things are just no users, people, different world, different.
Speaker B: No, there. No, this one isn't out yet. It's on Steam with a coming soon. You can demo it if you want to. I think you can jump through some hoops.
Speaker A: I remember it's totally fine with, like, crypto games because I know some platforms.
Speaker B: Have not been, well, this hasn't launched, but it's got a Steam page. It's got a steam page for this game that is very elegant. The graphics are beautiful. It was a little bit clunky when I played it, but I played it back in 2023, and so, like, a year over a year ago.
Speaker A: So I'm assuming this, is this going to be on? Is fable going to be unimmutable or the fabled?
Speaker B: I think so. I think it's able. I don't know. I'll ask Robbie. Anyways, it might have its own chain because that's what this whole announcement is. And so you are, as a game, get to have your own ZK EVM. Because the costs of chains are just like, so low these days. Uh, like spinning up a chain with conduit. You can go to conduit and just spin up an op stack chain for $3,000 a month. It's probably a little bit more for ZK Evm.
Speaker A: This is a ZK EVM chain that settles on top of immutable, which is a layer two, which settles on top of ethereum. Right? So we got chains on chains again. It's a layer three. David, I found a layer three.
Speaker B: It's not. It's not exactly a layer. 3D Gen is a strict layer three. The ZkevM, it's more of a fractal mesh network, so it's a little bit more horizontal, so there's not strict settling down to one specific chain. It's actually all kind of like, settles together. But you do get dedicated throughput gaming is like, one of the most reasons why you would want your own sovereign chain. So you don't want to share block space with a different game. And so you get perfect customization. You get to reconfigure what your chain looks like. You can configure native tokens for gas and staking so your game can have a native token, and then you get the set of ecosystem partners out of immutable. So congrats to immutable.
Speaker A: David, I know you are one to stay on the frontier of crypto, aren't you? So I wanted to hear about some of your recent frontier experiences. I think you're coming up with podcasts on these, because I've been tuning into the bankless premium feed, and I caught one of the, well, I haven't listened to it yet, but it's waiting for me on the feed where you go and you talk about the crypto, the game.
Speaker B: Mm hmm.
Speaker A: Let's start there. What is crypto the game? Because I've been among, like, my crypto friend circles. Everyone's talking about this thing, and it's been described to me as, like, survivor meets crypto.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: It's about reality tv show type of thing. Like, what is this thing?
Speaker B: Yeah. Think of it like an MMO multi massive multiplayer online survivor reality tv show with economic rewards.
Speaker A: Like, do I get the prize for, like, if I win?
Speaker B: Yeah. Economic reward is like putting it into, like, crypto terms. You get a prize for winning the game, but I guess I could just say prize. Yes, it's a prize. It's not like Axie Infinity, where there's, like, an economic game. It's much more like a reality tv show where, like. So the way that the game works, this is crypto the game. There has been two seasons, so we have seen two of these things happen. Season one lasted ten days. Season two lasted ten days. Season one had about 300 players. Season two had about 800 players. And you put in a 0.1 eth entrance fee into the pot, and then the winner gets the entire pot minus the cut for the game devs who put in a ton of work building this thing. And so it's also like, it's very much like squid games. You know, the Netflix squid game things where everyone, like, it starts off with, like, a thousand people or whatever, and then it gets whittled down and whittled down and whittled down, and then the last one gets all the money.
Speaker A: People aren't getting killed here. What? They're just getting voted, voted off. Right yeah.
Speaker B: They get. They get eliminated. Yeah.
Speaker A: And so it's a social game.
Speaker B: It's a social game. Yeah.
Speaker A: Man, that sounds terrible. This sounds like high school. I don't want to do this. Why would I do this?
Speaker B: Apparently, people are having a ton of fun. Okay. There's the actual game, which is, like, once per day, there's a trial that you have to go do, like, a little mini game. Like, you have to go complete a quest or something. You have to do an on chain scavenger hunt. Sometimes there's an end of real life scavenger hunt. There's a bunch of different games. Every 24 hours is, like, the same. There's a new game, but then at the end of every 24 hours, there's a voting period to vote people off the island. Like, vote to eliminate. And so you are in a tr. You are given a group. You're grouped up at the very beginning. And so you and your group have to, like, coordinate, and you generally trust each other. But you also know that eventually you're gonna have to vote some of these people off. But mainly, since you're grouped up, you want to vote other tribes off first. And so, like, it's a game. It's a game of elimination.
Speaker A: Why don't you do this? Have you done this?
Speaker B: I have not done this. I have heard. One of the things that I like about this actually is, like, it's a very equitable game.
Speaker A: So it's not like, a popularity contest.
Speaker B: No, it's definitely. No. In fact, popularity is, like, kind of a curse because then you're a target.
Speaker A: Oh, is that what you're saying? Yeah.
Speaker B: So I have been told popular to use it.
Speaker A: David is.
Speaker B: I have been told that if I entered the game as a player, that there would just be a huge target on my back just because, like, oh, david, let's just vote him off. Let's just get him out of here.
Speaker A: I could see that, you know, given some of your comments on bankless, I could definitely see that made some enemies. David, it. All right, well, that's cool. So do you. You think it's cool? You think it's a. Something that bank listeners might be interested in on the frontier?
Speaker B: Well, I mean, we have our own employees who are, like, can't get their eyes off.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: It's one of the most popular things to come out. So, yeah, season three, it will happen in, like, four to six weeks or something.
Speaker A: And if you want to find out more, David did, like, a 20 minutes episode or something. It's on the bankless premium feed. If you are a bankless citizen, you have access to that right now. I'm going to actually listen that and see if it says I won't have time for it, I'm not going to do it.
Speaker B: Yeah, apparently it's very consuming. For how much? But, like, the winner got 72 ether of season two.
Speaker A: That's big. That's pretty cool. All right, what's the other thing you're on the frontier of these days.
Speaker B: Okay, so this is the Zero X Maki project. For those who don't know the lore around Zero X Maki, he was the first person to step up and run the whole sushi swap project after chef Nomi. Rugged. So generally, like, very technically talented below.
Speaker A: He didn't rug anyone though, right? Chef maki?
Speaker B: Xerox Maki did not.
Speaker A: Chef Nomi, he was the good guy in crypto history.
Speaker B: Yes. Xerox Maki was the one that fixed the ship of Sushiswap after Chef Nomi f'ed it up. But this is ancient 2021, so people know this. Anyways, he's been involved with a bunch of stuff. Very well respected, beloved Dev has been hyping this thing up called heroglyphs, and no one knows what this is because it's not released yet, but it will be by the time it's released, when bankless listeners listen to it because it's releasing tomorrow. And so it's purported, it's touted to be this thing that helps the decentralization of Ethereum, the Ethereum validator network. So it is a mechanism that rewards decentralization. It rewards solo stakers over organizational or institutional stakers. And everyone's like, how do you do that? That is an impossible nut to crack. No one's been able to figure out how to do that. How do you even identify solo stakers? And so I spent, like, 30 minutes talking with him. It's not on a podcast, but if this thing does blow up, maybe we will do a podcast. It's pretty clever. So basically how this works, you know graffiti space in the beacon chain, Ryan?
Speaker A: Yeah, I do know this.
Speaker B: Okay, so in the beacon chain, when you, as a proposer of a block, as a ETH validator, there is this thing called graffiti. And actually, I don't know why core devs put this in there. And Maki said he didn't know why either. But, like, there are, is this 32 character space for you to put a little graffiti every time you propose a block to Ethereum. So if you propose a block, you get to say, like, something, something when. When bankless proposes a block, because we run our validators, it says bankless was here.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's right. That's right. I forgot we did that. Yeah.
Speaker B: So clever. So clever.
Speaker A: Super original. I dare you to copy us.
Speaker B: It's amazing. Anyways, that is kind of. Well, because anything is data availability that has characters in it. And so shaking my head. And so what Xerox Maki is doing is he is using graffiti space to produce ordinals type things where. But except instead of producing ordinals, you can actually mint a token on a layer two by encoding using a very, like, similar to ens coding scheme. You can code in a token. So, like dollar sign bonkless, you just.
Speaker A: Create a syntax for it and you stuff it in a block in a place where, like, it's not supposed to be. Data is not supposed to be here. This is exactly. I'm surprised that this is such bitcoin ordinals energy. I'm surprised Casey Rotomore didn't do this. Renamore isn't doing this. But it's.
Speaker B: Yeah, but he's a bitcoiner, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, but it's the same kind of approach, same concept.
Speaker B: It's the same concept.
Speaker A: There's this empty data field. We can.
Speaker B: We can put some tokens in there.
Speaker A: If we, if we can just create a scheme and a way to decipher it, then, like, we can stuff stuff in it. So that's what he's doing. Well, how does this benefit solo stakers? That's the part I don't understand, because.
Speaker B: You can't claim these. So you. The. Who gets these tokens? So the token is minted when you propose a block, and you put the token, like, ticker into the, into the graffiti, but the token is minted on a layer two, so you actually don't touch the layer one, but it's minted to the address that your withdrawal credentials is set to. Oh, cool. If so, a solo staker generally has their withdrawal addresses set to, like, an eoa that they own, but like, Lido does not like Lido has it set to a dao, like rockable, has it set to their, any sort of institution has it set to a smart contract. And in this protocol, in heroglyphs, if your withdrawal address is a smart contract, it's invalid. It is only valid for people who have their withdrawal addresses set to individual eoas. So it's not a perfect targeting of solo stakers. So it's like he didn't perfectly crack the nut, but like, it's directionally correct. And it's going to create a bunch of meme coins that only solo stakers have access to.
Speaker A: It sounds so much like runes to me.
Speaker B: It basically is runes, but using ethereum beacon chain, that's going to be the.
Speaker A: ERC 20 killer is here. It's a heroglyph. We're going to encode it in graffiti. Wow. Okay.
Speaker B: It's pretty. I don't see if it takes off. We'll see if it takes off.
Speaker A: It's easy for it to take something like that to take off on bitcoin, because what other option you have. It's a little bit different in theory, but it could be good for meme coins. Who knows? I'm sure we'll have to see. Update us on Solana. So they had like, is this my job? Yes. You are our bankless Solana correspondent.
Speaker B: Solana responder.
Speaker A: So Solana was having some problems with all of the volume it was receiving. In particular, there was a project called, or that I think was like, quote unquote spamming the network. Anyway, the end result was people Solana users couldn't get transactions through.
Speaker B: Users got pushed out.
Speaker A: Yeah, they got pushed out. You keep hitting the button and fail transaction. Fail transaction. There's supposed to be an update for this. They deployed the update. Am I right about this? Like, what is the update? What happened? Did it work?
Speaker B: Okay, so Solana version 1.17.31, which is this, I think, short term interim fix for what is a longer, more sustainable fix, is now deployed. I think the validators are now on this version. I'm not going to pretend that I know what's in this version. So I'm just going to read a tweet from somebody who does know. If I just read this out, it would just be a bunch of networking stuff. So a bunch of networking stuff, and now it works better.
Speaker A: Well, that was the problem right there. One part of the problem was the network tech that they had chosen just wasn't scaling to the level that they needed, so they swapped that out. There's some other problems, like economic sustainability problems, but what I'm hearing from Solana users, it's been a little bit since I used the Solana network, but what I'm hearing from Solana power users is it's kind of late, cleared up. And part of this, by the way, is, or has stopped. You know, like the stain that was spamming everyone has kind of stopped, so. But also this network change was somewhat effective. So there you go. We got our hot fix in, basically.
Speaker B: So since Solana does not have a mempool, what becomes the mempool is like the networking layer of Solana, aka the Internet. And so that is, the Solana mempool is like the networking layer.
Speaker A: Are you asking me this?
Speaker B: No, I'm. No, I'm telling you that this is what happens when you. When you delete a mempool, is that it moves into the networking layer. So it's just like the message passionate messaging protocol around Solana. So they're just improving that.
Speaker A: David, you want to hear about a stablecoin bill?
Speaker B: I love it. Tell me more.
Speaker A: You don't love it? It sucks. It really sucks. This is Senator Lummis and Senator Gillibrand Bill. It says, introduce a bipartisan landmark legislation to create regulatory frameworks for stablecoins. Sounds really good, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, we do want regulatory frameworks for stable coins.
Speaker A: Okay, so I saw this and I was kind of excited. Hey, is it finally time? Are we getting, like, good regulation around stablecoins? I asked our crypto lawyer friends, and my first question was, of course, where I always start with stable coins legislation is, does this kill Dai? Their answer was, yes, it kills Dai.
Speaker B: Oh, okay.
Speaker A: So it kills any kind of algorithmic stablecoin followed by my, like, crypto lawyer contest dies.
Speaker B: Not an algorithmic stable coin, but they say it is.
Speaker A: Yeah, it kills Dai. Right. Like, also Luna and everything like that. But also.
Speaker B: Wait, let me guess. It kills everything that doesn't have of us dollars in a bank somewhere.
Speaker A: It might even call kill USDC, David. All right. That's how silly this is. All right. Anyway, so the overarching comment from crypto lawyers, because, you know, Senator Lummis has been a friend of crypto, so called. With friends like these, who needs enemies? All right, that was like the comment. Because, like, this is bad, actually. It kills every stable that's not issued by a bank or a chartered trust, which I don't think that's USDC, that. Oh.
Speaker B: It's just they're not power to the bank.
Speaker A: Yup. And then also it has these, like, extra territorial provisions, apparently. So it's kind of like exporting. It's imagining that the entire world revolves around the US, and we could just, like, export us law to stable coin transactions that are completely outside of the US. So it's bad. It's not great. I asked if this was like, the bill that's going to go forward. It has some support. It's very early, people are still digesting it. There are other different bills that are in some sort of, like, formulation phase. So hopefully we just like, reform this bill. We get like all the stupid stuff out of it, and we get the good stuff back into it. And it's a real bill, but it's like discouraging. It's discouraging because, like, it kind of helps with regulation. Congress. And that's, this is what they give us. No thanks. Don't help us with the regulation.
Speaker B: Then, like just we keep on saying, like, hey, we ultimately need to get legislation from the congress. And I'm always assuming, like, sure, they're gonna throw like seven bad bills at us, and then the 8th one will finally be good and we'll just get that one in. But that also was like four bills ago. Yeah. And so it kind of just feels like, oh, yeah, we actually have to like, get a good bill, and we haven't gotten that ever.
Speaker A: This is Jake Trevinsky. The bill published today is deeply flawed. It appears to ban nearly everything except a narrow band of centralized custodial, stable coins. This would be far worse than the status quo.
Speaker B: Sick.
Speaker A: You want to run for Congress, David? Let's do it.
Speaker B: No, absolutely.
Speaker A: You and I, let's go fix this.
Speaker B: I don't. I don't.
Speaker A: Mister Hoffman goes to Washington, we'll fix it all.
Speaker B: I would not survive a day in Washington. I would get chewed up by those politicians.
Speaker A: Let's talk about raises, two startup raises.
Speaker B: That we want to highlight out of the bankless ventures universe this week. Aligned layer raising $2.6 million. Congrats, guys. Is aligned layer. Aligned layer is an AV's which is outside of the Eigen layer ecosystem is basically a sidecar to Ethereum for super cheap ZK verifications. This is in the ZK universe, basically just like how we have blob space on the Ethereum layer one, EIP 4844. Eventually, in the fullness of time, Ethereum also wants to enshrine specific ZK circuits to have inside of the feature set of the Ethereum layer one to benefit roll ups. More secure ZK settlement. Just like a feature for layer twos and just people to use.
Speaker A: Because ZK EVM ZK rollups are consuming that service right now. Right? You have to get your ZK proof verified on Ethereum, and it's expensive right now.
Speaker B: Yeah. So what if we just actually dedicated a ZK circuit as a part of the Ethereum protocol? That layered to ZK layer two could very trustlessly just leverage for trustless, perfect settlement of their layer twos. This is something that will eventually be inside of the Ethereum protocol. But the total scope of all of these ZK circuits that could exist is completely limitless. And so for everything else that's not making it into the Ethereum layer one, there's a lined layer, an external AV's for any sort of extremely cheap, extremely fast ZK proving. Kind of like how Eigen DA is similar to Ethereum DA, but using Eigen layer as an AV's aligned layer is an ion layer AV's except for ZK circuit proving.
Speaker A: Yeah, the net is this is going to be make proving and verification really, really cheap, which hopefully will enable a massive ecosystem of new ZK apps. Like a ZK rollup is just one type of ZK app, and we haven't seen what's possible in kind of this whole sphere.
Speaker B: Second up is Niebuhr, which is a ZK proof aggregator. So all of these ZK rollups who submit proofs down to the Ethereum layer one, they paydeh for that, they pay to put their proof down on the Ethereum layer one. But a ZK snark is succinct, as in it is a very specific number of characters. That's what the sink succinct is here. What if Nibra just consumed other people's ZK proofs and then aggregated them all together and spit out another ZK proof to settle all that singular ZK proof down to the Ethereum layer one. Economies of scale. It's more cheap for all of these ZK proofs. And so Nibra, ZK proof aggregator, raised 4.5 million again, one of a bankless venture's portfolio companies. So congrats to aligned layer and Nibra.
Speaker A: This is all part of the trend of going from like compute to trustless compute. I mean, there are some ZK bulls out there who think basically the entire Internet is going to be ZK ified, right? And so like that. That's why we need everything. We need abundant ZK verification. We need to be super cheap.
Speaker B: ZK on your phone, ZK on your browser, ZK on your smart refrigerator. Just cuz like everything will get everywhere.
Speaker A: David, tell me about the meme of the week, man. Send with this.
Speaker B: Okay, so this is one of the greatest like tweets I saw this week. Tim Koplin tweeting out the classic shot chaser line. And Avi, Avi Eisenberg, if you guys remember this name. Who is the person who did some on chain market manipulation of, I believe, mango market? If the meme I executed a highly profitable trading strategy means anything to you, this is that guy. And right after this individual manipulated some economic oracles to exploit mango markets, he tweets out, what are you going to do, arrest me? And this is when, right after he just exploited 2022. In 2022, he exploited mango markets for like some millions of dollars. And here is a picture from an article that went out that justice last week. Week. Federal jurors in New York on Thursday found Avi Eisenberg, 28, guilty of commodities fraud, commodities manipulation and wire fraud for his actions on October 11, 2022, when his trading boosted the prices of future contract by 1300 percent in 20 minutes. Sentencing a set for July 29, he was indeed arrested. Crimes are still crimes when you do them in crypto PSA, it's a bankless name.
Speaker A: So if I, if I steal your crypto money, David, it's still stealing, huh?
Speaker B: That is still theft. If you steal crypto from someone, it is still theft. If you manipulate markets, it is still illegal. Commodities market manipulation, crimes are still crimes when you do them in crypto. Public reminder, I thought all of this.
Speaker A: Was like imaginary money, but like, it's good to know that this is serious stuff. Crimes are crimes. All right, guys, let's end with this. Of course, you know, crypto is risky. You could lose what you put in. But we are headed west. This is the frontier. It's not for everyone. But we're glad I you with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
