Speaker A: Layer two.
Speaker B: Summer is getting hotter and hotter. Three new roll up ecosystems have joined Ethereum just this last week. This isn't just another op stack. It's not just another arbitrum or Zksync. These are brand new ecosystems coming into the Ethereum. Layer two. Roll up fold.
Speaker A: Bankless nation. It is the fourth Friday of September. David, what time is it?
Speaker B: Ryan? It's the bankless Friday weekly roll up, where we cover the entire weekly news in crypto, which is always an ambitious endeavor. This week, no exception, yet we persevere into the frontier nonetheless. Nonetheless. How are you doing this week, Ryan?
Speaker A: I'm good, man. Back from permissionless. Feeling energized. It was great to meet the community last week in person, get some proof of humanity.
Speaker B: One time a year that Ryan manifests.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Some hugs, wow. Handshakes, high fives, stuff like that. Fist bumps. Yeah, it was great. Anyway, okay, we got some topics of the week. David. The SEC, they're coming after the celebs, man. Mila Kunis, Ashton Kutcher, Gary Gensler does not like what they did with their NFT project. We're going to talk about that. What else we got?
Speaker B: But why this NFT project? Is it because of the celebrities? We'll talk about that coming up after that. Ethereum collects three new roll ups this week, two of them previous layer ones. Now layer twos on Ethereum and the third based on Solana. Solana on Ethereum as an l two. What is going on with that? We're going to cover that. And then, Ryan, what's after that?
Speaker A: We got Coinbase. Apparently they have a 570 eth work of Alchemyx's money. How in the world did that happen? And should they give it back? This is kind of an MeV question.
Speaker B: Legal question, moral question, some big questions.
Speaker A: It's a quandary. It's a real quandary. We got on today's episode. And then speaking of quandaries, Mark Cuban, he lost almost a million dollars in a wallet hack. Not good news. We'll tell you a bit more about that, David. Before we get in. We got a message from our friends and sponsors over at David. Let's get to the markets, though. Speaking of cool stuff, how are we looking on bitcoin price? Is that cool?
Speaker B: No, you're cool stuff. Not cool. Not cool stuff. Bitcoin lost dollar 100 in the week, which isn't that crazy.
Speaker A: No, that's not that crazy at all. I mean, it's not cool, but it's not like bad not cool. Yeah, it's something in the middle. How about eth?
Speaker B: It's worse. Definitely not cool. Down 3%. Started the week at 1640. Currently at 1590. I think I saw a low at 1575. Not. Not cool. It's not cool.
Speaker A: Thanks to Kraken for these charts, though. And if I press reload, does the price go up at all?
Speaker B: I should try to try that a few more times.
Speaker A: How many times do you do that per day? Just like, you know, if you don't like the price, you just reload.
Speaker B: That's never worked for me. That only works in the bull market, where you legitimately reload, and all of a sudden you're like, you know, a few bits.
Speaker A: There are those days. You're all going to those days. Yeah, it was distant in the stupid.
Speaker B: Large green candles, man. We haven't had a stupid large green candle in a long time.
Speaker A: I miss them. I'm starting to miss them.
Speaker B: Absolutely deprived of dopamine, man.
Speaker A: Double digit days, right? Where you just like, you'd look at the charts and it'd be up like 10%. You look at them again, it'd be up like 15%. You look at it again, it's like, up 19%. You look at it again, it's down to back to 12%. It's just the whole day.
Speaker B: You go into work and I'm like, what am I doing here? I remember my first cycle.
Speaker A: I'm not saying it's healthy, okay?
Speaker B: I'm just saying, no, it is. It's bad for your mental health, but it's temporarily good. You know, it's just a drug. You know, it's just like cocaine.
Speaker A: Oh, wow. Yeah. I wouldn't know anything about that, David, but maybe that's for a different show. Here's your tweet. Speaking of tweet, ETH has spent almost 500 days between 1100 and 2200. That's two x, bottom and top. Compared to 2017, ETH spent 700 days between 80 and 320. That's forex bottom and top. Okay? It's getting dangerous because David is charting. So tell me about the chart, man. What's your ta analysis here?
Speaker B: I mean, it's just a comparison of time, right? It makes sense that in 2017 to 2020, that bear market, that it was a forex bottom to top range. Things were less liquid, they were lower market cap. That's just the nature of markets now. 700 days, that is the thing I'm comparing here. The thing I'm trying to get apples to apples. So 700 days was the bear market of old. Today. We are passing 500 days of this current bear market between 1100 and 2200.
Speaker A: So have we paid our dues? Is that what you're telling me? Or we got 200 more days to go.
Speaker B: I think the left curve, bell curve take is we got 200 more days to go. Also, I will say we're at the top of the. Closer to the top of the range, where ether is falling down to 1575 right now. 1575 and 1100. There's a gap there. So in that 200 days, like, not necessarily clear skies, 200 days to go.
Speaker A: Would put us in 2014, right? Maybe like mid 2014 or. Sorry, God, 2014, 2024 is what. I meant, the wrong four. But what if this cycle is a little bit longer than the last cycle? Isn't there some truth to the idea that every cycling takes a little bit longer lengthening cycles? How about that theory?
Speaker B: Correct. Yes. The length cycles have tended to lengthen out a little bit. There's also the conversation of, like, well, was it even crypto's four year cycle? Or was it the liquidity in the macro four year cycle? Lots of variables here. I think. Just like this stupid brain take is like 500 days. Last time was 700 days. You can start to see the light at the end of the tunnel. You don't have to think too hard about it. Maybe it's 300 days, which is a year, maybe.
Speaker A: Yeah, 300 days more, maybe 400. Maybe just 200, maybe 150. Right? We're in the range. We're in the zone. Let me ask you, because I feel like at this point in the market, we are our most sober ever. I know you're talking about earlier, but the truth is you and I are very, very sober.
Speaker B: Well, yeah, this is the very depressed range. Like, no one's getting excited. No one is, like, happy. Have you seen how much fighting there's going on on Twitter right now?
Speaker A: Everyone's angry.
Speaker B: Everyone is angry. And irritable is because we've got no serotonin in our system, we've got no dopamine.
Speaker A: Is that why? Okay, well, I'm gonna ask you in this very sober moment that you're in, call the top next cycle. Top. Okay. 300 days away or whatever. Eth price. Give me the top 15. We'll hearken back on this.
Speaker B: $15,000.
Speaker A: Wait, wait. What?
Speaker B: Fifteen to seventeen thousand dollars?
Speaker A: Fifteen to seventeen thousand dollars. That's a big bump from here.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: You think we're going ten to 15 x?
Speaker B: Wow. I mean, it's a pretty sober come down from, like, the last call, last cycles range, which we called for ten k, and we got not anywhere close.
Speaker A: Yeah, I guess last cycles range, you know, it was really hanging. This zone was like Anthony Cesano was.
Speaker B: Calling for $10,000 when Ether was $100, which is like he was the, I think he was the first big, like, person to like put a very confident flag in the ground saying like, ten k, ether's $100, I'm calling for a $10,000 ethk. I mean, we didn't get to $10,000, we got to $5,000. But like in a log logarithmic term, Anthony was right, I think.
Speaker A: So. My take on that is ten to 15k, this is pretty close, but above ten k, because the theory is it's a lengthening cycle, maybe, but it's also like a dampened, like we're not always going to get like. Yeah, and what was last cycle?
Speaker B: I'm hitting sell at 15,000, by the way.
Speaker A: Are you? You sell eth?
Speaker B: Well, how dare you? Yeah, at some point.
Speaker A: Is that allowed? Is that allowed on the bankless program? Are you allowed to sell eth?
Speaker B: Sure. At 15,000?
Speaker A: Yeah, just all of it. You're gonna.
Speaker B: No, I'm out. Yeah, I'm out. Job here is done. Bankless is closed.
Speaker A: We got you to 15k. See you later. Close for business.
Speaker B: You're on your own now.
Speaker A: You know, here's a secret about my co host, David. He's addicted to the podcast, you know, almost as much as I am, so we'll just change podcasts anyway. Okay, wait, do you have a top call for bitcoin or do you not care as much?
Speaker B: I don't care. Below 15k bitcoin. Yeah, sounds.
Speaker A: I feel like that's totally possible.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Shooting from the hip ratio, anything on.
Speaker B: The ratio this week it's down 3%.
Speaker A: And total crypto market cap, we're above.
Speaker B: A trillion, almost 1.1 trillion. Not dead yet.
Speaker A: Close, though. David, you want to talk about the fed a little bit?
Speaker B: Can you do it?
Speaker A: I can talk about the Fed, sure. The Fed leaves rates unchanged. That was the news of this week. So, you know, the rate of 5.25 to 5.5. They were scheduled to maybe think about changing that right now, and they decided not to change it, so there's no change. This is the chart over time, David, all the way from the 1970s, fed fund target rates and 19 good old 1970s, it was between like eight, 9%, and then by the early eighties. Remember Paul Volcker? I mean, we don't remember him, but I don't. He existed. He's a name that we know.
Speaker B: I did not exist when he was in his leadership position.
Speaker A: Well, way before your time, David. Hey. Yeah, no, I did, but he increased prices. Sorry. Market Fed fund rates to 19%. That is insane. Look, this is the story of the nineties. It was just down. And then the story of like, post 2008. It was like zero. It was very, very low. And now here we are back to 5.25%. When I look at this chart, it does not look organic at all. I don't know what to make of it. It's very controlled. It's not an organic chart for sure.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. This does kind of look like the interest rates last stand. It's like this is the first time interest rates have gone higher than they previously were. Like, we're marginally higher than the second to last most previous interest rate. But that's just because we just did helicopter money. Right. I feel like interest rates last down before. Well, I mean, I don't know. As inflation does increase, capital controls go up, interest rates might go up. Maybe it does get worse. I don't know.
Speaker A: Well, this is what the Fed projects is one more increase this year, two cuts in 2024. So one more increase and then we start cutting in 2024 again. These are just projections. And also the fed does not expect a recession, if that was on your weather report, and GDP will grow, so we'll see how that works out. That's the prediction coming down the pike for the Fed.
Speaker B: They're not expecting a recession and they're expecting GDP to grow.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay. So they're expecting sunny skies, only good things.
Speaker A: Good things. Good things.
Speaker B: My cynical take is like, yeah, sure.
Speaker A: Like, you know, I mean, but it hasn't been catastrophe. A lot of people calling for catastrophe. Remember Balaji, you know, 1 million bitcoin and all the banks are gonna fail. Hasn't happened yet.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're totally right. Like, when we were doing all the macro stuff a little bit over a year ago, like, everyone was giving us doom and gloom. And it hasn't been terrible. Kyla Scanlon, who I think has been the most tapped into this, has called this a vibe session. So people feel worse than the actual fundamentals of the economy. People report negative affect about inflation and their prospects, but the actual metrics of the economy don't support that alignment of negative sentiment towards the economy. So she's calling it a vibe session.
Speaker A: That's really interesting.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: I don't. I'm sure there's theories on what causes that, but we don't have time to get into them. Here's something we do want to get into, though, David, a question for you. How many Americans do you think own crypto right now?
Speaker B: Give me a ballpark. There are 330 million Americans or 350 million Americans.
Speaker A: And that includes all the kids, you.
Speaker B: Know, so all the kids, 5 million, 10 million?
Speaker A: More. Five x that coinbase.
Speaker B: 50 million.
Speaker A: 50 million. 50 million crypto owners. Let's see what the stats are here. Yeah. Coinbase says one in five Americans own crypto right now. And that is five x more Americans than own an electric vehicle. You know, that.
Speaker B: That's a weird stat. I mean, I get what they're saying. They're saying it's a weird step, but.
Speaker A: It'S a cool stat because they're putting, they're putting the crypto users into like, political cohorts. So here's another one. 3.5 x more Americans own crypto than belong to a trade union. Okay. There are 2.75 x more Americans that attended an NF. This is 2.75 x more Americans than attended an NFL game. Seat. So bigger than the NFL tribe too. Bigger than the football tribe. And this is two x more than american families who hold stock. That's unbelievable. I can't.
Speaker B: Who directly holds stock? Is that an important direction?
Speaker A: Yeah, maybe. Who directly holds stocks and not through mutual funds? Okay.
Speaker B: I don't even know how you directly own stock.
Speaker A: And this is more Americans than use Uber every month.
Speaker B: Or ride, yo. Crypto is more popular than Uber. That's kind of cool.
Speaker A: That's what Coinbase says.
Speaker B: Okay, here's a question to you. How many, at least this is on Ethereum, specifically, how many addresses hold USDC?
Speaker A: How many Ethereum addresses own USDC? I'm going to call 1.2 million.
Speaker B: Wow, pretty good. 1.7.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker B: It's not exactly relevant to what we were talking about, but I think it's a nice metric to talk about.
Speaker A: Well, do you want to know what the spread is in terms of demographics here? I said one in five adults own crypto and 75% of them have an income less than 100k. So this skews under six figure salary. 60% are Gen z or millennials, which probably not surprising, but also like 40% are boomers and Gen X, 41% are racial minorities. And 63% of crypto owners agree that the system unfairly favors powerful interests.
Speaker B: I'm not surprised about that. I feel like that should be higher.
Speaker A: So Coinbase is basically channeling this into political motivation, is basically saying, hey, we have a cohort go out vote, um, download the app, look at your candidates, and, uh, you know, get out there. And this is a message as much to crypto users as politicians. Like, we're a powerful cohort and force if we choose to use it. The one thing I would say is, I wonder how many of those 52 million Americans feel kind of down bad about crypto moving on, you know what I mean?
Speaker B: Next moving.
Speaker A: How many of them are like, I own crypto and I'm proud of it, and I can't wait to tell you about it. No, they're probably, I own crypto and.
Speaker B: I'm a bag holder.
Speaker A: They're probably like, yeah, mistakes were made. At least 2021.
Speaker B: At least 50%.
Speaker A: Anyway.
Speaker B: Can we move on to some happier news? I got some happier news. We have an anniversary to celebrate. Ethereum's first merge anniversary. So the first anniversary of full proof of. Well, not full proof of stake. Proof of stake. Ethereum happened on Friday, September 15. So here's some numbers since the merge, almost a million ether, 980,000 ether burned, I 11.6 million ether staked, and 362,000 100,000 validators. So pretty cool. Yeah. Congrats to the ethereum for having your first merch anniversary. You know what is the. This is the third anniversary of September. September 2023.
Speaker A: Right? What?
Speaker B: Bankless, LLC.
Speaker A: Oh, wow. When we started, we were like, we got a podcast.
Speaker B: Podcast is going well, let's put a ring on it. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: Let's register in the state of whatever. Virginia, Delaware, something like that.
Speaker B: Stupid nations.
Speaker A: Nations make this real.
Speaker B: Yeah, I always forgot about that.
Speaker A: Yeah. Well, happy anniversary, too, then.
Speaker B: Likewise, bankless, likewise.
Speaker A: But let's not overshadow the merge, okay? The merge is a little bit more important, but. Okay, I got a flip. Maybe some bad news. Depends on how you interpret this. Bye bye, ultrasound money.
Speaker B: David, it's gone.
Speaker A: Ultrasound money forever. Yes, forever. This was Ethereum's first inflationary month.
Speaker B: I think we're talking about in a.
Speaker A: Long time, in the month of September or the last 30 days or something. So some history. From October 2022 until now, there's only been one month in loss. There's only been one month where Ether, the asset, was not ultrasound money. Overall, there's been a gain of 414 million in 2023. But in September 2023, Ethereum block spaces only had one single profitable day. So in September, so far, there's 15.9 million in losses. David, does that kill ultrasound money? Meme, are we gone?
Speaker B: It's totally dead.
Speaker A: What are the reasons for this?
Speaker B: It's the bear market. It's just on chain activity super low. No one's minting new nfts, no one's doing any sort of d gen stuff. And simultaneously, layer two activity is up only. So I think the layer two stats, the activity on all layer twos are six x versus the ethereum layer one. This, this is what is expected from the layer two roll up centric roadmap thesis. We take Ethereum's economic activity and we move it onto the layer twos. So I don't think there's any coincidence in looking at the aggregate Ethereum layer two economic activity and the reduction of gas of ether being burnt on the layer one. This is what you would expect.
Speaker A: Yeah. Layer two s are very healthy. This is the highest we've seen at the scaling factor 6.21 this week. David, we have a question later in the episode, at the end of the episode about whether this is actually bullish or bearish for ether. For ether, the asset. So we'll talk about that. What else we got coming up?
Speaker B: Coming up next, we have a very important part of the answer to that question. Ryan is always going to be inside of the world of rollups layer two, summer is getting hotter and hotter. Three new roll up ecosystems have joined Ethereum just this last week. This isn't just another op stack. It's not just another arbitrum or zk sync. These are brand new ecosystems coming into the Ethereum layer two roll up fold. So we're going to talk about all of these. We're also getting our first privacy enabled layer two. So one that's already in the Ethereum ecosystem, but this one, private. Tons of things to talk about. And Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher, everyone's favorite NFT celebrities in the hot seat from Gary Gensler. There's just a lot, so much more to talk about. Even beyond that, all that is coming up and more. But first I'm going to talk about these fantastic sponsors especially we got a.
Speaker A: Narrative watch this week. Are all the chains moving to Ethereum? Are all the chains becoming layer twos? As a question we're posing this week, there's been some maybe evidence of movement this week, or at least support more than a little evidence ecosystem. I think we got three examples here. What are we talking about?
Speaker B: Aster network from Polkadot, Kanto from Cosmos and Eclipse, not necessarily from Solana, but using Solana technology. These are all brand new ecosystems coming to launch. Different layer twos powered by different technologies, all on Ethereum. So Aster Network from Polkadot will launch a ZKe EVM layer two powered by polygons technology. And so a quote out of San deep here, Aster is the leading blockchain of Japan, he says, which is probably why I'm not familiar with it. After launch, it quickly became the most notable parachain in the Polkadot ecosystem, focusing on owning the Japan market. Japan, with a large entertainment and gaming ecosystem, has the potential to become one of the biggest hubs of web three in the world, especially with the most crypto friendly regulatory environment. Jealous? So with the Polygon CDK, the chain development kit, this is the op stack of Polygon. Aster will be able to build a ZK powered layer two with a trustless bridge straight to Ethereum, the polygon subnet, the Polygon SDK, CDK. So this is Polygon taking a win from Polkadot. So that's the first one. You ready to move on to the second one?
Speaker A: Yes, yes. But before we do that. So they're taking a win from Polkadot, I would say, in a way, but also not. So I was corrected by the Polkadot community. Aster is not totally migrating Polkadot. So they're going to actually maintain their aster parachain on Polkadot. And this is like an expansion move? Yeah, I guess two chains. I don't know. I don't.
Speaker B: That. That doesn't fit in my understanding of expansion move.
Speaker A: And, you know, I don't know how this will change long term. Right. Whether, you know, they're gonna have to pick one chain or the other, but, yeah, that's what the founders reached out and said to me after I tweeted something super salacious, which we could do. We'd talk about that tweet later. Anyway, that's my caveat.
Speaker B: Okay. But one Polkadot and Ethereum are both trying to be settlement layers. One activity, activity from this chain, it has to pick one. Like, one chain. You can only be enshrined to one chain.
Speaker A: One chain to rule them all. Where you soaring, the dark Lord?
Speaker B: You can't. You can't be poly in your. There are no poly chains.
Speaker A: This is Polygon, though. They tell me I can't be poly.
Speaker B: Polygon settles to Ethereum. Okay, I will have to go get my confused.
Speaker A: Everyone.
Speaker B: I will have to go get my learn on, and we will talk about this next week. Cool.
Speaker A: What's the next one, though? You know that one a bit better.
Speaker B: Kanto. Yes, Kanto. It was previously a cosmos chain. It was Scott Lewis's project. It's the. What is it? The contract secured revenue model as a layer one. Now moving to a ZK layer two, powered by also Polygon's chain development kit. So Polygon, taking some dubs this week. So, Kanto, from a layer one to a layer two, my understanding, by the.
Speaker A: Way, in the size of this aster is about 500 million total locked value. Not necessarily that's all, you know, migrating, but that's a lot. Kanto. 40 million in terms of market cap. It was way up there and then it's right.
Speaker B: It had, it had, like. It had like a moment and then it went. Died back down. So additionally, with this pivot into a layer two on Ethereum, they are also pivoting into the world of real world assets. I know Scott Lewis is very bullish on real world assets, and so.
Speaker A: And where are they pivoting from, David? It's not, it's not.
Speaker B: It was a cosmos. It was a cosmos chain, wasn't it?
Speaker A: Yep, yep.
Speaker B: Cosmos strain, cosmos train. Yep, yep, yep, yep. Okay, ready for the third?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Eclipse. We did a show on eclipse with the founder, Neil, this week. And so this is the Solana virtual machine inside of an ethereum layer two, but not just Solana technology. Here we are using celestia for data availability and then risk zero for fraud proof. So we have Ethereum for settlement, ether for gas and payment tokens, the Solana virtual machine, celestia for data availability, and RisC zero for fraud proofs.
Speaker A: What?
Speaker B: What the hell is that?
Speaker A: It's a platypus chain. You had a meme about that. I don't know if it made the agenda, David, but, yeah, it's in there.
Speaker B: It's further down. Oh, no, I don't see any agenda. We'll get it. Sorry, it's on my Twitter. It was a good meme. It's a family guy. What the hell is this meme with four different animals all kind of slapped together. Okay, so why Solana VM? Why the Solana virtual machine? I don't even think Ethereum people will argue that it is just a great piece of technology. The EVM is custom built to do certain things. It's meant for security. It's not meant for execution. It's also made in the year 2015. It's got improvements, but it's just not built from the ground up.
Speaker A: It's single threaded rather than multi threaded.
Speaker B: Right. So multi threaded parallelization is what the SVM's got. It's also got localized fee markets to help with. Hotspots is what they call them, where people are just using the same state, and that needs to be jacked up in fees. But nothing else does. So now the Solana virtual machine, that piece of technology, is now a roll up on Ethereum, a layer two on Ethereum Celestia for data availability, just because it's got more bandwidth than Ethereum. And then risk zero for fraud proofs, of course. So I thought the episode that we did with Neil was extremely informative. I think this is a very strong validation of bankless theses, where I remember an old 29 tweet 2019 tweet of mine. Wow. Was just all about how, like, Ethereum is gobbling up all useful bits of technology. And this is one of the main reasons why I've never been able to fully understand the investment thesis behind Sol, because Sol and the SVM are different pieces of technology. And now the SVM is settling on Ethereum. So if Solana is as good as it purports to be as an execution layer, well, that can be settled on Ethereum. And so now it's eclipse versus Solana in my perspective.
Speaker A: Yeah, there's a full episode on that. And by the way, I'm clicking through it right now. Is this what I look like the whole freaking time when we interview people?
Speaker B: This is why I tell you to sit up every single time we start recording.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm your first super low. I'm super slapped.
Speaker B: But look at that face. And your camera sucks.
Speaker A: It's just, like, boring into the guests. Like, that's not hospitality at all.
Speaker B: This just. That's just a particular. One particular frame.
Speaker A: Really. Let's go to something.
Speaker B: If you. If you updated the camera that I gave you, the camera makes you smile more.
Speaker A: Oh, really?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I'll get to that, dude. I'll get right on that. It's only been.
Speaker B: I shipped Ryan a camera almost a month ago, and all he has to do is take the old camera off and put the new camera on and plug in the HDMI, and he hasn't done it yet.
Speaker A: It will get done. Next roll up. Maybe I make a promise, a public commitment to the bankless community. Next roll up, I will have a newly improved camera. And you can. You can hold me accountable on that.
Speaker B: You wouldn't. You wouldn't fail the bankless nation, would you?
Speaker A: I would never do that. Bankless.
Speaker B: Everyone talks.
Speaker A: Disappointed the bank.
Speaker B: Anyone. Everyone talks about how good your skincare is, Ryan. And so I think people are like, they would love to attempt to see the pores. You know, maybe. Maybe we can get even closer.
Speaker A: We'll zoom in, we'll zoom in. This is my comment from it. Yeah, that was a weird segue. Whatever.
Speaker B: Weird, weird segment.
Speaker A: Hope you guys enjoy the roll up. This is my comment on it. The largest chain from Polkadot just moved to Ethereum. That's Aster. The largest public comments chain from Cosmos just became a polygon validium. It's Kanto. And I hear the world's first Solana virtual machine, SVM layer two, is dropping. Ethereum roll ups are eating the world. That's my kind of eth sort of centric type take. I guess I'm in this a little bit because Aster didn't move to Ethereum. They just opened up a new residence. I guess.
Speaker B: I disagree with that, but I need to learn more.
Speaker A: Kanto definitely moved completely Canto's move.
Speaker B: Kanto is now in Ethereum layer two.
Speaker A: And there's some debate, there's some debate in the community as to whether the Solana virtual machine deploying, as in layer two, is actually bullish for Solana or bearish for Solana. I mean, there's a question of relative to Ethereum, and there's also a question of relative to other layer ones. Of course, like, you and I have our take on that. But before we get to kind of like our take on that, we should hear out some members of the Solana community. What's their take on that? David?
Speaker B: Yeah, so this is Myrrt, who does a Solana podcast, also the founder of Helium on Solana. He says seeing some awful takes about eclipse, an SVM based ETh layer two, and how it is, quote, bad for Solana. Please don't fall for such non serious comments. This is extremely bullish for Solana. This is open source software. It's as if, as great as we say, it's as if, as great as we say, it'll be much more concerning if it weren't being adopted. So he's saying like this, Solana, the SVM is so great, it would be weird if it wasn't adopted. And it is being adopted. So that's validation about how great Solana tech is. Solana's bottleneck has never been tech. It's been mindshare. And now, with maker forking, Solana and eclipse inject an injective adding SVM roll ups. You can see Solana is gaining mind share. Not only does this open the door for more developers, it also de risks those wanting to build on Solana, because now they can deploy in multiple environments versus just the Solana layer one, layer twos are inevitable. Ethereum isn't going to just stop working on them because you disagree with their roadmap. So he's talking to the Solana people here, kind of in the same way we talked about.
Speaker A: Yeah, but he's basically saying that the point is that any propagation of the SVM is good for Solana because it gets the SVM into more developers hands, more ecosystems, and then they kind of come back to Solana. So that's certainly a take. Here's another take. Who's this? Frankie?
Speaker B: Yeah. I don't know this Twitter account, but they write very well in a short of a tweet that this is, and I love history. And so I think this is. I agree with this egg. This is my perspective as well. He starts a tweet titling SVM roll ups and the Elgin marbles. Elgin Elgin marbles. In the early 19th century, the Earl of Elgin removed a collection of greek sculptures from the Parthian and placed them in the british museum. At the time, some Greeks justified the removal, saying that the placement of the marbles is in such a prestigious museum validated their artistic value. And indeed, to this day, the Elgin marbles are displayed in Britain, a testament to greek culture and artistry. Yet every time a museum ticket is sold, profit flows back to Britain, not to Greece. And 200 years later, you'd be hard pressed to find someone in Greece who thinks that this was a good trade. This is my perspective.
Speaker A: What does that mean for people who aren't into the metaphors and historical significance of this? Please link this.
Speaker B: Yes. So like I said, I would say even everyone and all the developers in Ethereum. The debate between Ethereum and Solana is not about the EVM versus the SVM. I think everyone in Ethereum will say yes, for execution purposes. The SVM is a marvelous piece of technology. The debate relies on the properties of Solana as a settlement layer versus Ethereum as a settlement layer. So Solana and all of its hard work has created the SVM. A lot of technical expertise has gone into the SVM. Now eclipse is taking that technology because it's open source and free to fork and saying, hey, since this is so good at execution, we're going to use this as a layer two on Ethereum, and we're going to tap into Ethereum's network effects, Ethereum's assets, ether as money, the liquidity.
Speaker A: I think we forgot to mention that, by the way. Eclipse is using ether as money.
Speaker B: Yes, I did mention that. So, yeah, the native currency of eclipse is ether, and so it gets to tap into the liquidity. Of uniswap, any of the other activities that are now adjacent to all the layer twos. And so it's making a bet of taking Solana technology, but saying it's going to be able to be better expressed, connected to Ethereum. And when we talked to Neil, his philosophy on eclipse is similar to the philosophy of Solana, which is one single shared state is very valuable, one single composable layer. So eclipse wants to absorb a ton of economic activity and put it all in the same spot. So is eclipse going to compete with other Ethereum roll ups? Certainly optimism competes with arbitrum, arbitrum competes with polygon, and now all of these things will have to compete with eclipse. But there is a, in terms of, like, flow and diffusion and osmosis of economic activity, the difference between, like, how much SVM based activity is there on Ethereum versus Solana? Well, there it's all on Solana and none on Ethereum. But now there is a place to express Solana activity on Ethereum, which is the new SVM based rollup. And so I think it's really eclipse versus Solana. And this is what the Ethereum roll up centric roadmap thesis has always said. Solana competes with layer twos because it competes on execution. This is so much of the thesis that we've had about the Ethereum roll up centric roadmap playing out to a t. Whatever technologies that's out there that's useful. If it is useful, you can just plug it in as a roll up to Ethereum.
Speaker A: Yeah. And I guess, hence the. Yet every time a museum ticket is sold, profit flows back to Britain, not Greece. Right. That's how that relates is basically it's flowing back to Ethereum, not Solana. I think what's interesting here is you could say in a world that is sort of bullish for both, but it.
Speaker B: Is bullish for both. The pie is growing here. The real question is, who is taking a larger slice of the pie?
Speaker A: I think that's true. And also. So I'll say my take is it's bullish for both Solana. In a way, maybe, but it's more bullish for Ethereum than Solana, but it's more bullish for Solana versus some other competing virtual machine type of technology.
Speaker B: Right. Bullish Solana versus the long tail of other layer ones.
Speaker A: Yeah. So it's kind of complicated. And I think people, you know, people would say, we see this, like every tribe sort of sees what they want to in this story, and people see that. Yeah. You guys like Ethereum so much? And so that's obviously why you think this is bullish for ether. But I would just say, I think if you believe in the thesis of moneyness, that's the big departure, the big difference, I think, between the Solana community or other communities, and kind of the tactic that we've taken on bankless is we believe very much that all layer ones are competing as monies, as monetary assets, as store, whether they like it or not, whether they like it or not. And so we see ether being used as money and to pay for block space fraud proofs for this new eclipse SVM chain. And we're like, oh, bullish eth relative to everything else, because actually, I think all the rest of it is kind of a commodity. The technology is open source. Anyone can use it. It's sort of like, for me, I saw this at play with cosmos in the beginning. Tendermint is used freaking everywhere. It's all over the place.
Speaker B: It's an open source piece of technology.
Speaker A: How much of that value accrued to atom, right?
Speaker B: I would say effectively zero.
Speaker A: There's not very much, right. A little bit did, but not like a money ness type of quality, not, not massive appreciation, not many hundreds of billions of dollars into the trillions of value. So it's just a different way of the thesis playing out. Anyway, we've talked about this a lot.
Speaker B: I would also, I think if we're going to talk about who's taking wins and who's taking L's right now, Celestia is taking a win here. And so if ether gets more moneyness, and this is a roll up centric roadmap, a theory thesis is that actually ether flows and why there's less burn going on this week is because activity is going to layer twos. Post 4844, layer twos have to burn much less ether than previous because that is the benefit of call data moving into blob space. So all layer twos are going to be burning less ether. And why is this bullish for ether? Well, you're enabling more networks that all use ether as money. This is already true in eclipse, which is already using Silesia for data availability. And so Silesia is taking some of the fees of this, of the eclipse layer two, that would have otherwise burnt ether, otherwise gone to the ethereum layer one. And so Celestia is taking a win here. Ether is taking a win here because it becomes the money of eclipse. And I think Solana is behind these three in terms of, like, do you.
Speaker A: Know what the value, one thing I.
Speaker B: Think the value captured.
Speaker A: Some people say this is all, you know, pedantic and, like, who cares? Layer one, layer two. Like, who cares? Just build some apps, guys. Like, we don't have any apps that the world can use. So these are all stupid academic kind of conversations.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: The only reason I do think this is important is because one thing we're trying to do is actually understand how these assets should be valued.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: And, like, we're. We're trying to create a. An investment thesis. Right. We're trying to understand, well, is this asset more than, like, worth going to be worth more than this asset? And if so, what are the drivers for that? So, to me, it's just like a capital allocation type of decision. It's an investment type decision. That's why it's worth discussing. But I agree largely that the point is moot. If we don't have apps that will consume this block space, then who cares? I'm just. I see that as an inevitability. And then. Then you have to track through. Okay, where is value actually going to accrue in this stack? And that's why it's important. Worth talking about.
Speaker B: Yeah. And I think to tie a bow on this, risk zero is the biggest non capture of value here. It's even behind Solana, I would say. Sorry, risk zero.
Speaker A: Well, I think they got something there, though, anyway.
Speaker B: Phantom, for example, didn't get anything here. At least the risk zero is Phantom FSIJ, the layer one. That's not even relevant to this conversation.
Speaker A: All right. I forgot they existed. All right, David, Gary G. Versus the cats. What's going on here?
Speaker B: Sec is charging the stoner cats. The stoner cats NFT project. This is the project that. Remember that video that Mila Kunis and Aston Kutcher made where ass and Kutcher was married to Mila Kunis? He goes, hey, babe, should we play it?
Speaker A: Why don't we just play it? Hey, babe.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: What's crypto?
Speaker B: It's digital currency.
Speaker A: Hey, hey, babe.
Speaker B: Yeah. What's blockchain? It's like, what information stored on. So, like, it's, you know, what information is stored on.
Speaker A: Hey, babe. Yeah. What.
Speaker B: What's decentralization? Oh, there's not one person in charge of anything, so it's everybody keeps everybody else in check.
Speaker A: It's not bad.
Speaker B: It's not one big, so far so good, or entity to hold everybody to the same code. It's the people holding each other responsible.
Speaker A: Hey, babe?
Speaker B: Yeah?
Speaker A: What's etherium? So ethereum is a general purpose blockchain. So unlike other. I still love it. Bitcoin, for example. I don't care. Just.
Speaker B: Okay, so for one episode, for big listeners who are not watching, Vitalik is actually in the living room hanging out with Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher.
Speaker A: Is that like promotion, though, for stoner cats? Is that why it came out?
Speaker B: I don't know how this came to be together. I remember after Stoner cats came out, I was like, hey, Vitala, can you intro us to Ashwin and Mila so we can get them on the show? We never had that show happen. But he said, he did say, like, positive words about, like, mila and Ashton and what they're doing.
Speaker A: Stoner cats, by the way, is what they look like just little cute cartoon cats.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, I forgot about the story that we're even talking about. Okay, so Gary Gensler is coming after the cats, and so he's charged them with offering unregistered security. Surprise, surprise is Gary Gensler's favorite move. And so, like, looking at the PFP offerings as akin to 2017 icos, same marketing mistakes. One aspect of this is that the fact that the nfts were not CCO was relevant to the security status analysis. The marketing and manner of the sale was similar to vintage icos, they say. Another relevant is that the issuer received a 2.5% royalty on secondary sales. And also the issuer advertised the team's credentials and expertise when marketing the nfts and indicated potential increase in value. So more or less, kind of all the reasons about why nfts we consider to be good and powerful for the margins and for the everyday man is why these are being deemed security by Mister Gendler.
Speaker A: So what was the punishment? A cease and desist order, a civil penalty of a million dollars? And like, I guess you can't, can no longer do the stoner cats if you are the issuer, the creator of the Stoner cats. So what are the implications of this?
Speaker B: David Lupify put out a good tweet about this. They're saying, well, stoner casts have to return the $8 million raise. That's a new precedent. I haven't heard that before. Maybe that's normal. And pay their $1 million fine. He, they also follow up and says, I think the NFT space is missing. Something really scary happening right now. Saying that I don't see how 99% of projects aren't in trouble. So this is kind of the danger. Yes, it is. Why is Gary Gensler going after this project? It's because of Mila and Ashton. We know Gary Gensler is an influencer. We know that it is his game. That is why Stoner cast are going after being targeted here. Yet the foundations that support stoner cats are the same foundation that supports your desirable NFT that you probably own. Bankless listener.
Speaker A: Well, right. So if Stoner cats is a security, then all nfts are security, right?
Speaker B: Any NFT with a roadmap is a security. So if there is resale royalty value, that goes to the team. And also if the team is saying, hey, we have a roadmap with plans to increase value to these nfts, that's a security. So there's a quote from the director of the SEC's division of enforcement. Regardless of whether your offering involves beavers, chinchillas, or animal based nfts under federal securities laws, is the economic reality of the offering, not the labels you put on it or the underlying objects that guides the determination of what's an investment contract and therefore a security, which I agree with, by the way. Remember my whole hot take about, like, bored apes or a security. That's what I'm talking. That's this, like, resale royalty team that do does promotion. But we all know that. What is the fifth prong of the Howie test? What, does the SEC want to regulate it?
Speaker A: Yeah, but I don't agree. I don't agree with it. Like, so I don't understand what makes this an NFT, and why doesn't this director of enforcement show up to, like, my kid's school at recess and go, you know, grab their magic, the gathering cards and Pokemon cards as unregistered securities? I mean, NFT is quite clearly a collectible. Yeah, I don't understand how. Yeah. Like, what's the framework for this? This is, it is the fifth prong of the Howie test.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's what I'm saying. All of a sudden, the SEC has determined that there is enough desire for them to regulate nfts, and they're using cool cats or not cool cats, stoner cats, to do it.
Speaker A: It's just so frustrating, man.
Speaker B: It's easier to make the argument against nfts than it is magic the gathering cards, because, like, upside and liquidity and royalties are just baked into the smart contract, by the way.
Speaker A: They're just hyper efficient, you know, magic the gathering cards and digital magic the gathering cards. Like, what's the difference in an open defi.
Speaker B: The difference, magic the gathering cards are just so many more steps removed from the financialization of crypto.
Speaker A: I would love to see that? Tested in court. And hopefully with stoner cats or some NFT project, it gets to be tested in court. Because to me, there is no distinction between, like, physical collectibles like this and what we're talking about on the NFT side. A collectible is a collectible. And does Gary Gensler want to, like, regulate all collectibles? Yes, probably. That's the, that's the problem.
Speaker B: That's the problem about. So Hester Peirce once again dissented. Chief dissenting officer along with another commissioner, Euleda, u y e d a. Apologies for not being able to pronounce the name. They released a joint statement saying they disagree with the SEC's actions against stoner cats, comparing these nfts to 1970 Star wars collectibles. Which is exactly your point, Ryan, stating that we need to protect artists abilities to create without excessive legal constraints. There's some also just really great quotes in here. They say that it carries implications for creators of all kinds. Rather than arbitrarily bringing enforcement actions against NFT projects, we ought to lay out some clear guidelines for artists and other creators who want to experiment with nfts in a way to support their creative efforts and build their fan communities. Artists of all kinds have long struggled to support themselves, and NFTs offer a potentially viable way for them to monetize their talent. Yes, this is why NFts are good. The fact that money is involved does not transform NFTs into securities. Basically saying, like, Hester purse is saying like, you are killing creative endeavors. Gary Gensler, by trying to regulate all of these things, like, don't regulate artists, regulate Wall street.
Speaker A: And I think that sentence at the end is important. The fact that money is involved does not transform NFTs into security. So what you just said previously, which, because it's liquid, because it, you know, can go up in price, because it's digital, because it's defi, does not make it a security, has nothing to do with it. Collectibles also fit that criteria. Anyway. I don't know where we're going in the US with all this stuff, David. It's just, man, they keep attacking every, like, Gensler's got to go. That's the bottom line is that Gensler's got to go in order for crypto to, like, continue to have a, you know, strong future in the US. It'll have a strong future everywhere else.
Speaker B: Somewhere. Somewhere. Yeah. Uh huh.
Speaker A: Jeez.
Speaker B: It is just a shame that NFts and the power of NFTs, like, I see goodness in NFTs I'm a relentless optimist. I see the power. Like, remember the picture, the story I was telling you of the NFT that I bought and the creator, the cast simmered photographer, like that is a story of an NFT. It's not a security. And if you deem it a security, it's just fundamentally bad for the universe. Sadly, those stories are few and far between in NFT land these days. There are more stories about, like, rug pulled and stuff like that. So that makes that just a more bigger uphill battle.
Speaker A: Well, speaking of uphill battles, last thing on the SEC this week and we. I want to move on. The SEC is crypto enforcement chief. The same guy, I think we're quoting. He warns more charges are coming to exchanges in Defi.
Speaker B: Great.
Speaker A: Yeah, can't wait for that. Awesome. That's just like a not so veiled threat coming for you.
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely ridiculous. Okay, ready to move on. Coming up next, new optimism, airdrop. Yes, for real optimism. Airdrop number three, you should go get it. Actually, you already got it is already in your wallet, if you qualified for it. So we're talking about that infuria, decentralizing, a very hard thing to decentralize. Going down the progressive decentralization route. And then there's a moral dilemma. Coinbase earned 570 eth of mev as a result of the curve hack. Then that happened not too long ago. Should Coinbase give it back? What are the legal implications of this? And of course, Mark Cuban's wallet, exploited for almost a million dollars. Pr and crypto at the absolute floor. But we're going to talk about all of that stuff and more. But first, a moment to talk about some of these fantastic sponsors that make this show possible, especially airdrop. Coming in. Optimism. Airdrop number 319 million op tokens allocated to 31,000 unique addresses. That's almost $30 million given out, meant to reward positive some governance participation in the collective directly distributed to addresses. There is no claiming going on. If you recall, qualified for the airdrop, you got the airdrop. If any website or Twitter or whatever says, go claim your optimism, airdrop. That is a scam. Don't do it. People got allocated these oP tokens if their current holdings of Op were allocated, delegated to a governor, and they got a bonus if that governor was active, really doubling down on op governance. So that's the optimism. Airdrop. Also optimism. Retroactive public goods grant funding. Round three is also live right now, so you can submit your project to receive a retroactive public goods funding from optimism as well that is optimism. Ryan, you want to take next?
Speaker A: Yeah, they're sprinkling that airdrop to a lot of people over time. I guess with these op grants, the next is about the pull token. So the pull token is coming. Do you know Matic? The token is becoming pull in the future. So there's a Polygon 2.0 implementation that is happening in Q four, the beginning of Q four, it looks like. And one of the main implementations here is Matic is going to become pull. There's some new token economics behind this. So there's going to be a yearly emission added to the matic, aka pull issuance schedule. It was a fixed 10 billion in total supply, and the yearly emission is going to increase to 2%. And that will be equally distributed between the validator community and a community treasury to fund Matic polygon moving forward. I guess we'll call it Polygon moving forward. There's also a native Matic bridge.
Speaker B: In addition to the upgrade to the token, we're also getting an upgrade to the bridge. Of course, Polygon proof of stake has always been a sidechain. It is now becoming a roll up. And so that means we need to build a bridge. So there is a new canonical bridge for Polygon being built, and these are basically the main two upgrades to Polygon.
Speaker A: I guess we're on the layer two track right now. So arbitrum, what are they doing? They've got some quests. They've got an Odyssey going on. What's this?
Speaker B: Yeah, the arbitrum Odyssey was a thing that they were doing pre airdrop, and everyone thought that this is the surface area for qualifying for the airdrop. They weren't wrong. Actually, it kind of was. And then they stopped the Arbitrage odyssey because it was so popular that it crashed the network. And then they had to install nitro and then get, and that was the upgrade, and then they airdropped the token anyways. And now Arbitrum Odyssey returns. So seven weeks of an on chain excursion, completing missions, exploring some communities. Oh, there's some music that I wasn't expecting from Ryan. Wow. The purpose of the Odyssey is to explore arbitrum one's diverse set of applications and introduce you to the protocols that you might not have used yet. I don't know what the incentive is now that the token is already out there, but hey, I mean, crypto pays you to learn. It is probably going to be beneficial some way. And then also the last bit of arbitrum news conduit, which is a roll up as a service provider, previously just focused in the optimism ecosystem, is now being supported by arbitrum. So it's great that we have the op stack, but just launching an op stack chain takes infrastructure. This is what conduit provides to the op stack. World public goods network. Zora. These all launched with conduit. Now, arbitrum orbits is also part of the conduit offering. And so arbitrum is going to is just how it's easier to deploy arbitrum.
Speaker A: It's just like a cloud provider for rollover layer two infrastructure.
Speaker B: Basically, this is just a part of a growing story as to the growth of the optimism super chain, the growth of arbitrum orbits, but also the growth between these two things. As soon as you get conduit to do some shared sequencing, all of a sudden these things start to blur together.
Speaker A: Is conduit a shared sequencer too?
Speaker B: It has the properties that are required to make shared sequencing powerful.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker B: Yeah, we will do a show on this soon. Tm.
Speaker A: Let's talk about the Coinbase moral dilemma. So Coinbase apparently earned 570 Eth as a result of the curve hack. Do you remember when we were talking about the curve hack months back? Maybe? Well, Coinbase earned some mev as a result of that. And here's the headline. Coinbase received 570 ETH, the second largest payout tied to MeV in Ethereum's history, to process transactions related to the curve exploit. Okay, so this is like perfectly legal.
Speaker B: And it's the random lottery winners who got the big mev block. Coinbase.
Speaker A: And it's legal in the sense of, like, it's not illegal in the kind of the nation state, but it's also in the code is law sense. I mean, they're just playing by the rules of the game. They got this 570 ETH allotment, but it was like hacked money. It was like exploited money.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's not the greatest reason why.
Speaker A: So what's going on with this story? What's the dilemma here?
Speaker B: Yeah, so there is a call for Coinbase to return the hacked money. This is Alchemyx's curve pool money. And so the alchemyx pool that got hacked, this mev happened as a result of that. And so there's a call for Coinbase like, hey, give the money back. You guys got the money, give it back.
Speaker A: But did Coinbase give it to all of its stakers? Basically? Was this part.
Speaker B: Yeah. So this is part of the legal dilemma. It's like, well, is it really coinbases or is it part of Cbeth the first question that came up in my mind is like, okay, if. If Coinbase, the validators for Cbeth, Coinbase. Coinbase is liquid staking token. If they got it. Well, that's actually belongs to the people who operate this, the LST. The Coinbase LST. This article doesn't say that the validator is linked to Coinbase's LST program. I kind of would assume that it would, but it might just be an independent validator that happens to be Coinbase.
Speaker A: Yeah, but does it, does it belong to the Cbeth holders?
Speaker B: So it's a matter of like, who owns that, who operates that validator and why? Coinbase can operate validators outside of the CBEth program that's not connected to the program. And then there are the actual validators of the CBeth program.
Speaker A: I'm just saying, in any case, you know, couldn't you make. You could certainly make the legal argument that Coinbase should give it back.
Speaker B: No, if it is the CB eth holders, it belongs to the people that own Cbeth. And they. And Coinbase as a fiduciary.
Speaker A: Why do you think that? I don't know that that's. Is it true? Is that true?
Speaker B: Yes. Yeah. Because the power, the might of Coinbase's validators is thanks to the people that have staked their ether with Coinbase. It belongs to the people that own CP etH, not the Coinbase is validators. Coinbase can't just of their own decision, take money.
Speaker A: What I'm saying is, why wouldn't the CBeth holders be legally liable to give it back then? Right. Well, Coinbase is kind of the intermediary for the CBeth holders.
Speaker B: Well, there's so many.
Speaker A: This is very clear in rocket pool, I think, with RPl got some of this mev as well as part of it, and it's decentralized, so everyone gets it. There's no call to kind of give it back. But because Coinbase is a centralized entity operating this validator service, they kind of can give it back. Right.
Speaker B: That's why this story is. People can see the trail of money, go to Coinbase and be like, hey, we know Coinbase, Brian. Hello. Please give the money back.
Speaker A: It's interesting. So what do they do? What do you think should be done here? Do you have a solution?
Speaker B: A statement from Alchemyx to Coindesk says Coinbase has shown no wailing list to return the funds, despite knowingly benefited directly from the exploit Coinbase representatives have sold that there's no legal requirement to reburs anyone? And also it's like if they do reimburse the money, then it also is kind of a legal precedent of just like that. We don't want to enforce. Granted, Mev burn totally removes the power to give back money.
Speaker A: We should do that.
Speaker B: We should do that.
Speaker A: Yeah, let's just do that.
Speaker B: Just maximum credible neutrality.
Speaker A: Yeah. Well, then all eth holders are equally culpable.
Speaker B: Everyone is a part of the firing squad. Yeah.
Speaker A: David, this is some cool news from Aztec. What's going on?
Speaker B: Yeah, Aztec announces their sandbox. A local developer, testnet, for smart contract privacy. The Aztec project and the fullness of it has been described as one of the most ambitious cryptography projects of all time. They want to be a fully decentralized, privacy preserving layer two. They want to go from just not having a live in production environment to a full in production, fully private, fully decentralized shared sequencer layer two in one big go.
Speaker A: That's a thing we don't have yet. We don't have a private layer two. We don't have privacy on the base chain. This is a thing that we need.
Speaker B: So this is the first step in getting a fully fledged, fully private, fully decentralized layer two. Again, very ambitious project, making steps along the way.
Speaker A: Is the government going to let them. Dun dun Dun, to be determined. Right. What happens here?
Speaker B: Well, okay, so why did coin, why did, why is this not illegal and tornado cash is illegal? Well, because North Korea used tornado cash.
Speaker A: Well, and more than that, I would say because OfAC. You just said tornado cash is illegal, right?
Speaker B: Well, yes, but as a result of.
Speaker A: North Korea, they didn't have to do that though, is all I'm pointing out. OFAC did not have to say that that was an option to not do that. INFJ becoming more decentralized. That sounds like good news. What's going on here?
Speaker B: Yeah, so infuria, they are the RPC endpoint service provider for your metamask. By default fault is one of the centralization vectors that I don't think is massive because it's easy to change your RPC, but yet nonetheless it is a centralization vector. They are entering their progressive decentralization era, if you will. And so they are looking to decentralize part of the inferior stack. So this is a consensus project. The idea, I would assume at the end of this is now a DAO with different federated modular parts of infuria. So that and FiRa, a very important part of Ethereum, is now decentralized.
Speaker A: I think regulatory may be driving some of this, too? I don't know. But more centralized infrastructure providers are looking towards decentralization speaking. Different types of centralization vectors back on FTX. You want some FTX gossip this week, David?
Speaker B: I like nothing more.
Speaker A: FDX is suing SBF's parents.
Speaker B: I love that. I love that. That's great.
Speaker A: They're all eating their own now. So what's this lawsuit over? Did you see this?
Speaker B: Yeah. So $26 million in gifts and property have gone to SBF's parents from FTX.
Speaker A: They were in it, man. They were just as dirty as SBF was.
Speaker B: For sure. Yeah. Like, where did we just. Sam goes to his parents, like, mom, dad, I'm so successful, I'm gonna give you $26 million in a house. Okay, so the suit is looking to claw back property and millions of dollars in, quote, fraudulently transferred in mister appropriated funds from SPF's parents. Yeah. So also since 2019, according to this article, Sam's father also directly participated in efforts to cover up a whistleblower complaint that threatened to expose the SBF. S the FTX group as a house of cards. Yowzer. So parents just as bad as Sam?
Speaker A: Stanford ethics professors, by the way.
Speaker B: Oh, my God.
Speaker A: Dude, that's what they were.
Speaker B: Takes one to no one.
Speaker A: Are no longer. This is SBF's mom right here. Looking a lot like SBF to me.
Speaker B: Honestly, that's kind of the image that I had in my mind of SBS. Mom.
Speaker A: Wow. Things could get more ugly in that. Nick Carter calls them a crime family. Yeah, it's probably accurate. The crime family of SpF. David, this is sad. Mark Cuban's wallet got drained, it looks like for almost a million dollars. What are we looking at here?
Speaker B: We are looking at Mark Cuban's wallet getting drained. That's what it is.
Speaker A: On chain.
Speaker B: You can see on chain. Yeah, you can see that, Mark. Keep happening live. Yeah. So the wallet was inactive for 160 days. And I think maybe Mark Cuban just decided to do some spring cleaning. But in that time, it looks like he downloaded a malicious form of metamask. And as soon as he typed in his password, then boom.
Speaker A: It's bad. So this is what Cuban said. His direct quotes. I went on metamask for the first time in months. They must have been watching. I'm pretty sure I downloaded a version of metamask with some shit in it. That's what he said.
Speaker B: That's what he said. I'm sorry, Mark.
Speaker A: I think that's what happened.
Speaker B: Do you remember Mark came on our show the last time? It was like a little over a year ago.
Speaker A: I do.
Speaker B: He was extremely jaded by crypto.
Speaker A: I do. And this is definitely not helped. Can we talk about that then? This is not only bad pr, it's really bad ux.
Speaker B: Yes, it's bad ux. Yeah, getting hacked is bad ux.
Speaker A: This is kind of the worst ux possible. Imagine you think you have fun somewhere and you're being your own bank, and then you get robbed. Your bank gets robbed. Yeah.
Speaker B: Can you produce a safer vault than your home bank? Probably not.
Speaker A: And again, like, Mark Cuban wasn't a. He knew his way around crypto decently well.
Speaker B: He was better than most, for sure.
Speaker A: Yes. I mean, he did. Like, he did stuff with his metamask wallet. He did defi stuff.
Speaker B: He had funds on the polygon layer two that he was actually able to save because the metamask didn't point to polygon. So he saved a few million dollars. That was on polygon.
Speaker A: So what do we do about this, David?
Speaker B: I saw this headline go out on Twitter while I was just hanging out with some friends in voice chat, non crypto friends. And I just read it out, like, oof. Mark Ewan just got his crypto wallet drained, and they were all like, yeah, it's duh. Like, crypto is broken. You can't use it. I'm never touching it. And when that's the pr of crypto for the last two years straight, I had nothing to say.
Speaker A: Yeah, I don't know. We've got to improve ux in this area. It's just fishers and, oh, geez, are getting fish. It's true. It's true. And I mean, this, this can happen to people for sure. So I don't know what the solution.
Speaker B: What is the answer? Just like, yeah, don't touch. Don't do anything with your crypto. Like, that's not the future that we envision.
Speaker A: Smart contracts that, I don't know, validate that, check things. I don't know if you bank.
Speaker B: Listen, the answer is account abstraction. But we've been saying that for a while.
Speaker A: If you guys have have a solution for this or Nova project, I think it'd be really interesting to get them on the show at some point to talk about this in more depth. Wow.
Speaker B: Call for startups. Yeah, call for startups. We'll fund it. Bankless ventures.
Speaker A: Back to good news. There's two new ether ETF's that are going through the gauntlet of the SEC. What do we got here?
Speaker B: Hash decks, mixed ether ETF. What's a mixed ether ETF? It's a mix between futures, cash equivalents, etcetera. Just hodgepodge of ether exposure. So that's what it files with the Nasdaq. And then grayscale, of course, much more familiar. Ether futures ETF. So two new ether related ETF's in the pipeline to get denied by the.
Speaker A: SEC, but eventually they will be approved. But eventually we'll just ddos them, spot bitcoin ETF. I still think it's happening within the next year.
Speaker B: I was being facetious. There's a pretty good chance that they get approved.
Speaker A: Yeah, just not soon time. Just not soon. Not soon. David, what do we got coming up next?
Speaker B: Coming up next, we got some questions for the nation. That question that we talked about earlier. What are the implications of five cent sub five cent transaction fees on layer twos and on ether layer one? All this stuff. What happens if block space gets so cheap? What happens to my ETH bags? That's a big question. We'll ask that. And then also there's another one. And then some hot takes from crypto, Twitter. We got some good takes this week. And then, of course, what Ryan and David are excited about coming up, all this and more as soon as we talk to some of these fantastic sponsors that make the show possible.
Speaker A: Question this week from Zero X Nader. What are the biggest implications for blockchain apps in a post EIP 4844 world where transactions cost less than $0.05? What will become possible that wasn't before? Okay, this EIP number, an episode we did earlier this week on Blob Space. This is the next Ethereum hard fork. It's probably coming in the next three months or so, plus or minus, you know, one or two months, something like that. And it's going to make layer two block space really, really cheap. According to the ETH researcher we had on the podcast Domothy, it actually says, like, basically free, at least at first, effectively free or really close to free, and could be maybe subsidized by the layer two as well. So the question is, what are the implications of this? What does that mean for apps? Are there new things that are possible?
Speaker B: So it's not just about getting cheaper fees. There's a threshold that is crossed when you get cheap fees cheap enough. There's like a zero to one moment when we get real, real close to zero. And that, remember the episode that we did with Antonio Garcia from Spindle Project, who worked in the web two ad space? His take that immediately just merged into my brain as knowledge about how this whole system works was that the ad model of web two and web one paid for the development and growth and adoption of the Internet. Because third party ads, third party service providers, paid for the maintenance of websites, for the utility of websites, and they just paid for, in aggregate eyeballs, for people views to go to websites. And that was just the big engine that powered the growth of the Internet. What did it take to get there? We needed some certain level of bandwidth to get there. And then all of a sudden, once things were sufficiently cheap, third party ads subsidized development and growth and innovation and utility of the Internet, which caused even more traffic, which produced the utility of the ads. That was how web two grew. Web two was never going to grow. If you needed to pay dollar five a month for your facebook, like, that was never going to work. Instead, we have the ad model. And that's why Facebook is valuable. That's why Twitter is valuable. That's why web two is the way that it is, is without ads.
Speaker A: The point that you're making is there's some large third party, in this case ads or like model, that is funding all of the user activity. That drops the user activity cost to like zero.
Speaker B: Basically, it drops the user activity cost to the user to zero. Using the Internet costs someone money, costs the operator of the website who's making the website in the first place. It costs them money to have users, instead of users paying for it, ads paid for it. And that was just more efficient. And it paid for the growth of the Internet.
Speaker A: Because we are the product.
Speaker B: Because we are the product. Yeah. But again, in the beginning of the Internet, that was a good thing, not a bad thing. It's just now in this day and age, it's kind of turned into this like maladaptive thing. Okay, move forward into web three. When you get fees to like below $0.05, below one cent, one cent, all of a sudden, new business models are unlocked by people paying for their users transactions. Websites like apps, anything like, imagine if, like, I don't know, your favorite app that you use all the time, just paid for your transactions, that app would be more useful. And so we've, we do not know what new use cases are unlocked when transactions are so cheap that third party businesses, or, you know, third parties can subsidize users transactions when they're free. And so that is a, that is just like a massive playing field that we have not unlocked yet, because we've been existing in the Internet where users have to pay for everything. And we know from web one and two that that doesn't work. We all know that Facebook wouldn't have worked if you have to pay for that service. And so now there's new use cases where third parties pay for you to use them, and all of a sudden, like, UX is better, economics are better, and this is just like the paradigm shift that happens.
Speaker A: Yeah. It is hard to predict what those apps might be, though, right? What the highlight might be.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. But we might look to some apps that were tried at first that just fell in their face because transaction fees were so high and too expensive. Right. And so that might be a class that we could look at. Here's a related question. I think that's important.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Bear Burrito asks if the base gas fee is, let's say, 20 for us to be in the ultrasound territory. What happens in the l two world where transactions are occurring on layer two and gas fees on layer one continue to drop below the ultrasound 20 Gwei barrier? Does this reduce the impact of the burn? What is the value in ETH in a layer two world? I think that's the meta question here. So free transactions, practically free, less usage of main net. We're not deflationary anymore. And by the way, for the last month we haven't been deflationary. We open the show with that. What is the role for ETH? Does ETH price go down in this world? What? Is there still a value accrual mechanic?
Speaker B: Yeah, I still think in the fullness of time, ether will, the layer one will be expensive, like, it's currently not expensive because of the bear market. In the fullness of time, we're going back over 100 Gwei gas prices.
Speaker A: So you still predict deflationary etH?
Speaker B: Basically, yes. But overall, there is a large transfer of economic activity from the layer one to the layer two s. And the layer two, the roll up centric roadmap. The reason why 4844 is a big deal, why we call giving rollups first class citizenship on ethereum, why we are saying, like, hey, ethereum is super credibly neutral, but we're still going to prioritize layer rollups. And what does that mean? We're, we're not charging roll ups for call data or data availability. So we're making that resource effectively free so that rollups can be their maximumly independent own network and just do the minimum amount of payment to the layer one to exist. So rollups pay the minimum amount of value to the layer one in order to exist. So roll ups burn the minimum amount of ether to access the security and decentralization of ethereum. This is taking away from the burn of ether and it is giving it to the money ness of ether, because these rollups are adopting ether as money. These are all satellite networks of the ether monetary system. And so the bull case for ether goes is it's not, not the burn, because like I said, there will still be burnt, but it will, it's a transfer of ether will be bullish because of it being adopted as money and less of it getting burned. Just more people will have reservation demand of ether on these layer twos, then ether will be burned. So there's a trade off here, and one is creating the other. And the trade off is saying that there will be so many layer twos that will all use ether as money, that that is going to, that is going to be a bullish trade off.
Speaker A: Yep, that's basically it. So the two reasons ETH is valuable is one, because ethereum sells block space, and that turns ether into a productive asset. So it's a capital asset. There's some return on that. Assets yielding positive cash flows. That's number one. And the second is because it's a monetary unit, it's a store of value, it's a medium of exchange, it's a unit of account. These things, it's collateral for a loan, it's economic bandwidth. And what you're saying is, in the short run, maybe even the medium run, well, the block space demand goes down and kind of the, you know, the productive asset, the capital asset, utility value of ether, the asset might go down and ether might turn inflationary. That's more than compensated by ethers use as a monetary unit inside of these networks. And you just look at eclipse, for example. They're launching with ether as the money for block space, for their gas, and as the unit of exchange, the unit of account. And all of these layer two networks will require a very strong, a decentralized monetary unit in order to operate. And the default is probably going to be ether. The default for their defi and their collateralized loans, their economic bandwidth, and all of these things is probably going to be ether. And that's the bet. And it's as simple as that. And so you could believe that happens or not. And that's your entire thesis for ether, the asset. It's actually kind of simple.
Speaker B: I think it's very simple, yeah. Ether is a monetary network, and it's the roll up centric roadmap that is carrying the money of ether to the corners of Ethereum. And then I also will say layer twos are going to trade with each other and they're going to settle through the Ethereum layer one. So instead of individual users going from one layer two through to the layer one to the second layer two, they're probably going to bridge, they're probably not going to touch the layer one. But then massive big shipping containers of value are going to flow from one layer two, settle down through Ethereum, use Uniswap, use aave, whatever, and then that new state will be uploaded by a different layer too. And that is the net economic activity that's going to stay at a basal level on the Ethereum layer one, where you're going to get ether burn and it will be burned, it will be deflationary is my prediction. It'll just be not like maximally deflationary. Instead of trading maximum deflation, we're trading for maximum monetary network size.
Speaker A: There you go, takes of the week. David, what's this one?
Speaker B: This came out from Matt Huang of Paradigm, who came out last night, Wednesday night. He calls this the casino on Mars. This is actually a full blog post, but he does a shorter, condensed version along with a fun, cool little graphic. So I'll read out the blog post. While Ryan puts the graphic on the screen, he says it's useful to think of crypto as a new planet that's being settled. Skeptics see a desolate planet without purpose, or worse, a haven for an unsavory casino. Optimists see the planet's potential, a blank slate on which we can build an upgraded financial system and an Internet platform. Early settlers are a mixed bunch, explorers drawn to the frontier, speculators, some rough and disreputable innovators, and researchers attracted to what's newly possible and ordinary people, especially those marginalized. On Earth, governance remains ambiguous. Some earthly jurisdictions prohibit their citizens from visiting. Others seek a foothold in the new world. A history of speculation and hype cycles have cast a social taboo over the new planet, leaving many to wonder, what is its future? Todays casino like speculation, is a part of the bootstrapping process, much like the gold rush of the 1849 transformed San Francisco from a quaint village into a major port and ultimately the heart of tech innovation. Todays speculative frenzy in crypto is attracting the settlers and catalyzing the infrastructure necessary to turn a barren planet into a thriving crypto civilization. Probably the longest take weve ever read out here, but the accompanying visual, I thought, was also very cute and fun.
Speaker A: You know what this looks like is do you ever play like RTS games like Starcraft or Warcraft? Warcraft.
Speaker B: There's the command and conquer reference in the bottom left corner of paradigm.
Speaker A: Oh, is it really?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: That's what this looks like to me. So we're looking at a graphic, and there's kind of a us city in the middle, and it's got Ethereum, and this is it. Bitcoiners were first to settle here. Exchanges like Coinbase and binance get you on and off the planet. Ethereum is the largest city depicted here, where Uniswap is the best way to get around. Very cool.
Speaker B: Uniswap is a monorail system in the Ethereum city. There's some other cameos. There's the FTX exchange right next to the Coinbase exchange and binance exchange. And the FTX exchange is just burning. Coinbase exchange has a rocket that is launching because of the base layer two. Then on the other side, there's the cosmos ecosystem with all the independent satellite cities. And then there's Luna that's just on fire. The nuances in this illustration, I thought.
Speaker A: Was great nuance and also some of the paradigm bias you see. I don't see any kraken right here. You know, Fred Arisam is a coin based maxi, I'm sure, right. I don't see.
Speaker B: There's no arbitrum. Yeah. So there are investors in optimism, but there's no arbitrum.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's out of frame. It's probably in the full picture. Yeah, just out of frame in this picture. David, here's a take from you. Let me start with Mike Ippolito.
Speaker B: It's a take with him. Take.
Speaker A: Cosmos for interoperability. Ethereum for security. Solana for execution. That's similar, really, to the episode we just did recently with him where he basically said that there are three different approaches trying to solve the same problem coming from three different perspectives and angles. And your tweet on top of the tweet was, now, which one do you store your wealth on?
Speaker B: Yeah, which one do you store your wealth on? Interoperability, security or execution? Where do you store your wealth? Interoperability, security, or execution?
Speaker A: If you're saying those words to me, I want security because, like, money vaults use security with, like, armed guards, and I don't want it to leave my wallet the way mark Cuban's $1 million left is metamask wallet. It's a different type of security. But anyway, I want security. That's the thing I want.
Speaker B: Right. Money is secure. Money holds its value over time. Interoperability, you suffer from the MV equals PQ problem. Solana. Well, we saw the execution of Solana. Moving on to the security of Ethereum. Security is money. That's my take.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's the classic bankless money.
Speaker B: Classic bankless stake. Yeah.
Speaker A: MV equals PQ. Where'd you pull that one out? I haven't heard that since 2017, my friend.
Speaker B: Yeah, right. Yeah. Velocity. Remember the velocity problem?
Speaker A: Velocity of money. It's old school. Chris Berninski talk around here.
Speaker B: Yeah, that velocity problem, that was the OG tokenomics. Remember? Supply sync?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: We've come so far. Now, it's very simple. Blockchain. Sell blocks like money. All year ones compete as money. That's what you need to know. David. What are you bullish on this week?
Speaker B: I'm bullish on choosing your own character class. Banklets has its own illustration to bring to the table. Just like paradigms, ours paradigm has the cities in this new planet. We've got the character classes, the clerical archetypes. I put out a article this week in the bankless newsletter, and this is a metaphor that we've used, like, since inception of bankless. I would say when you come into crypto, you choose your character class. Like, what do you want to do in crypto? Do you want to be a trader? Do you want to be a yield farmer? Do you want to be a token dj? And you want to airdrop some, hunt some airdrops? You want to be a content creator, Twitter influencer? Or you can be like, brian, just be the silent staker. You're also a content creator. So I just made this fake universe, talked about the archetypes of each. It's like the sorting hat article. I think we're going to reference this article in the future. Um, this is like the sorting hat. So when your friends inevitably get into, uh, crypto during the bull market of 2024 and 2025, this is, I think, a very useful piece for people to understand how crypto operates, why crypto Twitter is weird, and it will help them just, like, move through the crypto rabbit hole faster and quicker.
Speaker A: I think we've made this point before, but the worst thing you can do is try to play all of these at the same time.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: You do not have to be good at all of these. I very quickly realized I was a bad ta trader when I tried in 2017, and I was like, oh, never again.
Speaker A: Yeah. One other thing I'll say. Shout out to Gordon from our team who put these graphics together. Absolutely fantastic. And I guess if Paradigm is playing Starcraft, this is like a Diablo two or something. Or Diablo three type of reference, because it's a role playing game. And I think it's really important for people to understand what they're, what, what game they're playing in crypto. Right. You don't have to follow all of the token trends. You don't have to be degenerate nfts. You just be that shout out silent staker class. Okay? You could just like dollar cost average in to you assets that, you know, like ether, like Bitcoin every single week and stake it as well, and play that game. Just know what game you're playing. Choose your character class. It's the most important thing you can do in crypto. That was a great content piece, David.
Speaker B: Yeah. And also, like all good games, there is an expansion pack. We already have the expansion pack ready to go, but we couldn't put 15 character classes in the first edition. So these are the base characters. There are more characters. And I will say this to everyone out there who started critiquing us for saying, like, where is the dev character type? The dev character type is not a base character that is in the expansion pack. Yo, wait, do they have. Wait until the addition expansion pack comes out? We got the on chain wizard, we got the researcher, we got the high priest, we got the trade influencer, we got the dev. Everyone calm down. God, everyone's fighting these days. Christ.
Speaker A: No, it's just Twitter. Everyone's actually happy outside of Twitter.
Speaker B: I keep forgetting that listeners of the Bankless podcast are like, why are they always like, fuck talking about Twitter fans?
Speaker A: It's because we spend too much time online. Sorry, guys, that's how we bring the content to you. Double edged sword.
Speaker B: Okay, Ryan, what are you excited about?
Speaker A: You want to hear something super nerdy about what I'm excited about?
Speaker B: It's always nerdy.
Speaker A: I feel like. Yeah, you're right. Okay, but this sounds nerdy. Non EVM virtual machines. Yeah, that's what's getting me going this week.
Speaker B: Pretty nerdy.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: Okay, tell me about them, brother.
Speaker A: The Solana virtual machine, the SVM. Okay. We haven't had an opportunity to explore it in depth, and we've wanted to. Right. But the truth is, the EVM is kind of like it's legacy technology. It's pretty. I wouldn't say it's legacy. It's just old technology. It's single threaded, it's not optimized for execution, and the SVM has really been optimized for execution. Solidity is, so I'm told from the devs, a janky type of language. It's a derivative from JavaScript with.
Speaker B: From a previous era of crypto.
Speaker A: Yeah. With SVM, you can use, like, rust really optimized for execution. And I guess I'm just excited about not only the SVM and eclipse and kind of layer twos, but there's other non EVM, multi threaded projects being developed as well. There's one that I'm aware of is called Monad, actually developing something that is kind of an EVM and closer to the EVM.
Speaker B: Yeah. It's like parallel EVM.
Speaker A: Yes. And so that's being developed. Anyway, this whole puzzle piece of the virtual machine is finally getting some love and attention. This also happening, by the way, in the EVM community with arbitrum and stylus. Right. They're giving the EVM a little bit of love, so we're fine.
Speaker B: For what it's worth. Sorry to hijack your shit, but, like, starkware is a non EVM layer two. Aztec is a non EVM layer two. Fuel is a non EVM layer two. And so there has been a splattering of these.
Speaker A: Yeah. So it's a nice new space that we're experimenting and developing in. So, yeah, sorry to be nerdy, but that's the whole show. You're right about that. Non EVM virtual machines are getting me going this week.
Speaker B: Cool. Yeah, I know. Also, but that is the roll up centric roadmap. Useful pieces of technology can just plug into smart contracts.
Speaker A: David, what do we got? Meme of the week.
Speaker B: Meme of the week. This one's from Udi Wertheimer. This is about nfts. This is the guy riding a bicycle who sticks a peg through his bicycle and falls over and blamed something else. Meme. So, first panel, nft Mfers. Second panel, scamming each other nonstop until everyone's poor. And then third panel, where he's falling on the ground, grabbing his knee, and goes effing blur, blaming it on blur. Yeah, because blur is the reason. Blur is the reason why all of our nfts are down bad.
Speaker A: David, are we just non stop scamming each other and then blaming other things for that? Is there some truth here?
Speaker B: Yeah. As much as I think Uri is a big, fat troll, he is also generally on target sometimes about stuff.
Speaker A: Oh, man. How are we going to stop the scams, David? You got a solution for that?
Speaker B: Just stop scamming people. I stopped doing it. I don't know, man. I'm not doing it. You're not doing it.
Speaker A: Yeah. Anyway, that's the simple solution. It's just scammers.
Speaker B: Call to action. Everyone stop scamming.
Speaker A: Yeah. One, two, three. Stop scamming.
Speaker B: Stop. Stop. Do it.
Speaker A: Let's get to disclosures. We're going to end with risk in a minute, but first we disclose. David and I are both advisors and investors to optimism. I'm an advisor to Polygon. I'm also an investor in Arbitrum and Monad, the project I mentioned, too. And we're both investors in Aztec. Of course, both David and I hold ether. We are bullish, layer twos, and the entire ecosystem. We are long term investors. We're not journalists. We don't do paid content. There's always a link to the disclosures in the show notes, and you know this. And Cuban felt this this week, certainly. But crypto is risky. You could lose what you put in. But we are headed west. This is the frontier. It's not for everyone. You got to be careful. But we're glad you're with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
Speaker B: Are you sitting up? As much as possible.
Speaker A: I'll come down.
Speaker B: Yeah, you will.
Speaker A: You got me. I'm trained. I'm programmed. All right, ready?
