Speaker A: Today we have a bankless take talking about David's recent article, the unified architecture for Ethereum. Where does Ethereum fit in the world of many chains? We got bitcoin over there, we got Solana, we got Celestia, we've got other layer twos. What is Ethereum's future there? Also what functional escape velocity means and why it's important. And finally, David's conclusion. Eventually everything becomes a branch on Ethereum's tree. That's what he says in the article. It's safe to say today's episode. I think, David, it's going to be a bullish Ethereum episode. But I would say, at least from the tone and tenor of the article, it also acknowledges the design choices of other chains and the spaces that they have carved out and will continue to occupy. I don't know. Would you say this is an Eth maxi episode?
Speaker B: David, I think you can see many things in this article. I think somebody else could rewrite this article from a perspective of their particular chain. And so it's one part like, hey, here's how I've come to the conclusion that I've come to about Ethereum. But the parts of this article are universal, so we can always place chains in relations to other chains on a particular axis. And then I've also proposed an axis for kind of understanding where chains kind of fit in relation to others. I'll talk about, like, why I wrote this article and what listeners I think can get out of it in a second. But first, a message from our friends and sponsors.
Speaker A: Why'd you write this article, David?
Speaker B: Yeah, so I've had this article in my brain for, like, almost two years now, and it is kind of carrying forward a very early conversation, probably the earliest big conversation in the crypto space that I think really ever emerged, which is the bitcoin block size wars. Bitcoin block size wars were just. The wars were just concluding as I was getting into crypto and some of the fallout was starting to happen. This is right when bitcoin cash started to become a thing. It's right when the bitcoin camp divided into two based off of philosophical differences. And I think that a lot of people coming into crypto in modern times don't really have this lesson of, like, the bitcoin block size wars and what it means for crypto. It's kind of something that this weird thing in history, but I think it's actually much more emblematic of a lot of the tribes that we've seen today, like bitcoin split into two tribes based off of philosophical differences. Now, in crypto, we have, like, a plethora of tribes. We probably have too many tribes. Each one of these tribes believes something, some philosophical truth about the design construction of chains. And so I kind of attempt to define the landscape of tribes based off of what was one of the original, like, cellular divisions of the bitcoin camp. One going to the small block camp, one going to the big block camp. And then I also kind of explain the grand unified theory of design architecture for blockchains is like an illusion to that whole, like, grand unified theory of everything in physics. But for design architecture, I explain, like, why ethereum occupies this particular spot in this trade offs landscape that tries to maximize for everything and incorporates everything, which is why you get the tagline. Eventually, everything becomes a branch on ethereum's tree. So that was motivation here.
Speaker A: Well, let's get to it. But before we do, we want to thank the sponsors that made this episode possible. All right, David, let's start here. We got to go back all the way to 2015 through 2017, when something called the bitcoin block size wars was going on. These were formative days for me in crypto, as for you, but this was a debate that was really, like, occupying all of the mind space, all of the mind share of crypto, I would say for, like, a good twelve to 18 months, at least take us back there and tell us what that was. Give us the context.
Speaker B: Yeah. Interestingly, I think the first ever podcast I ever listened to in the crypto space was Laura Shin moderating a debate between a big blocker and a small blocker. And I was like, somebody tell me how a blockchain works.
Speaker A: You didn't understand any of it?
Speaker B: I did not understand a damn thing that was going on. That was, like, my first introduction.
Speaker A: Let me ask you, when you first heard that on unadulterated Virginia, whose side were you on? Were you like.
Speaker B: I was. I was too early for any of that. I was. I was trying to understand anything. Like, the words were not going into the brain. It didn't. Did not compute. Did not compute.
Speaker A: Do you know whose side I was probably default on or more receptive to?
Speaker B: I'm gonna guess. Go. You were a big blocker.
Speaker A: Yeah, it just sounded like I was like, big blocks. Yeah. Like, why have small blocks when you can have big blocks? It's just like. And the. This was bitcoin cash. You had sort of the argument for it, for blocks, and that's what that tribe and that fork sort of became. But it was just, they're like, we can do so much more with block space. If only we had more block space. And so it seems just make more block space. Yeah. There was a tribe of old grandpa bitcoin people, curmudgeons, that were just, like, shaking their canes and saying, no, we want small blocks. That was my default. Like, no knowledge, sort of, uh, I'm just hearing for this first, for the first time, quick judgment. I quickly refined my views after learning a bit more about it. But that was my immediate reaction.
Speaker B: I think that was my introduction to the space as well, arguing with my, my first podcast co host, who's a big bitcoiner. Uh, and I came into this space and just, like, immediately identified with ethereum. My arguments to him were, like, very big blocker arguments. Uh, and, and so, like, maybe we can go into and define, like, big blockers and small blockers, because, like, a lot of people to arguments about how you should build crypto or what crypto should look like, can be characterized as, like, a big blocker or a small blocker argument. And so big blockers in the bitcoin space advocated for this, basically was a debate over, like, how do we scale bitcoin? Bitcoin is this thing now in 2015, in the future? We want it to support the entire globe.
Speaker A: And you know why? Because gas fees on bitcoin were getting really expensive. Like, transaction fees were getting expensive at this time, and people were angry about it.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, so famously, there was always this, like, one satan, one sat per byte, or like, the lowest possible fee for bitcoin blocks, basically free. And then in 2015, 2016, they started to creep up. And then all of a sudden, people were like, oh, like, how are we going to scale bitcoin? How are we going to take the world and put it on top of bitcoin? How do we scale the network? And so two philosophical debates forked in the bitcoin culture to become the big blockers and the small blockers. So the big blockers advocated for just increasing the raw size of bitcoin blocks from 1 megabytes, allowing for, like, theoretically eight times more transactions, which would lower transaction costs. Small blockers advocated for keeping the block size the same and argued that increasing the block size would compromise bitcoin's decentralization, because if you make blocks bigger, you make blocks harder. To verify, which is a core principle of blockchains, is that the blockchain should be trivial to verify for users. Users need to be as sovereign as anyone else in the system. And when you increase the scope of the complexity of the layer one, then you actually make it more difficult for the long tail of humanity, the long tail people, to partake in the validation of the bitcoin system.
Speaker A: Well, let's define what that means when you say users, right? Because users cast a very wide net. You could be a bitcoin user by just holding bitcoin. You could even be a bitcoin user in a way, by holding bitcoin on the exchange, right? That's not like the deepest use case, but like just holding bitcoin, uh, you know, yourself, self custody keys, that makes you a bitcoin user. I would certainly argue that what you're talking about is, um, a more advanced type of user who is, uh, not only holding bitcoin, but also running a bitcoin node to validate the transactions from the miners. All the proof of work, miners, they put out blocks. This gives, uh, somebody who wants to chooses to run the bitcoin software the ability to validate that those, uh, transactions are in effect, correct. So it is a user, but it's a slightly more advanced user because it's a user that's actually running bitcoin software.
Speaker B: Yeah, I would contend with one nuance of that, which is that you say slightly more advanced user, and a big blocker philosophy would actually make that a much more advanced user where a small block philosophy would be like, well, no, actually that same user that's holding BTC on binance or Coinbase, they could become the same user that's verifying the actual layer one, because it's not that hard.
Speaker A: To do because the node requirements are.
Speaker B: Light, you can run those requirements are.
Speaker A: Light node on it.
Speaker B: That's where the hardware requirements are light. So your shitty PC from 1992 can actually become a bitcoin node.
Speaker A: Oh, wow, you think so?
Speaker B: 1992, I don't know, I just made that up. But the point is, if you desire to, if you are merely a bitcoin holder, but you also desire to become a validator of the network, which is different than ethereum. Validator. Validators. Just processing the bitcoin transactions self sovereignly and verifying them, verifying. It's not a complex thing to do. And you could become that person because it's trivial to do.
Speaker A: Yeah, you're democratizing that, right. Whereas the big block path, where it eventually leads, eventually is no one can run a node unless you have like state of the art compute. And maybe the end of that is like you're in a data center somewhere. And so, you know, no normal person is able to actually validate the blocks. That's where big blockers kind of end up if they continue to, you know, eight x block size.
Speaker B: Right? And so the, the small blockers would also point to the big blocker argument saying, like, if you just raise the block size of bitcoin from one to eight and allow for eight times more capacity, that's like, still not anywhere close to enough. Like, we eventually need infinity transactions in order to scale this to the globe. And so small blockers advocated for a different scaling strategy. They called this alternative path segwit for segregated witness, which is basically a mechanism for just removing signatures from transactions and then bundling them together. It was a block optimization strategy. So rather than increasing the size of blocks, you would keep the blocks the same, but be able to do more with the blocks. So more transaction density inside of the same size of blocks. And this would also open up scaling solutions outside of the bitcoin core protocol called layer twos. This opened up, like, lightning network. This is what made lightning network more feasible, more possible. And now many other, like, ordinals. Ordinals? Like, yeah, like ordinals. Like, a lot of bitcoin expressivity comes out of this segment thing. So just like the really the two points of emphasis here, small blocks, small blockers wanting to scale bitcoin in two ways, increasing block density by making trans individual transactions more valuable, more compact, more economic, more efficient, and then also scaling up layer two is creating room for functional off chain scaling solutions. And so they just point out, if you just increase the raw size of bitcoin blocks, it's just like increasing lanes on a highway, you're just actually going to induce demand, and you're actually not going to actually solve any of the problems of scaling. And in fact, you're actually going to make bitcoin less decentralized. Fast forward to the end of the bitcoin block size wars. Bitcoin cash forked out of bitcoin in 2017. And we all know the price action of bitcoin cash. Actually, it's, like, still in the top 25, which is kind of crazy.
Speaker A: It did really well at first.
Speaker B: It did really well at first. And then it's been down.
Speaker A: There was talk of, like, bitcoin cash flipping bitcoin and who is right? And eventually it kind of failed off. And, like, what is bitcoin today, no one talks about bitcoin cash.
Speaker B: Yeah, but that was like a lesson in history, right? And so this whole small blocker, big blocker debate, I think like rings through the halls of crypto history and still persists to this day. Like, all layer ones exist somewhere on a continuum between small blocker and big blocker philosophy. And we don't really often, like, define it as small blocker, big blocker philosophy. We use other terms, but this ideologies, these two different ideologies, do come to resonate more strongly with some tribes other than others.
Speaker A: Well, let me just. This wasn't in your article, so it's a brief side quest, but I think is important in terms of how that decision was effectively made. Like, what is the canonical bitcoin? Because an alternative bitcoin, bitcoin for, called bitcoin cash, actually had a lot of legitimacy in the early days, and some of that legitimacy was. Was coming from the community. Of course, some miners preferred that as well. Many exchanges were on board with that. And in fact, like, I think Coinbase and at one point in time was sort of more on board, on board with the bitcoin cash. Like Brian Armstrong came out supportive ish of bitcoin cash. As I recall, at the time. At least the small blockers charged him with being overly supportive with that. But how was the decision actually made? Because this as well is kind of like a victory, let's say, for a decentralization or some sort of check on power. What wasn't it, David, the case that the nodes themselves sort of voted and decided the outcome of what the true bitcoin was? Can you describe that? A little bit of.
Speaker B: Yeah, even a large supply of the bitcoin miners were more in favor of bitcoin cash, because if they did the calculus, they did the napkin math, and they determined that they could actually make more fees with bigger blocks. And so a lot of the hash power of bitcoin miners went over to bitcoin cash in support of bitcoin cash, too. So there was a large number of just like, institutions and players in the space that were like, oh, yeah, let's. I'm be happy with a big block outcome here. But ultimately it came down to people running nodes, people running the bitcoin node software, and more individuals running the bitcoin node software elected to stay on the bitcoin, the small block, the original instantiation of bitcoin. Now, notably, I think possibly we could have ended up in a world with bitcoin as like eight megabyte blocks under a different set of starting conditions. I think if bitcoin started with eight megabyte blocks and then small blockers came in and said, hey, we should fork bitcoin into becoming 1 mb blocks, I think the small blockers would have lost. My opinion is actually that like it's because of bitcoin doesn't want to be changed. And so bitcoin started off as 1 mb blocks and the big blockers wanted to change bitcoin to be larger. I think whichever side was going to win was the way that bitcoin already was from, from Genesis. That's kind of like my rationale.
Speaker A: So let's talk about modern day. So this is somewhat ancient history and crypto, David, it's almost like ten years ago that this happened. Okay, so like why most crypto people.
Speaker B: Did not experience this.
Speaker A: No. And they don't care. And like, whatever, it's bitcoin. I mean, we're talking about other networks now. It's nothing to do with ethereum, is it? Or nothing to do with Solana? So what does this look like in modern day?
Speaker B: I think the easiest example to extrapolate into is the Solana versus Ethereum. Camp Solana is the big blockers. Ethereum, we're the small blockers. There's also other axes that have also emerged. So now this is not just like the only axie for viewing a chain, but this is like one of the original continuums that was a point of contention between tribes, between debates. And so we'll talk about some other axes that also kind of help define what a blockchain is. But big block for small block is like the original trade off design space that facilitated a bunch of debate in crypto. I mean, like we see some of these same arguments, right? Like the Solana camp says that ethereum is too expensive and too slow to get the world on chain. Consumers aren't going to use crypto until transactions are instant and free. And we need to engineer as much capacity as possible into the layer one. Sound familiar?
Speaker A: Yeah. Increase the size of the blocks, increase TPS transactions per second, fit more stuff like inside of the blocks that this layer one produces, right?
Speaker B: The Ethereum camp says that this is a fundamental compromise on decentralization and credible neutrality, creating an enshrined set of winner and losers and ultimately produces the same set of socio financial stratifications that we're trying to get away from the world of treadfy. So instead we should focus on increasing the density and value of layer one blocks, fees at the layer one and for scaling up to the layer two s. So the whole point is like this debate is nothing new. We have different playing fields, different landscape to have this debate. But debates are always the same. The debates have never really changed.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's interesting because Solon is, of course, not a fork of Ethereum. So it's a little bit different in that way, but it's a similar philosophy. Right. And so what compromises exactly on decentralization and credible neutrality? Do you think that Ethereum would say a big block chain like Solana is actually making here?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think this debate is even. Is even easier to see in Ethereum versus Solana than bitcoin versus bitcoin cash. Because even though bitcoin cash was eight times larger than bitcoin in this grand scheme of things, compared to, like, the monolithic layer ones that we have today, bitcoin cash is like a small block blockchain, because the size and capacity and sophistication of Solana blocks and the Solana virtual machine has, like, it's literally trying to optimize for the furthest end of the spectrum. And so, like.
Speaker A: And it's better engineered, right, because it's not just the totally bitcoin work, which was just, like, not meant for parallelization and, like, high TPS anyway.
Speaker B: Bitcoin cash was just absolutely not optimized from an engineering standpoint to do anything that Solana is doing. So Solana is like, hey, let's let's engineer this from first principles, uh, which sets Solana off at, like, a much better position than, like, bitcoin cash ever would have, right? So, like, hey, let's build a brand new virtual machine that's hyper optimized for scale, right? Let let's build this piece of engineering that's hyper optimized to run on this very particular set of hardware, these very, very bits, strong bits of hardware. Uh, and so, like, that, to Solana's benefit, like, has been able to, like, construct a big blocker design philosophy from first principles, where bitcoin cash never had that opportunity. And that's why Solana is what it is. It is, like, big blocker philosophy taken to its logical conclusion. But.
Speaker A: But how does this manifest into the charge that it's like, why not do that? You know, like Ethereum says, it's not decentralized enough. And one bit of difference between the bitcoin big blockers and small blockers is with Ethereum. With the move to proof of stake, anybody with a certain amount of heath can be a validator in the network, not just verifying the transactions and running a node, a non validating node, but also producing blocks. They can be a block producer with bitcoin that's blocked right now. You can't be a miner, produce blocks. Unless you have data center and access.
Speaker B: To super, you can't produce blocks unless you have economies of scale.
Speaker A: Okay, so does it come down essentially, to Ethereum, by constraining its block size, is basically making it such that, um, anybody with consumer hardware has the ability to run a, uh, a node that produces blocks to be a validator, essentially. Is that what it comes down to when you talk about decentralization?
Speaker B: Yeah, Ethereum, you can, with consumer hardware, can both, both produce blocks and independently, in a self sovereign way, check the validity of other people's blocks. So you not, you aren't trusting any intermediary to tell you which block is correct or what transactions are correct. You are doing it yourself. And Solana, like, you could do it yourself, but it's so much harder there. The hardware and sophistication is just a much higher threshold to get over. And this is the trade off that the Solana ecosystem has made. Like, we're, we're like, users aren't going to do it anyways. So we're just going to go ahead and, like, trim that feature of, like, user self sovereign verification from the blockchain, because they're just not going to do it. So we're going to juice this thing, and we're actually going to fit more people on chain. We're going to have lower transaction costs and higher fees.
Speaker A: I mean, this is a point of detail here, because some people contend with, with that, right? Which is like, no, David, you can run a Solana non validating node from your home. Like, you totally, you totally can do that. It costs more. It's not, you can't run it necessarily on your, just like your standard MacBook pro, like, you know, cheap edition, but, you know, spend $3,000 or something, or $5,000, get a beefy machine, more beefy machine, and you can run it. Of course, you have to, you know, increase your, your bandwidth, maybe, but you could still sort of run a non validating Solana node from, from home. So, like, what's the big deal?
Speaker B: Yeah, I guess it's just a debate as to, like, how far away from end consumer verification we are willing to get. And, like, I think it's actually bandwidth that's the biggest bottleneck to, like. It's just stronger Solana decentralization. And bandwidth is just like, all right, what's the top of the world and how good is the bandwidth across?
Speaker A: You need some fiber, higher bandwidth, that kind of thing.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think the actual hardware is. So you need good hardware and you need to be proximate to bandwidth. And so we've started to meaningfully constrain the possible validating set of humanity to Solana.
Speaker A: I think it's just important to note, though, this is a sliding scale. Right, right. Like, you still, you still can't run a bitcoin node on like, you know, like hardware that's 15 years old. Uh, I would expect. Or maybe you can, but, like, you might do that actually. You can't run an ethereum node, non validating node on a 15 year old computer. Right. Um, and then Solana moves it, like, farther in terms of, uh, to the right to actually, like, in terms of resource, um, consumption, to, to run a non validating node. But, but it's all spectrum.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think maybe to define it, like, with Ethereum. Ethereum wants to make it sufficiently easy to verify the Ethereum blockchain so that, like, you don't have to try to verify the Ethereum blockchain. The background processes of your typical consumer hardware can verify the Ethereum blockchain. So you don't have to actually really try with Solana. Like, you have to actually be meaningfully motivated to verify the Solana blockchain. And, like, maybe, maybe it's not that hard, but, like, the point is you actually have to, like, produce, like, coherent effort to actually make that a thing. And so that's kind of like defining the gap between these two chains. So this is just modern day big blocker, small blocker stuff. Right. I want to also introduce a second axis into this, which is related, but also meaningfully different, which is the inclusion of a virtual machine. Bitcoin does not have a virtual machine inside of bitcoin core. It has individual opcodes that can do computation, but the computation is constrained into whatever that opcode does. And so there's no virtual machine there. Celestia also does not have a virtual machine inside of its blockchain. And so Celestia just accepts arbitrary data. It just accepts blobs and puts blobs into celestia blob space. And that's what Celestia does. And so now we have this two trade off axes. We have block, what I'm calling block sophistication, or block complexity, which is having or not having a virtual machine. And then you also have small blocks versus large blocks, whereas bitcoin occupies the corner of a very non complex block state, as in, like, verifying internally the bitcoin. It's not that complex. There's not that many opcodes. There's a finite number of opcodes. And it's also got small blocks. Celestia massive blocks, 1gb size blocks. You can put a gigabyte of data inside of a celestia block. It's massive. It's crazy, but it's actually pretty. They're so simple. They're just rudimentary, primitive by design, intentionally simple blocks or dumb blocks. And what that does, it pushes sophistication upstairs up to the layer twos. And so bitcoin, and like Celestia are small blocks and large blocks of simple blocks. But then you have Ethereum, which is small blocks of complex blocks because it has a virtual machine. And then Solana is like, much more complex and much larger. So, like, it has truly optimized for, like, the. And this is why Celestia occupies, like, this most, most complex type of layer, one blockchain, which is why we call this a monolithic blockchain.
Speaker A: Some other analogies for, you know, block space. The complexity of the block space is expressivity. Like, you know, how much can you fit and express or programmability of a particular block? You know, a couple of analogies that people have used in the past is if bitcoin is kind of like a ledger or just an Excel spreadsheet. Well, Ethereum is like an Excel spreadsheet where every individual cell is like a program, is like a macro that you can run. Or if a non VM unsophisticated blockchain is. To me, sometimes I look at what's possible on bitcoin, I'm like, wow, it's amazing what you can do on top of a TI 83 calculator. I used to have friends who would just play doom on their TI 83 calculators versus a computer where you can have much more sophisticated types of technologies. But even there, the difference is small block and big block expressivity versus non programmable block space.
Speaker B: Yeah, I really just want to dive into this last point. Block complexity. Block complexity, which is, do you have a virtual machine? Do you not have a virtual machine? How many opcodes do you have? Like, prior, this was the Ethereum like, introduction to the space is like, it was the first blockchain with a virtual machine in it. All blockchains before Ethereum were just like, hey, we'll add features by adding more individual opcodes, like a finite serial number of opcodes. And like, oh, we define. We just discovered this new feature. Let's make an opcode out of it. Metallica was like, this is silly. We're just going to make opcodes into infinity. Let's just make a virtual machine and.
Speaker A: Put the term Turing complete turnkey very popular there, which is kind of like a nerdy turn just to say that you could do anything. You can program inside of the block, right?
Speaker B: Yep. And so this, to bitcoin philosophy, adding a virtual machine inside of Ethereum was just like, how dare you? Like, deep sin. Don't do that. It's adding complexity to the blockchain, which reduces people's ability to verify the chain. So this is why bitcoiners, like, honestly, to this day don't like virtual machines and their blockchains.
Speaker A: Like, there's problems with it, risk surface.
Speaker B: Area, like all, all this kind of stuff. Uh, and so it actually is a reduction of the user ability to verify the validity of transactions themselves. And if you remember going back into like 2017, 2018, like, the Ethereum community was relentlessly bullied by the bitcoin community because you could never run an Ethereum node. Like, the state bloat was going to get too large. Like, never catch up to the chain.
Speaker A: Like, you can run it now, but your change just started. In the future, this is going to just expand out of control and you can't you run a node. There's also a lot of schadenfreude after the Dow hack when they said, ha, see what happens when you make your blocks programmable? Somebody can hack a key contract and take a large portion of the supply. And what do you have to do? You have to work or a fracture will enter new community. So I think many bitcoiners felt very vindicated in that era.
Speaker B: Yeah. Interestingly, to this day, basically every single new layer, one blockchain, is a smart contract for virtual machine blockchain. Ever since ethereum, everyone's like, okay, we do smart contracts now except for Celestia.
Speaker A: Except Celestia.
Speaker B: Except Celestia. Yeah, that's super interesting. Okay, I want to get into this Vitalik article where this is where we go next called base layers and functionality escape velocity. And this is where I start to put in some more opinions into this article that are from me, my personal crypto investment thesis. And I think you agree with me, Ryan, is that the blockchain that incorporates both big block and small block philosophy and its design will ultimately, like, win, like, become. This is why I think Ethereum is going to eventually flip in bitcoin. I think both still believe that.
Speaker A: Of course, it's a magazine show.
Speaker B: Okay, both big blockers and small blockers are correct. It's not about who's right and who's wrong. They both have valid points. The point is to build a system that maximizes both of them. And so bitcoin as an architecture was not able to fit both big blockers and small blockers into its system. The bitcoin small blockers said, like host scaling is going to happen on layer twos, all the big blockers should just go build on lightning network. But lightning network was a dud. It literally could not house. It was not a tent for big blockers. Big blockers couldn't achieve their goals there. And if you understand anything about psychology, if when you cannot access your goals, if you cannot achieve your goals, you go elsewhere, you do something else. Like if you're blocked, you go around it. And so a lot of ultimately what became bitcoin, Blake blockers, a lot of them became Ethereum people when Ethereum was around. So Ethereum, like absorbed some of the bitcoin big blockers. And so the constraints of the bitcoin layer one could not house big blockers. And so that's why the thing forked. And so a couple quotes I want to read from Vitalik's article here. He basically argues for minimally increasing the functionality of a layer one in order to produce highly functional layer twos. So two quotes. While a layer one cannot be too powerful, as greater power implies greater complexity and hence greater brittleness, a layer one must also be powerful enough for the layer two protocols on top that people want to build to actually be possible in the first place. Keeping the layer one simple and making up for it on layer two is not a universal answer to blockchain scalability and functionality problems, because it fails to take into account that layer one blockchains themselves must have a sufficient level of scalability and functionality for this building on top to actually be possible. So this is actually Vitalik saying, hey, from the bitcoiner perspective, we need to have more big block philosophy in the layer one, but not too much more. So like this is how I would summarize this article. We need to increase the scope of layer one blocks beyond small block maximalism in order to ensure that layer twos can achieve functionality escape velocity, which is like, we need block sophistication. And then we should also not increase the scope of layer one blocks beyond the point of achieving layer two functionality. Because this unnecessarily compromises on layer one decentralization and credible neutrality. Any additional utility on the layer one should instead be pushed to the layer two. And so we need block sophistication, we need block complexity because that is increasing the functionality of the layer one to the benefit of layer twos. And then after that, we should maintain a small block philosophy. And this, to me, represents a compromise between both parties.
Speaker A: Well, isn't he just re articulating what you just said, which is like small blocks that are expressive? Yeah, like this top right quadrant. He's just re expressing that. And this post was written in 2019 and I would say encapsulates the Ethereum design philosophy in general. Right there, there are, there are other people who disagree with him, entire tribes that disagree with him. Bitcoin says, yeah, we like the small blocks, whatever, that's cool, but we don't like the expressivity. Right? And then Solana says, we don't. We want big blocks and expressivity and more expressivity. Do it. We can do it too. And why are you artificially constraining your, your blocks in the first place? So to me that's just Vitalik explaining Ethereum philosophy. I guess that's your point though.
Speaker B: Yep, yep, that's exactly right. And it's also why Ethereum became Ethereum. And so, like, if you agree with this philosophy, you end up in the top right quadrant here, which is like the Ethereum quadrant. And so like, this ultimately gets into like what has emerged as the way that a lot of the core devs view the Ethereum layer one, which is as a, what they call a root of trust, which is also like a technical engineering term, a root of trust is a source that can always be trusted within a cryptographic system. That's the definition of a root of trust. Sounds like the Ethereum layer one. So like the Ethereum one, layer one maintains its small block philosophy by leveraging advances in cryptography to produce functionality, escape velocity at higher levels. And then it accepts fraud proofs and validity proofs from layer twos onto the layer one. And then it can compress an effectively infinite number of transactions from its layer twos into this very easily to verify bundle. Cause that's what a ZK proof is. That's what a fraud proof is. And then those proofs are then verified by a decentralized network of consumer hardware. So whereas like, we typically have been talking about this like big block, small block trade off continuum, kind of like as a horizontal landscape, like bitcoin on one side, Solana on the other, in my mind, Ethereum actually flips this continuum vertical and it says, hey, put the small blocks on the bottom, call that the layer one, and then put all the big blockers, all the big block, big block chains on layer twos. Remember when Jesse was like, hey, with base, the base blockchain, Jesse from base, we are going to target one giga gas a second, which is a 400 x increase in base transaction capacity. That's a huge, big blogger philosophy, and it is putting all of its assets and its proofs onto the ethereum layer one. To me, this is actually where a lot of these synergies blossom, because we have big blocks on top and a small blockchain that is the anchor to this whole big block universe up top, right?
Speaker A: So I guess one implication of that, and this is a term I think we learned back in like 2019, I would say, is economic density of the blocks on the layer one themselves, right? So if you have small blocks, but they collapse the transactions of an entire chain's worth or entire chain ecosystem's worth of economic activity, well, you have incredibly economically dense blocks, right? So these are, these are like neutron star level, like density types of blocks. And that's been both Ethereum's philosophy, but it allows the end bitcoins. But ethereum allows for enough expressivity to make layer twos actually, like, possible and like, easy. Although I would say now bitcoin is starting to hack in ways to store data inside of its opcodes and create layer twos as well. So it's sort of like a tree is springing up, maybe like a twig, like the root of a tree. An early stage seedling is springing out out of the bitcoin layer one too. It's not as mature and robust as ethereum's tree, but like, that's starting to happen as well. Do you have any takes on that?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's actually been really interesting to see bitcoin discover data availability. This is what happened when ordinals Washington birthed on bitcoin. Ordinals basically created this idea of bitcoin as a data availability layer, and you could just inscribe jpegs to it and we could have fun with that. Babylon is a bitcoin restaking platform that wants to build the cosmos vision on top of bitcoin, which also is what Celestia is doing on top of its.
Speaker A: Layer one bm as well, which makes actually some kind of poor man's optimistic roll up happen on bitcoin, which is kind of neat.
Speaker B: And so bitcoin, Ethereum and Celestia are all like leveraging their own layer ones as a data availability layer to build more or less the same ecosystem on top of them, which I think is like super interesting that, like, we have three different types of layer ones, and they all want to build, more or less, what is the cosmos vision on top of each respective layer one?
Speaker A: But doesn't all of this point to kind of the convergence aspect of all of this, which is like, bitcoin is going to converge on Ethereum strategy? And also, if you go to the far big blocker like side of the equation, there's no reason Solana can't have, hypothetically, layer twos that settle down to Solana.
Speaker B: I'm not sure about that, actually.
Speaker A: Why? Why don't you think that's possible?
Speaker B: Well, because the whole big blocker philosophy is like, if you need a second layer, you've. You've effed up on your first layer. Like, this is actually like, what I think what anatolian myrrh like almost exclude. Like that is their narrative. A second layer is emblematic of failures of the first layer. And so Solana, of these three quadrants, Solana is the one that doesn't want layer twos. It's going to have layer twos for sovereignty purposes, but not for technical purposes, is like the Solana maximalist.
Speaker A: Do you think that's true? Just because there are certain Anatolia or myrrt kind of like, want that? Do you truly don't see a layer two network kind of like emerging on top of. On top of Solana? Because there's no technical reason why it's not possible. And if Solana is, like, permissionless.
Speaker B: No, no. Okay, so, like, the whole idea of, like, it's difficult for users at the layer one to verify the blockchain, a user can be another blockchain. And so if Solana, if you make it a difficult to verify blockchain, layer twos also have that difficulty of keeping up with the Solana chain and actually being a part of the Solana system, you can build a layer two on Solana. It's just immensely more difficult than it is to build on a much more slow, decentralized. Wait.
Speaker A: Why verify more difficult?
Speaker B: Just because the technical capacity of the layer two has to also keep up and verify the state of the Solana.
Speaker A: Layer one, the speed at which.
Speaker B: And so if you have an optimistic roll up on Solana, like you could, it's probably going to be easier to do a ZK. But you have an optimistic roll up on Solana, like, you need to be doing computation and you need to be doing a lot of computation, both on the layer two and the layer one, in order to even produce the fraud proof.
Speaker A: I wouldn't mind, like, vetting that. I bet that there's some sort of like Solana's answer to layer two. But, but let's take that aside. I think, I think you're right. From a narrative perspective, definitely the Solana big blocker motif is like, why have layer twos? Layer twos are dumb. Bit like the monolithic chain is like another way, or integrated chain as you know, like maybe a different way of putting the same thing. One quick side quest on this, David, is I think in the interim for Ethereum, um, one thing to note that it is moving in terms of its use case. Like, so I think Ethereum layer one used to be for people and individual users. So the time we got into crypto, you know, 2017, when we started using it like a lot in the early defi, you did everything on layer one, right? Like users use now. Because Ethereum is moving to this high, economically dense, root of trust type of configuration. Ethereum really isn't meant for average everyday people anymore. Like, it's unaffordable. You have to be a whale, you have to be an exchange, you have to be some sort of batch of transactions. You have to be a fund, you have to be a chain, you have to be something. And the users can go use layer twos and layer threes, but it's still going to be expensive to use ethereum. One thing that that leads people to is the conclusion that Ethereum is too expensive. I'll put that in quotes, but I actually think that's a really bad take because it kind of depends who you are. If you're looking at it from a chains perspective. If you're the base chain, here's some stats for you. The base chain has already made $40 million in terms of revenue. A few days ago, in one single day, it made almost $700,000 in revenue. And how much did it pay Ethereum for that? 2500. Where the root of trust cost $2,500 to settle to Ethereum. So an entire chain is making like seven hundred k a day and its costs are 2500 to Ethereum. Right. From the chains perspective, from base's perspective, that's really, really cheap. And from users perspective on base, so long as their transaction fees also are low, they will be cheap for them as well. Anyway, what it leads to, I guess, is my point is theres this awkward transition phase that Ethereum is in right now, where its moving from a settlement layer for people to a settlement layer for chains. And its causing a lot of this cycle, a lot of narrative pain for it because it almost feels like a pivot. I think to the community. Do you have any thoughts on this?
Speaker B: Yeah, I actually want to put a pin in that, because I think we're going to get to that exact point. But I want to start there with talking about the cosmos vision. We're talking about, like, Celestia, bitcoin, Solana, Ethereum. What about Cosmos? Why aren't we talking about Cosmos? Cosmos. The way that Cosmos people explain it is actually not a technology. There's no cosmos chain. There's no any one particular thing that is cosmos. Cosmos is the way that Sam Hart articulates it is actually a choice. It's an idea. Cosmos is the choice to build a sovereign application that seeks to interoperate with others. And so the more sovereign your layer two is, the more that you've embodied the choice to become a Cosmos app. And so there's a lot of, like, resonance with the Ethereum layer two, landscape and the Cosmos vision. Because, again, just to articulate the cosmos vision for the world is many, many, many sovereign chains that desire to interoperate with other sovereign chains. And so, as you were saying, like, base is a sovereign chain, except for one small nuance that we'll get to. Uh, but it's highly economically secure because of the benefits of, uh, being an ethereum layer two. Uh, and you can also interoperate with other chains via the ethereum layer one. Uh, and so go for it.
Speaker A: Yeah, I would say it feels really sovereign. Like. Like for base, they have the ability to deploy their chain. They can take all the revenue, whatever. They just have to pay some sort of defense fee to Ethereum.
Speaker B: And it's the right maintain point that base is actually not perfectly sovereign. And so in the same way that there's a trade off landscape between functionality, escape velocity that Vitalik defined, I think there's also a sovereignty escape velocity kind of phenomenon where, like, layer twos do make some sacrifices to their sovereignty, to a common shared settlement layer that we call the Ethereum layer one. So all of them, at least this is the model for rollups. Not all of them are doing this, but they all will do this will create fraud proofs and validity proofs. These are cryptographic proofs, and they will commit to posting them to their bridge contract on the Ethereum layer one or two onto the blob space. And so there is this, some internal operation that they commit to some external landing zone, the Ethereum layer one. And so that is the trade off that layer twos have made that make them not perfectly sovereign. Some other chain has control over their fork choice rule. Uh, some other chain is where they post their fraud proofs. Uh, but by making that trade off, they become highly interoperable via a cryptographic. Via cryptographic assurances. Uh, and so there's, like, this image that I pulled from Harry Potter. I don't know if you're a Harry Potter fan, but, like, the unbreakable vow, that you can make an unbreakable vow in Harry Potter, and then if one person breaks the vow, then they die. So, like, fraud proofs, validity proofs, these are cryptographic proofs. Like, you can't break cryptography. And they formally, like, connect the Ethereum layer one to all of its layer twos. And so this is the trade off. That cosmos, a pure cosmos vision with complete sovereignty, does not do, because it's their cosmos itself, is so incredibly optimizing for sovereignty. But the Ethereum roll up landscape does make this trade off. It does make the sacrifice that, like, hey, we're going to commit to an external root of trust, an external reference point to ensure our security, I guess.
Speaker A: To see that trade off. Right. I guess maybe a contrast point is what's the difference between being an app as a smart contract on top of Ethereum or on top of Solana? And what level of sovereignty do you have there versus being your own chain? And I'm just thinking through this in my head, but it seems very much like being your own chain. You have much more, so much more sovereignty there. You don't have complete sovereignty, which is almost as it should be, like users want the ability to exit. And the entire point of layer two is that there's some level of user protection and decentralization that is preserved. But is that more? I think it's more than a smart contract app built on top of a layer one, because as we've seen with certain smart contract apps, the DAO being notable example, like rollbacks or what do they call it, was the term used.
Speaker B: For that irregular state transition.
Speaker A: A regular state transaction like transition can actually happen, and that's a breach of sovereignty anyway, I guess that's a contrast point. So you'd say you have more sovereignty as your own chain than an individual smart contract deployed on top of layer one.
Speaker B: Yeah. And I think one day there will be a uni chain, and that will be an application that is looking to seek more sovereignty for itself and become a chain. We're not there yet. There's a bunch of hurdles that we need to get through in the ethereum ecosystem to get there. But you can see how the desire for sovereignty will produce chains, not applications. And again, the cryptographic proofs kind of tie, like arbitrum and optimism are not tied together except through the Ethereum layer one. And so they are interoperable with the central settlement hub. Like, my kind of claim is that, well, the cosmos vision has kind of, like, floundered. It's like a big idea that hasn't really scaled. And so I think if you make the small compromise to sovereignty just by saying, hey, we'll allow the Ethereum to check our fraud proofs, you actually produce more total sovereignty, because that is the trade off that produces the cambrian explosion.
Speaker A: It seems very clear to me that, like, between Ethereum and Celestia and all of the layer twos, they have totally co opted the idea of cosmos. It's just like. Like, so you have complete sovereignty of chains. You just have, like, this root of, like, trust, right? Which is really interesting. You say in your article that there are a few things you get from this unbreakable vow as a. As a layer two. So we talked about chain security already. There's two others, though. One is composability. It feels like that hasn't really kicked in yet. David. Composability. So all the layers. Well, it's true. It's like, all the layers.
Speaker B: I actually don't think it's true. Okay, I want to take it. Why?
Speaker A: Because we've done entire episodes on how Ethereum has a massive fragmentation problem in its layer twos and the steps that, like, solutions that are coming online to sort of, like, fix this fragmentation problem. So in, like, maybe it's not as fragmented as cosmos, but then Cosmos has IBC as well, right? So, like, yeah. What gives you the sense that right now, being in layer two increases your composability?
Speaker B: So, yeah, Ethereum gets critiqued for being fragmented. But ironically, Ethereum is the only network that's out there that's actually stitching together chains through cryptographic proofs. So, like, by contrast, the many layer one space is complete and total fragmentation, whereas the Ethereum, layer two space is fragmented actually only by latency. Ethereum, it's actually the only system actually binding together chains through cryptography. So it's actually the only system that's composable. The difference why ethereum gets critiqued for being fragmented is because this is the Solana narrative, which is, don't use many layer ones. Just use our layer one. There's no fragmentation here because we are the monolithic layer one. We have as much capacity as possible, and we have as much sophistication as possible. We have like the Solana virtual machine and we have like zero fee transactions with as much capacity as possible. So why would you need any other chain? So it's only fragmented from the perspective of like a single layer, one that you are having that perspective from. But if you look at the totality of all layer ones, ethereum is the most composed network.
Speaker A: I want to go back to the comment earlier, because you say, you say another thing. The third thing that you say layer twos get from this unbreakable val as a layer two is a unit of account eth being sort of like money. If you have a trustless bridge in your layer two thats backed by Zk proofs or validity proofs, you essentially have crypto native eth like trustless eth. By the way, we should caveat this. This is the state on layer two beat of how decentralized the layer twos are for anyone says, but layer twos are just a side chain. Like first of all, that's too simple a narrative, but it's also too simple a narrative to say layer two s are maximally decentralized and they're exactly like ethereum block space. Like both of those are wrong. This is the current state of layer two. I would say decentralization and arbitrum is closest to being most closely, almost fully decentralized and kind of like a stage one needs to get to stage two. The op ecosystem is still in stage zero. So anyway, you can go to, um, layer two beat if you want to see sort of like what the centralization vectors are still are for some of these chains. But anyway, back to my point. So eth is money. Uh, like that's a benefit to the layer twos. When I put out this tweet and I said, hey, yesterday base made almost seven hundred k and only paid Ethereum 2500 for that, I people responded and said that's a mega bearish eth. Like it's cannibalizing itself, it's losing all its revenue. That's terrible. Now layer twos are kind of becoming the tail that wags the dog. They get all of the revenue. And what about poor eth block validators? Their revenue sources dropping to zero. So whats your take on? I mean, maybe this was the right move for decentralization David, to be in this upper right small block VM type of quadrant. But maybe that was the wrong decision from an ETH value accrual perspective. Whats your take on this?
Speaker B: So what were those numbers for the base chain? They made $673,000 and then they paid $2,500 in a one day window on.
Speaker A: One particular day when markets are heating up. So, like, again, this is just like, not a trendline you can extrapolate and just be like, oh, yeah. That this profit margin is going to exist forever. Like, but all those things aside. Yes.
Speaker B: Yeah. Okay, so what happens when the costs of producing a chain is $2,500 a day and that same chain is generating $700,000, $600,000 of revenue? What, what do you think happens?
Speaker A: I think we're getting a lot more chains.
Speaker B: We get, you get a whole lot more layer, too. Get a ton more. And so this isn't some sort of, like, hey, going to have layer twos because of sovereignty? No, we're going to have layer twos because it's profitable as hell.
Speaker A: Good business model.
Speaker B: It's a good business model. And when we have many, many, many layer twos that are all independent sovereign chains, except for the cryptographic proofs that provide strong settlement insurances between the layer two and the layer one, those are all ETH monetary networks. This is like, if we, visa is a monetary network spreading around like dollars or whatever unit account you want to run through visa. All layer twos are monetary networks around EtH. And so, like, yeah, the Ethereum design philosophy is like, take off the brakes for layer twos, let a thousand layer twos bloom. They all use eth as money. They all, like, suck up eth. Like, look at how many, like, all the eth that's being sucked up.
Speaker A: But they don't have to use ethos money. Back to your comment on sovereignty. And like, even, do you remember Starknet announcement? They're using their own stark token for, for gas. They're not necessarily using ethos money, but.
Speaker B: Yes, this is a trade off to.
Speaker A: Pay, they still have to pay their taxes to Ethereum and like, block space. Basically, the fee is denominated Ethereum, but they're not fully ethos money. They have sovereignty over that. But even still, you think. I think what you're saying is like, the trade off is worth it, right? Because you make it up in volume. Make it up in chain volume. This is exactly what Solana says totally about their fee market. The reason why fees on Solana are sort of sustainable, according to someone who is a Solana bull, is in the fullness of time, you'll have hundreds of thousands of transactions per second on your layer one. You'll have so many transactions that will be super cheap, it will culminate in some pretty decent revenue. In addition, to MeV and the ordering of blocks in the revenue unit for there. It's the same thing. Kind of the same argument.
Speaker B: Yeah, except one produces many, many, many layer twos, one actually produces more net new blockchains into the crypto space and one does not. Which is why I kind of just philosophically align with the Ethereum design strategy, because it's both. It is the big tent chain is small blockers on the bottom, big blockers on top.
Speaker A: So you just identify with the philosophy is what you would say. But are you also making the argument that this is kind of like the winning philosophy?
Speaker B: Yeah. So this is why I call this the grand unified theory of Ethereum architecture. It is. Oh, you have a philosophy. Yours fits inside of the Ethereum design architecture. Oh, you have a belief system. It can fit on Ethereum and be composable with the rest of the Ethereum ecosystem. What do you believe? We have room for you.
Speaker A: Yeah, I guess my take on this is you may be right. And it's certainly something that like, from a thesis perspective, I also probably subscribe to, I guess best take. But I think that the fight, that battle and the convergence that were seeing, were already seeing bitcoin become a bit more like Ethereum. Right. And in some level I think Solana will also become a bit more like. I think there will be a Solana L two community. Lets say. Thats what I think. I dont know if thats true or not, but I think its kind of like this endgame type of convergence thats going to happen. And so to prove out your thesis, it's going to take years. It's going to take decades. And in the meanwhile, I think these four quadrants that you set up where you have non VM small blockchains and then VM small blockchains and you have non VM large blocks and then VM large blocks, they are still going to occupy important niches in crypto and fight each other. They're going to fight for the next couple of decades and we might end up, David, in a world that is a multipolar world where there's not like a power law winner of these types of things. It's just similar to kind of like, I guess the multipolar world that the world is moving to, where us dominance is kind of like falling, where you have this nexus of architecture approaches and zones of influence and that kind of thing. So it could play out that way as well.
Speaker B: I think that's right. I don't think Ethereum invented this endgame. Ethereum discovered it. And the reason why we're seeing convergence towards this, what I think is the conclusion of blockchain design, which is a small block anchor for a big block universe, or trivially easy to verify layer ones with a sovereignty landscape of layer twos. The reason why we're seeing conversions there is because everyone is trying to feel out this blindfolded feel out the walls of this universe, this crypto design architecture universe, and they're all kind of independently coming to the same conclusions via their own routes. But the gravitational pull of this design conclusion pulls on all of these systems nonetheless.
Speaker A: One thing that I would add for the bitcoin and ethereum camp that I would say that just sort of maybe, at least in my own mind, kind of like supports the thesis, is I think it is much harder to do kind of like Max decentralized low layer settlement layer, high economic bandwidth low, like small block layer. I think it's much harder to do that and keep that decentralized the entire way than it is to do something on the large block side of things.
Speaker B: Right. You see a fierce competition in the large block layer, one monolithic.
Speaker A: This is how I've always seen it for me, that occupies like a moat. Like, go try to be more decentralized. Launch your vc chain and go try to be more decentralized than bitcoin today or ethereum even today. Like, go try that.
Speaker B: Imagine like being a layer one designer and be like, hey, we're going to start with like, really slow, expensive transactions.
Speaker A: We're going to max decentralization, right? Yeah, you can't do that.
Speaker B: We're going to do ten transactions per second and they're going to each cost a dollar. Right? Why would any VC fund that? Because you can't bootstrap that way.
Speaker A: Right? So I think that windows closed the moat there. So long as people actually value and like, the world values, like, like decentralization, there's just like a massive castle wall like level moat there. Whereas in some of these other quadrants, like even take Celestia or Solana. Okay, your value proposition is high TPS, right? Right.
Speaker B: Fast.
Speaker A: And so what I've seen with Solana is like, again, this is own personal take. So, like, you know, Solana, Maxis will hate this right now, but Solana is going to have to defend itself against new higher TPS entrants that are VC funded. And the way it defends itself is network effect, its ecosystem. Developers, developers, developers community, all of these things. But it's going to have a lot of competitors. And even now does, like, move sui Monad, which is coming online doing high tps it so that that space is, I think, on this board here, going to be hard, harder to hold. At least. That's a hot take.
Speaker B: That makes sense to me because, like, block complexity, like, block sophistication and block size, there's actually no, like, maximum upper bounds there. You could always make a, like, a more monolithic layer one. You can always, like, engineer more capacity into your layer one. And so, like, there's always going to be competition there. It's always going to be true. And before Solana, there was eos. Right.
Speaker A: To. To Solana's credit, I've been very impressed with the staying power and the, and the mind share that it's had. It does seem to have something that is cut above other high tps, like big blockchains that have started in the past. All right, David, well, this has been great. Is there anything else you'd say to kind of, like, wrap this whole thing up?
Speaker B: No, I think that's it. That all sums it up pretty well, I'd say.
Speaker A: Guys, this has been bankless takes. Thanks for hanging with us. Of course, you know, crypto is risky. You could lose what you put in. But we are headed west. This is the frontier. It's not for everyone. But we're glad you're with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
Speaker B: Just kidding. I do want to answer that question slightly.
Speaker A: People already tuned out.
Speaker B: No, I'll just start over again.
Speaker A: Okay, cool, cool. All right, so start where I asked David for a question.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think I've said this point, but I kind of want to reiterate it one more time. The cosmos conclusion actually wins at the end of the day, no matter what. Like, cosmos actually just started at the end game, and now Celestia and Ethereum and bitcoin are now all kind of competing to get this Cosmos universe to be built on top of their blockchains. And so you kind of got to give some credit to the Cosmos people, because they, like, they just figured this out. They just kind of, like, skip to the end a little too soon. And they didn't build the anchor to, like, compose everything. But the cosmos endgame is ultimately, what, all three of these ecosystems that want layer twos to be built on top of it, that's what they want. They want the Cosmos universe. And so cosmos is just waiting at the end game. Like, oh, you guys have finally arrived. But the thing is, they weren't able to compose themselves before either bitcoin or celestia. Or ethereum showed up. I think it's super interesting how this playing out.
Speaker A: Some of those, you get the architecture, but you don't have enough of. It's too. It's too much anarchy. You don't have enough coordination to kind of glue it all together and, like, actually make it happen, which is interesting as well. All right, guys, this has been bankless takes. Hope you appreciated it. Got to end with this. Crypto is risky. You could lose what you put in. But we are headed west. This is the frontier. Not for everybody, but we're glad you're with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
