Speaker A: Bank of this nation. We are here at ETH Denver, where 20,000 investors, builders and users of crypto have descended every single year to mingle. And one of those individuals is RFK junior RFK, what brings you to Ethereum Denver? Why are you here? What interests you?
Speaker B: My presidential campaign is one of the priorities for us is transactional freedom and promoting America as a hub for cryptocurrency, innovation and as an alternative to rebuild the middle class in our country to end the war economy. Fiat currency is the product of a war economy. It's the way that wars are financed. When wars used to be financed by gold, they would end when the gold ran out. Now they never end because we can just print money all the time. If we had cryptocurrency as a central part of our monetized economy, it would inject discipline into that process and it would decrease the chances for war. It's a way to rebuild the middle class, to provide an off ramp from this monopolistic, globalized banking system. And that's critical for us. Jamie Dimon actually made a statement this week in which he said that the plan was for the regulatory agencies to obliterate bitcoin, and that is a method of controlling all of us and central bank digital currencies and the end of analog currencies. We ought to be moving in the other direction. During the Great Depression, there were over 3000 local currencies in our country. And that is where we need to be moving back toward more currencies to rebuild the american middle class, not make them the slaves to the fed.
Speaker A: If elected president, how would you engage with the crypto industry? Crypto is becoming increasingly partisan in Capitol Hill. What would our relationship look like if you were president?
Speaker B: I'm going to have, I'm already talking to the top people in the crypto industry and about how do you do this? How do you make America the hub of crypto innovation? How do you end the SEC's war on crypto? How do you encourage individual Americans across the board to own crypto, to protect themselves as a hedge against inflation? And how do we unravel the Wall street control of Main street, of the local economy? When I get into the White House, I plan to bring in those people as advisors to figure out how are we going to make this, how are we going to make crypto as part of the american experience and part of the commitment in America for freedom as the crypto industry?
Speaker A: What advice do you have for us as to how we can make it easier to advocate for us in the world of politics, what can we do to make your job easier?
Speaker B: To get involved in the political process has put out the word. There's only one candidate who is pro crypto, and that's me, President Biden. I don't even know if he's conversant with it, but his administration has been extraordinarily hostile to it. The SEC has been trying to destroy crypto. The pressure on the banks to not accept crypto, the banks that are accepting it have been punished for it. All of the tools that they're using to try to destroy crypto and drive it out of this country, it's not good for our country. President Trump said earlier this week that when he was asked about crypto, he said, I believe in one currency and it's the dollar. So I don't think either of these candidates is a friend to crypto. I understand the importance of crypto. I understand that transactional freedom is as important as freedom of expression. And I learned that during the Ottawa trucking strikes.
Speaker A: Over the last two years or so, some of the regulations coming out of the SEC and really just the Biden administration as a whole has pushed a lot of energy and excitement about the crypto space offshore. Really, the pendulum has shifted towards the east in Asia, and that has been where a lot of United States companies have had to move in order to do what they want to do in the crypto space. What is your plan to bring all of that, just economy and business and jobs back onshore?
Speaker B: That innovation is migrating offshore because of the hostility of the United States government. There's countries like Switzerland, like Portugal, like Belgium, Singapore, that treat crypto as a currency, which it ought to be treated as, it shouldn't be treated as a security, it shouldn't be taxed at every transaction. And I'm going to change that rule, and I'm going to make this country the most crypto friendly country in the world.
Speaker A: Well, RFK, I really appreciate you coming to the place that we all converge on every single year, Ethereum, Denver, being in the trenches with us. So I really appreciate you just being shoulder to shoulder with the cryptocurrency industry here.
Speaker B: Thank you for having me. Cheers, David. Thank you.
