Speaker A: Bunch, do you ever feel like everybody's making money except for you?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Are you.
Speaker B: Are you not making money?
Speaker C: I'm trying to figure out what's happening. Bunch, you was the first one here requested on stage. Immediately, we have Des in the crowd.
Speaker B: I was just going to say a wild des appeared.
Speaker C: There must be something in the air.
Speaker A: We're back. I think we're back.
Speaker B: I think. I think we are back. And now, look, my recipe is very easy. Pain. When there's things to be here for and excited about. It's very easy to do a podcast two, three times a week when you're in the midst of a thousand day bear market, when you're trying to show up three times a week to podcast on NFTs. Like, that's a tough gig, you know? And so I think it's quite honestly, as simple as that. Thoughts?
Speaker A: I think, uh. I think two days is much also rejuvenating.
Speaker B: Yes. Two days is much better, don't you think?
Speaker A: Immediately. Because there's more. There's that extra day between. There's an extra day between shows.
Speaker B: Now, the space between.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm not doing, uh, that's.
Speaker B: Come on. Come on. The space between, uh, wicked rhino.
Speaker A: Yeah. It lends for a longer Runway when it comes to things to talk about, so. Yeah, that definitely helps. Also, the bull market has begun.
Speaker B: Yeah, right. That's what I mean. Like, look, it's easy to show up when there's a bull market.
Speaker A: No, it's a pleasure to show up.
Speaker B: Yeah. Quite honestly, an honor. So let's go back to your opening statement, though, are you not?
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, yeah, but I feel like people are making money at a much quicker speed than I am right now.
Speaker B: Um, I don't know if that's true. I would say. Well, let's. Let's dive into that. Why do you feel that way? What are you seeing that you're like, oh, my God.
Speaker A: Um, dog with hat.
Speaker B: Well, you took your hat off.
Speaker A: I did take my hat off.
Speaker B: So what do you do? You don't have an excuse. I took my hat off. I lost money on that because I wasn't confident in the size of my head wearing that hat.
Speaker A: Oh, that's the worst. Certain heads require certain hats.
Speaker B: What you didn't understand was the hat stays on. And that's what I didn't understand. And, look, we're gonna be feeling that one for a while. Now, the question I have. We got the hatted dog hit a billion dollar market cap today. It is getting listed on Robinhood. It has not yet been listed on Coinbase or any of those exchanges. My mid curve brain tells me it's far too late. I had opportunities just to buy back in at. Now we're sitting here at a dollar, and, like, my brain is like, no, you don't. Do not. Don't do it. Don't do it. But I'm not sure it's done. Like, is this the one of the cycle? Like, is this the shib? Is it the doge? Is it? Or should we expect rotation of some sort into these other animals?
Speaker A: Um, there could be. So, um, on Tuesday show, uh, for example, um, there were people that were maybe a little, you know, a little bit hesitant on doge. Doge is not doing what wif is currently doing as far as percentage wise. But doge is up. It's early. It's, uh, it was. It's currently at just under $0.14. So up significantly since Tuesday, 40% or so. I want to say 16% on the day. Today it is moving. So that's one I wanted to pull up. I just saw a chart.
Speaker B: I guess my question is, though, is Doge a bad trade?
Speaker A: No, I don't think so. I think it's actually. No, I think it's a great trade. I think at this.
Speaker B: At this price, like, are we falling back into old memes? Like, I get. That's what I'm getting at, right? Is, like, because I think the entire 2017 to 2021 crypto space expects doge to do doge things at some point, right? Like, it's programmed, like, the BTC cycle, right? It's just there is a clear cycle on the doge chart, and we are at the point of liftoff here. If you're looking at that chart, my question is, is it too old? Are we, are there too many other meme coins that are of getting attention, or is this still kind of the main. Main course in terms of, like, when retail comes in and Coinbase hits the number one app on the app store and people are piling in looking for something with small unit bias to buy, is it still viable, is my question.
Speaker A: I think so. I'm just looking at, like, just market caps right now. Doge currently sitting around 17 billion. Just to kind of give you some perspective on Dogwift hat at 1 billion. I don't know. It's. I don't know if Dogwood hat becomes, like the next. Again, just looking at Shib. $7.6 billion market cap bonk. One and a half billion dollars.
Speaker B: Pepe, I thought about that one yeah.
Speaker A: Pepe is sitting at 1.3 billion, retesting its all time high currently right now as well. I think that's a lot of meme coins. Those three seem to be topping out in that same range, like one to 1.5 billion. And then there seems to be another strata when it comes to Shiba, Inu and Doge. You could argue that some of these may graduate into that top 20. And maybe it is Dob. Maybe it is. Maybe there is still legs on the dog with, with chapeau, you know what I mean? So it could, it could be the one.
Speaker B: So are you. I guess my question is, and there's a reason I'm asking this, is it dumb to think that doge will do what doge normally does?
Speaker A: I think so. I don't think it's dumb to think that. No. I think Doge is still the clear leader of meme coins, just in the size of market cap.
Speaker B: Because I have a bag now.
Speaker A: I think that's a very.
Speaker B: I would rather, right after Tuesday I got it back.
Speaker A: I would say right now, I would be much more comfortable with a bag of doge than, say, like a bag of bonk or.
Speaker B: Well, I just think it's a higher probability trade at the current spot. Right.
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. March 1, 2024. I think that's a better purchase right now. Even then, I hesitate to say with, because with, you know, we've seen these things go nuclear in the past. Right. With. Has that kind of potential where it wouldn't shock me if it became like a $10 billion market cap, you know what I mean? Like, if by the end of March or something like that, like, am I going to bet on it? Probably not. But if you told me at the end of March we were somewhere between 5 billion and $10 billion market cap on Wif, I wouldn't be shocked about it.
Speaker B: No, but like. Yeah, correct. But what's the higher probability trade from this current point? I think it's doge.
Speaker A: I agree.
Speaker B: You've already run it up to a billy and from zero, you know what I mean?
Speaker A: You have to think it's going to take a breath at some point, you know?
Speaker B: Well, plus there's just a, a tiny bit more friction there from, I mean, Robin, the Robin Hood stuff is potentially electric, right?
Speaker A: Absolutely. Yeah.
Speaker B: Because that, that exposes it to lots of folks.
Speaker A: Wait for the, wait for the text from your elderly relatives asking if we wear hats.
Speaker B: Do I keep my hat on?
Speaker A: Does the hat stay on?
Speaker B: It's too late for me. I've officially decided that I am missing the hat train. What about you? Are you. Did you buy any? Just to get in on the meme? Do you hold any?
Speaker A: No, I did. I did hold some.
Speaker B: I'm the only one on earth, I think, that lost money on it.
Speaker A: I definitely made money on it. But we're not talking about the right amount of money. Right? Yeah, no, it's. I'm trying to see where it's listed currently, so. Currently listed? Yeah. Like it. It's not even on binance.
Speaker B: That's what I mean. It's. No, it's not really anywhere. Like this was the big first, like, listing for it, so the big.
Speaker A: So just based off of Coingecko here, 32% of the volumes coming from gate IO. Twelve and a half percent is coming from Kucoin, 14 and a half from radium. So just, you know, Dexs, you know, and then some. It's listed on. Or it's actually. I thought it was ten exchanges, but it's significantly more than that. But that's the bulk of the volume. Yeah. Orca, 7% of the trading volume. So there's a place called backpack exchange that's currently doing 3.3% of the backpack hat.
Speaker B: You got your whole wardrobe. Get some unit uniswap socks and you're ready to. You're ready rock.
Speaker A: So. Yeah, so, like, really? No, I mean, I don't know what that. I don't know what that means. We've seen it in the past where coins get listed on big exchanges and immediately dump. Robin Hood is completely different, though. Like, that's a different thing total. So I don't know. We'll see. We'll see. And then how soon do we see listings for Coinbase, for finance and stuff like that? So that's. That's what I'm interested in.
Speaker B: Yeah. Pepe, you got any of that?
Speaker A: No, no, no, Pepe, I faded it. I faded the first. The first big run. Was that the May. Was that the first?
Speaker B: That was the turbo.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: I faded it then, and I'm fading it again now. But what happens is the nice thing, you know, if we're going to take some solace here, is when stuff like Pepe and Whiff do what they're currently doing. There is a wake.
Speaker B: Yes. It's called rotation.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And then the people who missed out go, well, I can't buy that, so I'll buy this. That's why I think Doge is still a decent trade.
Speaker A: I agree.
Speaker B: I think doge, like, could easily go to all time high on this cycle.
Speaker A: No, 100%.
Speaker B: You don't need it to. And that's kind of my point. Right. It's like, from here, all time highs of four or five x. It's a. I would say a high probability trade at the current moment. Right.
Speaker A: And you bet all that Super bowl money on Doge?
Speaker B: I did, I did. I bought a. I bought a $5,000 bag of doge. Perfect.
Speaker A: That's. Honestly, that's great.
Speaker B: I mean, you point, hopefully, it'll be worth 50.
Speaker A: Ideally, yeah, that. That's what we're going for.
Speaker B: I mean, or if we get in this, you know, really super cycle, and it goes to $4.20, you know, as Doge would. That's a course. That's a 50 x, you know, that's nice.
Speaker A: What if I could get. What if I could introduce you to a meme coin that's currently sitting at about a $30,000 market cap? You could get it on the ground floor.
Speaker B: Well, I was gonna say before you. Before you shill make it all back in one trade, I think the reason you feel like you're probably not making money and other people are, is because you didn't get in on these when they were the high probability trades. And now you're looking at them, you're like, I just can't. You know what I mean? But there's. There's so. I mean, we are just so at the beginning of this that, like, don't even think about it. If you've missed it, like, there's gonna be a million other things. Like, there's hundreds and thousands of opportunities out here now, every other day, and, like, you're just getting started. So, like, if you're just waking up now, like, me, right, like, you just kind of get. Pushing the chips, putting the chips back on the table. I'm not worried at all. Like, not worried at all.
Speaker A: The fun thing we have to remember, too, and we've been around long enough that we've seen this a couple of times, even between you and I, where I'm feeling it today, right? Where it's just like, shit. Like, I feel like I should be in stuff that I'm not, you know? We'll talk about it probably later today. A little later today. But, like, with the blast layer two, I feel like it's taking a little bit of a backseat with everything pumping right now. But, like, yesterday, like, everybody was talking blast and bridging l two s and, you know, so on, and I'm like, oh, am I missing?
Speaker B: Blast is a perfect example of this concept that I'm talking about right now. And I did it myself. So, like, I wasn't, you know, ready personally to, like, pay attention yet when all of this blast day one lockup stuff happened, right? So, and, like, so much so that I waited and literally until, like, Monday to bridge any ETH over there. And I bridged an ETH over there because I'm like, all right, well, I don't want to totally miss out. Right? Like, I don't want to totally miss out. And turns out it was kind of like, you know what? I think it was overhyped a little bit from what actually ended up happening. And, you know, Pac man introduced new Ponzi nomics that people were, had mixed reviews on. And to be honest, now, instead of feeling like I was going to miss out, I kind of regret that I did it at all because now I'm in a spot where I'm like, okay, do I just, like, bridge my EtH back or do I wait and play this game in May or whatever? And point being, you're going to miss 90% of the shit that happens in this bull run. You're going to, it's going to happen. And, like, whatever's on your timeline, you're probably too late to, and you got to be okay missing that because there's endless opportunities here. I mean, we've talked about this so many times on this show. Whichever version of the fucking show it is. Wrecked podcast, mint condition, the third cycle, mid mic crisis. I think we just rebrand once a cycle. Is that how this works?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So, I mean, Cycle Bros is the.
Speaker A: Next podcast name, by the way.
Speaker B: Think about this. When you and I first started doing this, when we first started doing this show, and it was wrecked podcast, and we would pull up coin market cap all the time and talk about, make predictions on what we thought, market cap dominance, how many cryptos there would be by the end of the year. Do you remember in like 2017 where we were like, oh man, there's 600 cryptocurrencies. What's it going to top out at 1000 next year? Oh my God, what's going to happen when there's 1500 cryptocurrencies? Guess how many cryptos coinmarketcap is reporting right this second? I don't know, 5002.2 million.
Speaker A: And mine's not even on there yet.
Speaker B: But like, that's what I'm talking about. You're gonna miss 99% of what happens in the space. And like, you know, the timeline, your time, your Twitter timeline is this little tiny bubble too. And it's probably a mix of like, you know, it's probably an amalgamation of all the things you've been involved in since you've been in the space, right? It's like you've got nFT people you follow, you've got crypto, hardcore crypto. You know, high frequency traders. You're following. You've got these long swing traders, you've got thought leaders, you've got bitcoin maxis, you've got eth maxis, you've got soul degens all in your timeline. And they, I'm telling you right now, are super focused on their fucking thing. And you as, and I'm speaking for like the royal you, not you chamber, like you, including me, including anybody out there scrolling their timeline. It's like if you're not focused, you're gonna feel like you're missing everything. Like you're gonna feel late, you're gonna feel like you're missing everything. And so my advice, and this is what I'm going to try to implement myself because I'm already falling into the same thing, is specialized in something. There's 2.2 million cryptos, there's 717 exchanges. There is a $2.33 trillion market cap, $110 billion of 24 hours volume. You can find a spot. Do you know what I'm saying?
Speaker A: Absolutely.
Speaker B: And so for me, I have firmly decided that my calling on this cycle, it fits exactly what I'm doing in my real life. Outside of this is the intersection of AI and crypto. I think it's going to be a massive thing. That is where I'm going to spend all of my time this cycle, outside of bitcoin and eth.
Speaker A: I think that's the move.
Speaker B: What do you think about that?
Speaker A: I thought you were going to say I'm going to be a dogecoin maxi.
Speaker B: Well, but I bought, like, you know, I bought a couple of those. I'm going to buy some of those things too, right? But like, I'm not going to, I'm not going to feel like, and I'm buying doge now because I've been here a couple of times and I feel like, you know, it is a high probability trade that's going to get rotated into at some point. If I was just scrolling my timeline and saw doge or dog with hat or whatever, I probably feel like I'm missing something. You know what I mean? I feel like you're early with a doge and even at you're early because you're experienced, right and, like, the reason you feel late is because you don't have specialization or experience and you're looking elsewhere for Alpha instead of creating it yourself.
Speaker A: No, that's exactly right. I think the other thing, too, just as, like, advice, is when you're feeling like you're, you know, you're, you're, you've missed out. You know, like we were talking about with the. Was. It was a blast. Yeah. So, I mean, that was like, I felt FOMO yesterday and then today I felt like you. I'm like, oh, it's like, don't, don't even worry about it. It. The narrative can change so quickly. As far as, you know, what's, what's, what's the topic de jour and what's, you know, what's. Where the volume is can change so fast. Like, when I, and I've been telling myself that a lot more in the last few weeks, if not few months, is like, when you, when I am feeling that way, it's just like, oh, just give it, give it two days, and if you're still feeling the same way, then, you know, you can do something about it. But I find after two days, it's like, oh, no, no, no. That, that was a good decision not to chase because, a, it's, there's focus being put somewhere else now, and, you know, it's, it's not as important.
Speaker B: And to your point, I think the important thing is in order to not feel that way, you have to find spots where you feel like you're early. Right. Yeah.
Speaker A: Well, I was gonna say to your point, when you see things like doge, that less people are talking about when compared to dogwith had and Pepe, but are in a position with upside, like you've demonstrated, that's you got to be smart like you're doing. Go where the biggest potential is, accumulating all the knowledge you have into making that decision. I think that's a smarter thing than necessarily caveat.
Speaker B: I would caveat that with even saying, like, it's not even necessarily the biggest potential. Right. Like, I think it's pretty clear where the cap is on something like doge. Right? But highest probability. Meaning? Meaning when I dump, you know, an Ethan, to a token, I can feel like I have a higher probability of leaving with more than worrying about how much less I have to. Like, I'm going to leave with, you know what I'm saying? The downside risk, the risk reward, the, like. Even if the upside of doge is only all time high, that's a plenty from here, like, but so, like, it's all about getting early positions in things that have strong thesis that, like, that's what this, like, coin game is. It's not much different than nfTs. It just takes. Takes a little more, I think, discipline, potentially, than nfts, at least emotional discipline.
Speaker A: Out of curiosity, when you're trading dogecoin, are you trading, like, what vehicle did you use to get to your doge bag? How are you? Like, obviously you were taking some money out of your sports betting.
Speaker B: Yeah. So for this particular one, I actually bought doge on Coinbase because of that. I had gotcha cash. I had cash waiting in Coinbase, but typically, I probably would not do that.
Speaker A: And when you trade out of it, are you going to trade back into cash or back into an ethereum or a bitcoin?
Speaker B: So I have recently been reinvigorated on my thesis for both ETH and bitcoin as, like, the things I want to pass down to my children do tip. I do generally feel like what we're doing here, the end goal is accumulate as much bitcoin, as much eth as you possibly can, and hold on to it for dear life. I do believe we are trying to accumulate generational wealth, and that doesn't mean in 18 months, it means in 18 years. It means in 50 years. So to me, I have kind of been re pilled on. Re red pilled on, like, the off ramp is crypto, not the other way around.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: I like that because that's how I tried. I want to make more of x. I want to make more bitcoin.
Speaker B: To me, this is. It's all about bitcoin and eth this time. Right? And it's like. And it's like. I mean, to some extent, even maybe soul. I don't know.
Speaker A: Yeah, I don't disagree. I think maybe even some soul.
Speaker B: Yeah. You know, and the more and more I see Michael Saylor eclipse on my timeline, I'm, like, deeper in the cult of Michael sailor Jesus.
Speaker A: I love it. I love it.
Speaker B: I was.
Speaker A: I tagged him in the clip from last show, and he didn't. He didn't respond.
Speaker B: So he's busy.
Speaker A: He's a busy guy.
Speaker B: He's busy taking over the world, turning water into wine, you know, things like that. But anyway, I don't know. I would venture a guest to say that you have not heard me this bullish in a very long time.
Speaker A: No, my penis moved at a point where you were talking today. I was like, oh, that's new. That's a new feeling for me. And that's how excited you were about crypto, so that's exciting. But, no, I've never heard you.
Speaker B: This feels very obvious to me at this point. The thing. I don't know. I was talking to my wife the other day, and I'm like, I'm starting to feel dumb a little bit in terms of why did I like this stuff to begin with in 2017? And all the things that I thought in 2017 are becoming true. And if I'm. I will be damned if at the end of, you know, ten years from now, when all these thesis is, theses we've had are real and I'm underexposed, I would rather have zero than be wrong about that then. Then be right about it and not have any exposure. Does that make sense?
Speaker A: Oh, totally. I agree 100%. Is there a number that you have in your head where if you achieve that value, you will feel like you've done it?
Speaker B: I wrote a number on my wall yesterday.
Speaker A: Oh, on the wall?
Speaker B: On a. Well, on a whiteboard. On the wall.
Speaker A: Okay. All right.
Speaker B: I wrote a number. I wrote a number on the whiteboard on wall that I. That is what I am aspiring to end with at the end of this bull run.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker B: Yes. Now, that does not mean that when I hit that number, it's getting cashed out. In fact, I think quite the opposite.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: When I hit that number, it's going to go all into probably bitcoin and Ethan go in a storage unit somewhere, you know?
Speaker A: Yeah. And when I say. When I say made it. And that's kind of what I mean. It's just like, you've won the game you set out to play back in 2017.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: You know what I mean?
Speaker B: And I don't think my. I don't think my number is actually that big. I think it's actually probably pretty small compared to, like, most of the people you see as influencers on the timeline.
Speaker A: Really?
Speaker B: Yeah. I don't need much.
Speaker A: Is it because I feel, like, original number that he wanted.
Speaker B: I don't remember what it was. His original number.
Speaker A: I feel it was like, $670,000.
Speaker B: Okay. It's a little. It's higher than that, but it's higher than that because I think, you know, I think a bit.
Speaker A: Inflation. Inflation.
Speaker B: I think a bitcoin will get you to 600k in a couple years. You know, I disagree. So it's. It's slightly higher than that. However, my thought is like, look, you get anywhere near that number in the next 18 months, and you're kind of set in terms of. Because if the thesis on bitcoin is right, like, it's going to just keep. Even when it levels off, it's going to level off, or even when it dips, it's going to be at numbers that are mind blowing to people. You know what I mean? I think, like, the opportunity to own a full bitcoin for the normal person, this is probably your last chance. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: 100%. Yeah. No, for a normal person, yes, absolutely. And it really. It's really disheartening when you start looking back. Like, I was looking at some tweets the other day when we were talking about Satoshi and just some tweets from, like, 2012.
Speaker B: What's the most amount of bitcoin you've ever had?
Speaker A: Um, it's pretty. It stayed pretty consistent.
Speaker B: I would say mine has not. To the downside.
Speaker A: No, it's. It's been about, give or take, about the same. Like, I have, you know, a few bitcoin. And it's always been for you.
Speaker B: You're generationally wealthy.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I mean, anyway, go back to your tweets. I just traded you. Whatever you were saying was. Made me think of that.
Speaker A: It's disheartening when you see, like, the. Some of the numbers, when you see, like, oh, bitcoin was $400 in, like.
Speaker B: Yeah, dude, when I bought my first bitcoin, I'm coming up on my six year anniversary, which will be six years, maybe. Shit. Seven years. Oh, my God. What a fucking pathetic loser I am. No, it's not that.
Speaker A: I'm in the super cycle that I've.
Speaker B: Been here for seven years, and I have only accumulated. Did what I have. What a loser. Yeah, I'm coming up on my 7th year. It'll be the end of May. I think it's like, May 20 or something, or May 6 even. I don't know. It's in the pinned tweet I have, so I can tell you in literally 30 seconds. But my entry price was 16. $1,700.
Speaker A: For real? Yeah, my. I think the cheapest I ever bought bitcoin. Oh, no, I bought it cheaper. The cheapest I bought bitcoin was probably, like 4500, but that was on after that was, like, in 2018. My 1st.
Speaker B: 5620 or. Sorry, 56. 20. 17 was my first bitcoin purchase. I bought almost a whole bitcoin at the time. That was a lot of money for me to just be thrown around.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I had. The price of bitcoin was 1590, $3.91. The price of Ethereum that same day because I bought all three on the same day. So I actually bought a whole.
Speaker A: Was the third one litecoins put it.
Speaker B: Yeah, that was all that was on coinbase at the time. Litecoin and Ethereum. The transaction or the spot price of my ethereum that day was $256.74 and litecoin was $43.68. What is litecoin now?
Speaker A: I don't even know. I think it maxed out at about 400. And then Satoshi light dumped on all of his. That was a, that was a treacherous dumping. Litecoin is currently.
Speaker B: We lose you, or is it me?
Speaker A: Oh, it might be you. Can you hear me, pain?
Speaker C: Yes, sir.
Speaker A: All right, pain. Can hear me, bunch.
Speaker C: Can you hear him? I think he's gone.
Speaker A: I think he's gone. Litecoin currently sitting at $84.46. It has done very little over the past seven years besides go down and then just kind of stabilize around here. But, yeah, pain, do you have a number?
Speaker C: I have a number, yes.
Speaker A: Yes, I do. Everybody should have their number. Everybody should. And is there a, is there a vehicle you want to achieve that number with? Like, is it a bit, like, is it bitcoin? Do you want to do it through Ethereum, through soul? And when I say those things, I mean, like, you can play around in those ecosystems, like trading sol meme coins to get more soul, trading whatever on Ethereum to get more ethereum, or trading whatever to get more bitcoin. Is there, is there a particular style you like more?
Speaker C: I think originally it was eth. I've. I've started to play a lot more in layer twos. I've started to do a lot more chart charting. Kind of novice, but I've been doing pretty well recently.
Speaker A: My tip for charting is to put as many yellow lines as you can.
Speaker B: And purple ones.
Speaker A: And purple ones. That's right. And purple ones.
Speaker C: I don't think I have enough lines then.
Speaker A: Oh, God.
Speaker B: You haven't seen a chamber. Holy cow. We used to do this show on video. Oh, Boyden, it was, it hurt.
Speaker A: It blinded you. Yeah, with the highlight.
Speaker B: I was colorblind already, but this would have really got me.
Speaker A: Oh, Des is here. Des is here.
Speaker B: Des is here. Hold on. Before we go to Des, I just want to make a comment on the number conversation, um, because I think it could be taken out of context in terms of like, oh, listen to these fucking guys. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: We don't have that number for the.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, number one. Yes. That is why there is a number is because we don't have it. I think that you should have one because it is at the very basic, basic, basic level, a plan. Right, exactly. And it's the thing that I have found to be most detrimental to me being here the last seven years is like, because there's always something happening, because there's always chaos, because there's always fomo. You. You're. If you don't have a plan, you're toast. And I think I have spent two cycles. The first time was learning, right? Like, the first time was, what the hell am I even doing? The second time was just smash and grab, right? Like rotate as many times as you can and try to get into as much stuff. And then what happens is you over trade and overdo it and you don't know when. When the music stops and it's too late by that time. This time, I feel like I'm at least in a spot where I know enough about myself to. To have a proper plan. Now, does that mean I can execute that? That's a whole different story that I don't know if I have the emotion intelligence.
Speaker A: Hit that subscribe button to find out.
Speaker B: Yeah. Follow me for more tips. But anyway, I just want to make that comment about the number because it sometimes sounds douchey and pompey.
Speaker A: I was referencing Breaking Bad earlier, a, because I just finished watching Breaking Bad again, but b and b, because it is a good idea. When Walter is faced with the inevitability of death, he needs to make a plan for his family. And, you know, speaking for a lot of our listeners, just based on some of the statistics I listen to, we are all, a lot of us are in a certain position in life, age in life, where we do need to plan for the future. And that's where my number comes from. It's like, what's the number I need to provide a life for my family that is a, going to give them all of the advantages that I can provide them.
Speaker B: And it's also just a good measurement on, like, is this a decision I should make, yes or no? Does this decision help me get to what I thought my goal was? Like? It sounds so stupid. People say, write down your goals. And it's like, I can tell you right now I've not been a proponent. Like, I've just not done that. And it's been a detriment to me. So I've decided this time, I'm sure.
Speaker A: Even worse, tell somebody your goals. Goals that will fuck.
Speaker B: All right, well, I'm going to text you my goal.
Speaker A: I told my financial advisor my goal, and it was embarrassing.
Speaker B: And he's like, he's like, how many dogs with hats?
Speaker A: Yeah, it's a lot. And that doesn't come off, but, yeah, it's.
Speaker B: I really wish I was holding, and I'm going to hold some of this. I'm actually going to buy some right now because I want to be part of the meme. The meme is good.
Speaker A: The meme is good.
Speaker B: The meme is good. I want to wear a fucking hat on my profile and I want to be able to say, the hat stays on. So I'm going to buy myself a tiny little bag because I got to be part of it. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: I'm posting at the top here we were talking about on Tuesday, but there's an update from lost the cope continues with now at 1 billion market cap dev allocation that was sold for $29,000. Currently worth $367 million.
Speaker B: And with that, we'll welcome in Des Dez, uh, how does it feel to be the dog with hat dev that sold his steak for 29K?
Speaker D: It's pretty good. I mean, obviously, I've had a hat on this dog for quite a while, so it's, it's pretty good.
Speaker B: A goat with hat coming soon.
Speaker A: Hey, not every, not everybody can buy a brand new Kia sonata in cash. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker B: Welcome. I missed you. How are you?
Speaker D: Thank you. I miss you guys, too. I'm glad you guys are doing well. I'm glad the pod has definitely. I'm just kind of bitter. I just needed to wait out the bear for it to restructure in the back to a. An actual functioning pod, and it's aligned.
Speaker B: And it's, look, you just need something bunch of prime.
Speaker D: You got bunch you prime over here. Just spouting off confidence and it's, it's good. It's good to see. I'm glad to be even on the sidelines to just watch it. So it's, it's, it's good. But, uh, no, you kind of answered my question. I had, which is like, as two veterans of this space, which I can't even consider myself to be, you know, I was just curious, kind of like what behavior you're. Just because you haven't gotten to your final goal in these last seven years, what is the kind of behavioral change that you're seeing now and that you're kind of, you know, promising to do that's going to be different than the previous seven years? And you guys kind of answered it.
Speaker B: Such a good question, though, because everybody should ask themselves this. If you were around in 2021 and we talked a little bit about the cred tweet on Tuesday of, your strategies vary from very aggressive, you'll hit a huge all time high, but you won't keep as much versus somewhere conservative where you're keeping more but maybe make less. If you feel either of those things from 2021 and you're now like, oh, shit, I'm going to miss the train now. Because I'll tell you right now, that's what it feels like because it all happens really, really, really fast. Even though. And like, 18 months, if we get 18 months of bull run, if we get twelve months of bull run, it's going to go by in a blink, and you're going to be sitting here in the same spot because I've done it twice now, and you'd be like, holy shit, I fumbled the bag. You know what I mean? And so, like, you got to have the tough conversation with yourself. And for me, that's been hard in terms of like, oh, yeah, I, there's a lot of things I could do better. And I spent the last six months, um, really diving into, like, the sports betting stuff. And I'll tell you, it changed the way I approach this entire market as well. Uh, the number one thing for me, Des, outside of, like, setting the goal, is, I guess, two things. Specializing, which I talked about earlier. So I'm going to focus only in this niche outside of, you know, some fun meme stuff. And Djen plays, which means I'm not going to go fomo. I'm not going to go have regret on something I see on the timeline. I think that's important. And then secondly is bet sizing and, and position sizing and trading. But bet sizing, they're the same thing we're betting here. We're gambling here. And the thing that I've always said about myself on this show is that I'm a bad trader. And why am I a bad trader? Is the next question. And it's because I am bad with the emotional side of it. And then, okay, let's ask the next question. Well, why am I bad with the emotional side of it? It's because I'm betting too big. And the, like, the dog with hat is a perfect example. I oversized on something I wasn't confident in or didn't know about. And as soon as it went the other way on me, I was like, shit, I need to preserve this capital. And so I panicked, sold it. And then it rocketed to a billion. Instead, I. I should treat my entire bankroll as a hundred unit bankroll. And anything I play should be one, depending on my confidence level in the play. And. And that has taken me out of. When I do this with betting. It's taken me out of any single trade, being too much or more than I can handle or more emotionally than I have. Those are the things for me. Chamber. What about you?
Speaker A: I feel really. On the last go, I felt really good about my decisions. Where I have. Where I need to fix my issues are after I've made with your dad? Yeah.
Speaker B: Fuck.
Speaker A: Unfixable. Okay? Unfixable issues. No, we're my. I'm in a bad spot now. When I make a money, and when I make money, when I make a good amount of money, I need to talk to myself before continuing trading. I need to talk myself down, because then I get excited once I've made a big. Even, like, two, three big plays in a row. And then I start doing what you're saying, like, oversizing my bets. Then I start putting. I start. I start putting more aggressive bets on less thought out moves.
Speaker B: This is why the number is important.
Speaker A: Mm hmm. This is what the number is. Important.
Speaker B: So, like, filling up the charity. Like, you know when you're donating a charity and you've got, like, this big wall or, like, the graphic on the wall, and it starts to fill and fill and fill and fill. You don't want any of that to come out. Like, you. After every trade, it's on the way to that goal, and don't fuck it up. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: I got. I gotta really focus on, uh, not the priest, the. You know, the pre work. It's the post work. You know what I mean? The. After I've made money.
Speaker B: Totally.
Speaker A: All right. That. That's. That's where I need to tighten it up, uh, and get less excited. Um, but it.
Speaker B: And I think that also, though, goes to, like, when you feel that when you. When you find yourself doing those things after. Right. It's partially also because this is natural and it's actually optimal. Right. As your bankroll increases, you increase your bet size. But if you don't have any structure to your sizing and you are just kind of doing it by vibes, that's when you hurt yourself, because every play becomes more at stake. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker A: Yeah, definitely. So, yeah. So, for me, I would say it's. It's the. The post trading after some wins. You know what I mean? But keeping more of what I make and not giving it back to the market is.
Speaker B: Des, what's your answer?
Speaker D: For my behavior?
Speaker B: Yeah. For yourself? Or are you just like, man, I fucking nailed it last time.
Speaker A: I do think Des nailed it.
Speaker B: Oh, he 100% did. He did better than both of us, and by an order of magnitude. Uh, that doesn't mean he doesn't have, um, probably some regrets on things he did. Could do differently, des.
Speaker D: Oh, yeah. Nothing like 35 bored apes to give you regret. Yeah, for sure.
Speaker B: No regrets at all. Shit, I forgot about that.
Speaker D: Um, no, but I mean, you know, I think. I don't know. I feel like I've had a pretty level head throughout this entire thing. I think that's my biggest gift, is, like, taking the rewards. And I, you know, you guys talked about your importance of your wives on. On Tuesday. It's just like, dude, if I didn't have a wife, I think I would have just degenerate. Like, to zero, to living on the streets. I.
Speaker B: Even with my wife, I'm very close.
Speaker A: My wife found me on the streets.
Speaker B: Of.
Speaker A: You'Re coming home with me now.
Speaker B: I can fix you.
Speaker D: I think. I don't know. I think that's just been a good thing to have throughout the entire time. But, no, I mean, you know, not too many regrets. You know, I think a number. Having a number is healthy. I am a little confused with your number because you have a number, which is fantastic. Step one. But to hear you'd say you wouldn't take anything away once you get to that number is a little scary, because then that number really isn't a number.
Speaker B: I would say that I am viewing the. I will take some to cash, but I will probably leave 90% to that number is your.
Speaker D: And validation. And once you hit that validation, then you're like, okay, I'm going to take a little bit, and I can deal with the regret. If that rest of that sum were.
Speaker B: To just, well, I think, like, so, like, if I end up in this cycle with this number worth of bitcoin and ethereum, yeah. My long term thesis is I will be set for life over, you know, a 1020 year period. It doesn't matter if it dips 90% again next year, I am holding x amount of bitcoin, x amount of ethereum, and over the next ten years, for sure, that number becomes five x what it started as. Right. Rather than I'm going to take it all out to fiat and spend it.
Speaker A: And to add des, when I say my number, my number is the money that I take out and put into traditional finance. That doesn't mean I don't have crypto anymore. And when I was talking on Tuesday, those numbers, those were numbers that I physically removed from the crypto ecosystem realized correct and are in.
Speaker D: So the fifth million that you did have is still in the crypto. I see that Washington, that was the confusion that I knew came at us.
Speaker B: In the chat like you pours.
Speaker D: Yeah, I definitely did not. I was more complimenting chambers aura around him to which for the last three years, I have definitely thought he has had more than, and this is a serious answer, more than $10 million in crypto.
Speaker A: I don't have more than $10 million in crypto. For the record, it's not just that.
Speaker B: Much of a dj. You're like, yeah, talk about bet sizing. Holy moly. Anyway, all right, I've got two things up top I want to bring up. You pinned the Steve Post, which is pretty awesome. Steve's post up top, working in public relations and communications for 15 years prior to web three, I can confidently say Forbes is an absolute best in class outlethe totally surreal to be in Forbes web three inner circle as they embark on the next phase of the Internet. So congratulations, Steve Forbes. Big deal. Inner circle, Steve. NFT bark Kaczynski author, storyteller, community builder and all around great guy. Huge Adams apple. Great guy. Congratulations.
Speaker A: New York calls him the big Apple.
Speaker B: That's funny. Funny, funny, funny.
Speaker A: That is. I actually didn't even see this. This is terrific. Congrats.
Speaker B: Congrats. Yeah, he's down there. He's rocking the doodle.
Speaker A: Oh, that's what it is. Yeah, he's got a doodle out.
Speaker B: Yeah, he's got his doodle out and hanging.
Speaker A: I love it. Congratulations, Steve. That's absolutely fantastic. I'm very proud of you.
Speaker B: Super cool. I would rather be on whatever list this is than any of the 30 unders, 40 unders, 20 under. You know what I'm talking about?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. I don't plan. I just, I just violently search through Google to see if we've made any podcast lists.
Speaker B: Maybe we will. Maybe this is our cycle, you know?
Speaker A: Yeah, we did. I'll tell you what, we do great.
Speaker B: Content when there's stuff to talk about. Let's put it down.
Speaker A: We make lists. Yes, 100%. So I believe rec definitely made lists of mint condition made. We ranked highest on so many lists. Yeah. So mid my crisis is the next one. I want to see if mid my crisis makes any list. So that's going to be the that's going to be the barometer for this cycle.
Speaker B: Okay, lastly, talking about tips and tricks for the bull run, did you see this tweet from me last night about what happened to me yesterday?
Speaker A: 1 second, I'm trying to float. No, go ahead.
Speaker B: My self owned of self custody I.
Speaker A: Saw, but it was very long.
Speaker D: That was a rollercoaster of a tweet thread.
Speaker B: I hope I made you feel what I felt you did, honestly. So, okay, here's what happened to me chamber. So I was like I said, I've kind of got my capital back in. So I had some sitting on Coinbase as I was on ramping some stuff. And so I'm like, okay, well, I'm going to take this and put it on my ledger. And I wanted off of Coinbase. So I go to find my ledger and it's, or, sorry. I actually opened up ledger live and ledger live, showing me an $8,000 balance in USDA DC. And I was like, oh my God, I didn't even know I had this. And so I'm like, I need to go find that ledger. And I am tearing my office apart. I look like I literally opened the box where the ledger supposed to be and there's no ledger in there, which was like the first of like panic attack I had. I'm like, okay, here's the box. This is great. Open the box, no ledger. So now I'm like, oh, crap. All right. So I flip over my whole office. I'm like, it's not, it's really not like me to like, lose the device. I keep it in the same spot all the time. I have no fucking idea where this thing is. I did, you know, switch offices. Like, I built, you know, my home office or whatever. And so I'm like, I don't know, I guess I lost this thing. And I said, have no fear, I am a responsible dj that actually has a spare, brand new in the box ledgere that I can just, that I can just transfer the seed phrase to. So found my seed phrase, like a responsible person, have it written down. And I go to, you know, plug in this new ledger. I'm going to import the seed phrase. Try it once, invalid seed phrase. I tried it again, invalid seed phrase. A third time.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: A fourth time, no. And now I'm freaking out. And like, $8,000 is not the end of the world, but it is not a small amount.
Speaker A: It's not the beginning of the world.
Speaker B: It'S not a small amount of money. I mean, you know, like, it's enough to be panicking now that I can't access it, right. And so, like, again, flip over my whole office. No idea, cannot find the device. And I just kept trying to tell myself, I'm like, I didn't know this money existed an hour ago. I can't be that upset. I can't be that upset. I didn't know this money existed an hour.
Speaker A: That's a good point.
Speaker B: But now I'm on a mission, and I'm like, okay, I'm going to keep trying to see phrase. And lucky for me, and this is the, I guess, tip of the episode here on this story, is I wrote the seed phrase down three times, and so I had three different copies of the seed phrase. And so I was able to compare my own handwriting three different times to, like, triple check that each word was what it should be and word 21 or whatever the hell, all the way down the list. And I realize that a U, what I thought was a u, should have been an a. And.
Speaker A: And that made a new word.
Speaker B: It made a different word. Yes. And that was the word I was missing, or that was the word that was incorrect and made it invalid. So I was able to, at the end of the day, access these funds. Funds are safu. But it was quite the roller coaster. So, moral of the story is, right, legibly, number one and two, write it down multiple times so that you can compare if you do not write it legibly. So that's like the first real scare of, like, self custody I've had, I think. I mean, there's probably some hot laws that I've just forgotten about that I don't. That don't exist anymore that were on old computers or something. But, like, this. This was the one that was like, oh, this is totally my fucking fault. And I have no idea where I went wrong here. And it was like, really?
Speaker A: I'm impressed that you solved the issue, though. That. That is impressive.
Speaker B: I thought I was toast. I really did. I thought I was toasted. And I'll send you a picture of the two different words. You tell me if you would have even thought that, you know, I mean.
Speaker A: I would have done the same thing. Like, I would have gone, you know, had I had three versions of it gone. Yeah. Letter for letter, word for word. Let's call. Let's figure this out.
Speaker B: That's what I had to do. And it worked. It worked. Thank God. But I hope to never be in that position again.
Speaker A: Again.
Speaker B: So it's kind of like, my biggest fear now of, like, now that we're getting to, like, really meaningful prices. And because that's why.
Speaker A: That's why I don't count the crypto as the make it money. I only count the money I take out because I know at any point I could lose all of this. So I don't even count it, I guess.
Speaker B: But the make it money is going to be like, the crypto is going to be worth more than the make it money.
Speaker A: I agree. I agree.
Speaker B: I.
Speaker A: But I'll feel good even if I take out 10% and you know what I'm saying. But that 10% gets to a number that I want, I'll know that 90% will be in crypto, and I will be very happy.
Speaker B: Fair enough. That makes sense. All right, another good show. I think when we get on these types of shows, we're at least informative from an experience, our own personal experience level. What do you think about that?
Speaker A: I agree. Easily worthy of a top ten podcast list.
Speaker B: I would say mark it down, market down. That is going to do it for us. We will be back on Tuesday. Tuesday. I like Tuesday. Friday.
Speaker A: Tuesday. Friday is nice. I'm not. I'm not opposed to it. This is. All right.
Speaker B: There you go. Congratulations again, Steve. Appreciate everybody for hanging out. Have a wonderful weekend, and until next time, keep the mic hop.
