Speaker A: Welcome to the mid mic crisis, where growing up means goofing off. And that goes for you too, Chamber, who have sufficiently goofed off in the show notes today. I will tell you right now, like, there's not a chance. I'm doing this every Monday, Wednesday and Friday in terms of loading this entire sheet. It's too much work. This is the. This is the reason we went away from structured nonsense in the first place.
Speaker B: Listen, I think we can do it. I think you can do every single. I have confidence that you can.
Speaker A: Oh, I will tell you what I'll do. Sorry. Can I do it? Possibly? Will I?
Speaker B: I believe in you.
Speaker A: Will I do it? The answer is definitively no. Is that all right?
Speaker B: That's fair.
Speaker A: I will do point. Hired a v squared out in the wild that lasted for a nice chunk of time. That was probably, that was probably the best version of this show. However, then we kind of decided to just go off script and didn't even use those show notes when we had them. So here we are. I know, I mean, pain is definitely the best producer we've ever had, but I don't see these show notes filled, so I don't believe that's pain.
Speaker B: I think between the three of us, mostly you and pain, I think we can get it done.
Speaker A: This will be the last show that I will be spending here on the mid mic crisis, and I'm not even going to be as subtle about it as Des was.
Speaker B: Des was subtle about it.
Speaker A: We've got a request from blockchain ninja down there. Blockchain ninja, who did not attend Wednesday's show, is going to be very surprised at the new rules chamber. You ready to give this thing a shot?
Speaker B: I'm always ready. Yeah.
Speaker A: All right. Blockchain Ninja GM. And welcome to the new version of our show. Glad to have you. He's got the spinning wheel of death. I don't know if he's actually officially up here. Blockchain Ninja, do we have you?
Speaker C: Yes, indeed you do. I'm waiting for the rules before I do anything.
Speaker B: What a good. That's what I'm looking for, blockchain. I appreciate that. So, new rules are, if you're going to come up and participate in the conversation, you need to answer one trivia question in a category of your choosing. I have a bunch of trivia questions up here. The categories are arts, science, entertainment, history, general knowledge or geography.
Speaker C: Dear sweet baby Jesus, could you repeat them in German? No, no. Could you say the first two again?
Speaker B: Arts, science, entertainment, history. You all go, science. Okay, this is a good question, because I don't know the answer to this one. Approximately how much horsepower can one horse produce? Approximately how many horsepower can one horse produce? I mean, it's not one. I'll give you hints.
Speaker C: It's not one. What?
Speaker B: It's not one. I mean, that's. That's where I would go. It is more than 1 hp, surprisingly.
Speaker C: Okay, so are these amish horses or regular horses? Because they got some.
Speaker B: I'm gonna say, standard 15 hand horse.
Speaker C: 15. That's a huge. Okay. Um, now, this is up to. Right. Are we doing, like, prices, right style, where I can go up to. Without going over and still win?
Speaker B: Correct.
Speaker C: Okay. One horse can produce up to.
Speaker B: I feel like this is too much googling time.
Speaker C: No, I'm not googling. I'm running a scan with malwarebytes right now, so I'm not even on my desktop. Um, I'd say up to 15, maybe.
Speaker B: Right on the money.
Speaker C: Seriously?
Speaker B: 15. The man keeps it alive.
Speaker C: You hear that, babe? My question was, how many horsepower can one horse produce? And I said, up to 15. And she's not impressed. See? She said what I was gonna say. Just one. It's one.
Speaker B: We'Re learning today here on mid mic crisis, and I'm super impressed. I'm so. I can't believe somebody got that one right. And I'm happy it was you, blockchain. So continue.
Speaker C: Honestly, you may.
Speaker A: Thank you.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker C: I'm pretty impressed, too. I thought I was gonna go over, so I just wanted to come up and say, look, if you're gonna screw with people, I'm not calling anyone out.
Speaker A: Me too.
Speaker C: If you're gonna make it look like you're posting in scam stuff, make sure you don't actually post the scam link or a picture of it. I love you, man. That scared the crap out of me the other day. Like, I immediately went to our messages and, like, started scrolling up to try and find his phone number. Then I went to discord and, like, searched for his name and handle because I knew I had him on there. He was like, dude, are you okay? Like, are you compromised with the hell? So, yeah, just. That's my note to everyone. If you're gonna act like you're posting trainer stuff just to be comical, please don't put the actual drainer site in it.
Speaker A: This is gonna be a problem. V squared. Yeah. You feel. I feel like you need to come up here and explain yourself, uh, because this sounds. It sounds very irresponsible, and, uh, you know, so you need to make sure that you weren't hacked? Or were you just, you know, messing around in an irresponsible manner? I don't even know if you might be able to come up and defend yourself. But first, you need to answer these trivia questions. Three.
Speaker B: Yeah, just one. Just trivia questions. One.
Speaker D: Let's hear it.
Speaker B: What's your cat? So again, arts, science, entertainment, history, general knowledge or geography?
Speaker D: General knowledge for 15 chamber.
Speaker B: All right, general knowledge. This is so funny because I didn't know who this person was, I think, until today, and I'm not even sure if I'm going to pronounce their name properly. So this is a sports question. It's general knowledge, but it is a sports based question. Coco Goff made headlines at Wimbledon when she beat Venus Williams. How old was Kokokoff? I think this just happened.
Speaker A: This is tough. Even though it did just happen. I don't know if I thought you were going to 15. What sport? I love you.
Speaker C: That is awesome.
Speaker A: Wait, is that correct?
Speaker B: It's also the same answer as how many horsepower is one horse?
Speaker A: So people are now asking the question, is golf a horse?
Speaker B: Is golf equal to one horse?
Speaker A: One golf equals one horse.
Speaker B: How many cocoa power, boy?
Speaker C: You said one question, Coco.
Speaker A: How much golf power equals horsepower? Here, you heard it here first, folks. We have just cracked a new scientific discovery, V squared. Now, continue to defend yourself, please.
Speaker D: Okay, yeah. So I posted a screenshot of a bot post or a scam post the other day, trying to be funny, which obviously wasn't funny because the only interaction I got from it was blockchain ninja calling me at work about gave me a heart attack. He's like, you're compromised. And I'm like, I've been tweeting all day while I'm at work and nothing's been wrong. What are you talking about? So I went and looked and I realized. But, yes, I took a screenshot, but the link, I guess the website was on the screenshot, which. Who types in websites anyway? I don't know. So, yeah, I would say that I was okay there. If putting the screenshot and not actually retweeting isn't enough and you still take the time to type in the scam link and go to the website, then I don't know if I can help you. But I do understand where blockchain ninja is coming from, and I did take it down. That being said, we can't save everybody, right? Not to mention, if you're taking advice from me on what to mint, you're not going to make it.
Speaker B: I feel for you, V Square, because this is, I feel like this is a tweet I would make. The only difference is I would never, ever, ever take it down.
Speaker C: That's impressed. Like, the screenshot perfectly matched the background of like, the dark screen so you couldn't tell where the screenshot stopped and where, like, the background started. So it looked like he was straight up posting, like a post from a fishing link. And I was like, oh, my God, he's compromised. Sweet baby Jesus.
Speaker D: Yeah, I do.
Speaker A: V squared. You should just be, you should just be thankful you have someone like blockchain ninja in your life that cares enough to reach out when things may even show the slightest bit of evidence that you may be compromised. So I honestly, I think you should be thanking blockchain, actually, you say that.
Speaker D: And so I did take the post down and my very next post was shout out to blockchain ninja for having my back. So I agree. I do appreciate that.
Speaker A: Look at that. See blockchain here, blockchain ninja, the hero we deserve.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker A: V squared. On par with chamber in terms of comedy.
Speaker B: We should all be so lucky to have someone like blockchain ninja in our lives.
Speaker A: So I got it. I got, I do have to mention here, chamber one. I'm really digging this trivia portion of the show in which that's how people come up to the stage. We are there. We're three for three, right?
Speaker B: I feel we were, uh, we were lenient with Pat, but I feel like.
Speaker E: That one was pretty obvious. But you know what? It happens.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I don't remember what his question was.
Speaker B: I forgot to. But I remember being lenient.
Speaker A: I mean, the answer was 15. So if he was anywhere close, we, we let him have it.
Speaker B: But that's right.
Speaker E: I like bird spies recent comment. He said, I can't wait until you making me crazy comes up on stage to warn everyone of a breaking security issue. But before he came, he has to answer what was the longest recorded flight of a chicken?
Speaker B: 15Ft.
Speaker A: And then when he gets it wrong, we would have just kicked him off the stage.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And v squared would have gone and clicked the damn link and got everything compromised. That's. That would have been just peak. I think we would have retired.
Speaker B: I agree.
Speaker C: Are all the science questions going to be related to amish lore Chamber? Is that for you or.
Speaker A: No, we actually are just going to name rename the science category horse.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think so. I think so.
Speaker A: It'd be horse based trivia. And that's how the show is going to move forward because nobody, we don't plan anything around here. We do have some news. Should we get to it?
Speaker B: Yeah, let's do it.
Speaker A: The news. The news. Let's get to the news. All right, chamber. I've got a couple AI stories, a couple web, three stories, a sports story, chill news and not chill news. Let's start with the world of AI because we love alphabetical order. And then we'll go to web three because we don't like alphabetical order. First up here, this one is interesting. I don't know if you saw this, but a couple months back, somebody made a AI generated Drake song. Do you remember this?
Speaker B: I do remember this, yes.
Speaker A: So it was, it went like super Uber viral. It got millions of listens in, like 24 hours. There was a whole bunch of controversy. Spotify brought, like, took it down. Drake got pissed. And, and this is the headline here, is AI Drake song not eligible for a Grammy. The academy CEO says. So the organization behind the Grammys wants to make it clear that the AI Drake song hard on my sleeve will not qualify for an award. In a video he put out on Instagram. Says a lot. The song is not eligible for Grammy consent consideration. What do you think of this? There's a couple things here of note. I would say the, the biggest piece here is that they're saying that the vocals in this scenario were not, quote, legally obtained since, you know, somebody used Drake's likeness here. So do you agree or disagree with this? What do you think?
Speaker B: It's a good question. Because you're using, I don't know, like, you're, you're using. I'm assuming they did some sort of voice training. AI is my guess. So you're using content that's legally, you know, obtainable. Right. You can buy an album and you can train. Like, there's no, there's no legality when it comes to, like, you know, creating, like, making up a voice. Right. Like, if you, if you do an impression of Donald Trump, Donald Trump can't sue you. You know, I'm saying, yes.
Speaker A: People are telling me I could do all the impressions I want. They're telling me I could do them big, I could do them small, I could do them aig, I, whoever, right? So, hey, look at this mug shot. Look at my mug shot.
Speaker B: His mug shot goes hard, though. For real. Say what you will of Donald Trump, that's a, that's a hard bug shot. So I kind of see it as that. I see it as an impression. They're not stealing content. It's legally obtained. I also think Grammys, like, who gives a shit about awards? Just like Oscars, it doesn't really matter.
Speaker A: Not a big egot guy.
Speaker B: No. I mean, there was a time and place for it, but now it's.
Speaker A: So it's just egot they're played out of.
Speaker B: Egots are still impressive to me, I'll give you that. Egots are still impressive. But in general, Grammys, Oscars, not that big of a deal, you know, are. I think overall, whether it's download now, you're saying it's not on Spotify anymore. So, like, again, just amount of listens and kind of how the effect on culture, I think, is more important. So, you know, I don't know. I don't know who created this. It says ghost writer. I don't know. Is it an anonymous person?
Speaker A: So. Or maybe that's their, you know, name that they go by. But there are a couple interesting things here. So the Grammy CEO, Mason Junior, wants to clear up the academy stance on Ghostwriter's song. It says even though it was written by a human creator, the vocals were not legally obtained, the vocals were not cleared by the label or the artist, and the song is not commercially available. Because of that, it's ineligible. In June, the recording academy outlined its rules regarding the use of AI. At the time, Mason Junior said the academy would allow AI music and content from human creators, adding that it might even consider songs containing an AI voice or instrumental. And then he's quoted here saying, I'm sure things are going to continue to evolve and change. The academy is here to support and advocate and protect and represent human artists and human creators. Period. That period. Really just. I get the point here on terms of, like, you know, you're using somebody's likeness that is, you know, owned by the person and the label. I get it. You know, you have the counterpoint of this with somebody like Grimes, who came out and said, hey, you can register and use my likeness and voice in any AI creation as long as I get a cut of it and it's registered with me. I think you're going to see a lot more things like that in the future. From an artist's perspective, I think that's a home run. If you are a kind of on the cutting edge of this stuff. Like, that is a way to absolutely multiply your reach. And, I mean, some, you know, you're just outsourcing the probability that somebody makes a hit song with your name and likeness on it. Like, I don't see a downside there. I guess the downside is, you know, you could make a Nazi Grimes anthem or something of that nature, but I would assume that that would not pass any registered approval process or things like that. Right.
Speaker B: So just. Just to kind of give you some perspective on the Grammys, do you want to take a stab? I'll give you a little trivia. Do you want to take a stab?
Speaker A: Because I got trivia for you next.
Speaker B: Oh, really? Actually, who or what was. Who was the artist for the 2023 song of the year for the Grammys?
Speaker A: God, I could not tell you.
Speaker B: I mean, you know, one could expect Taylor Swift.
Speaker A: I would have said Taylor Swift.
Speaker B: Right. It was Bonnie Raitt. Okay. This is. This is what I'm talking about.
Speaker A: What's wrong with Bonnie Raitt? What do you got?
Speaker B: Nothing is I love. I love Bonnie Raitt. Okay. It's not a. This is not a slight against Bonnie Raitt, but one could argue Bonnie Raitt is not on the cusp of culture, of music culture in 2023. But the Grammys decided to give her the number one best song of the year, which I'm sure if we looked on Spotify, you know, to go. I know Spotify charts are very important to some of us out there. I know Anthony's a big Spotify chart guy. I would be interested to see how many downloads it got for 2023.
Speaker A: Interesting. All right, I got a couple. I got a question for you.
Speaker B: All right, go ahead.
Speaker A: How many total EGOT winners are there, and can you name any of them?
Speaker B: So I can name. Can I name you any? I feel like there's, like, seven. Is that close?
Speaker A: You'd have been closer guessing 15, but.
Speaker B: Okay. All right.
Speaker A: Both are incorrect. The answer is there. Can you hear me?
Speaker B: Oh, I think I lost.
Speaker A: Yeah, sorry. I got a. I got a call and wasn't on do not disturb the. There are 18 total. Can you name any of them?
Speaker B: Okay. I want to say, like, Liza Minnelli. Cher. No, I feel like it's women.
Speaker A: There's a solid amount of women on here.
Speaker B: Like Cher came to mind.
Speaker A: If you say share again, it is still not Cher.
Speaker B: What about.
Speaker A: Right? Yeah. No. Try one more time, though. We could. We could go get.
Speaker B: Let me try. Let me try to think of a boy. Now I can't think of any off the top.
Speaker A: All right, all right. All right. I'll give you.
Speaker B: What do you got? Give me a couple of highlights.
Speaker A: A couple that you would know. Audrey Hepburn makes sense over a 40 year span in her career. She won the final one at 63 years old in eight months. The oldest one on this list at the time they won, it was Mel Brooks. I feel like you should have had that one.
Speaker B: I wouldn't have guessed Grammy, though, over.
Speaker A: A 34 year span. He did win a Grammy in 1998.
Speaker B: Really?
Speaker A: Yes, 1990.
Speaker B: Oh, I think he did. The producers.
Speaker A: That's what I would have guessed. That's what I would have guessed. I assume that would have also possibly been the Tony. Uh, who knows? Uh, you've got Whoopi Goldberg over a six whoopi over a 16 year span. So she's getting it done in a tight span there. She won.
Speaker B: I wonder if she won Grammy for, um, sister act.
Speaker A: Probably. It doesn't say 15. Sorry. There is a 15 year winner on here. I don't know who this person is. Rita Moreno. The. Let's see. Who else would you know on here? John legend did it in twelve years and he completed his when he was 39 years old and eight months. Viola Davis. Another one that you would recognize the name. Andrew Lloyd Weber. Tim Rice. Jennifer Hudson has an Egot. Wow, good for her.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think she won. Obviously, she's a singer first and foremost. But I think she won for that movie. I forgot it was like, not showgirls. It was with like Eddie Murphy. I think Beyonce was in it too, maybe. I forget it was about like that fifties doo wop, you know, scene.
Speaker A: I have to, I have to go back. And we're giving you an asterisk on Liza Minnelli.
Speaker B: Okay, good.
Speaker A: So here's the deal. Six additional artists have received all three awards, though one of their four was bestowed for an honorary or similar non competitive distinction. So this is like an NFT project giving you an honorary to complete your EGOT. So Liza Minnelli falls in that category.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: So does James Earl Jones, Barbara Streisand, Barbra Streisand, Harry Belafonte, Quincy Jones and Frank Marshall in that category.
Speaker B: Amazing.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: No share though.
Speaker A: No, still no share. Still no share. All right. That was our good thing about that was it was only our first news story. How about that?
Speaker B: Amazing.
Speaker A: We've got 30 more minutes to get through three articles. Here we go. We're going to more AI the announcement from anthropic. Aih. Introducing Claude pro. So they are now going to a paid model for their Claude pro. Claude two LLM. Have you used Claude in relation to like.
Speaker B: No, I haven't.
Speaker A: You haven't? You wouldn't. Actually, you know what? Sad news for you, I don't think it is available in Canada yet. Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: Story. My life.
Speaker A: However, if you have used Claude or if you have used chat GBT, I.
Speaker B: Would in Canada be called clothe, though.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Just FYI.
Speaker A: Is that how it is? Am I saying it wrong?
Speaker B: No, no, I think you're right. I think in the US you call him Claude, but in, in Canada, definitely Claude would definitely be the name Claude.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: Like load.
Speaker A: Like load, but it's not spelled like that.
Speaker B: I know. We're a strange bunch.
Speaker A: Yeah, you sure are. If you have not used Claude, I would highly recommend. It is. It is better than, I think GPT four. In certain areas, I often pit them against each other when I'm trying to do some tasks. I will say it is worse at math, it is better at, like, summarization and explaining things to you. So if you haven't used Claude, I would recommend it. The price is also dollar 20 a month, so same as chat GBT. They're boasting five x more usage with a Claude pro. So if you are interested in those AI LLM streets, I would recommend taking a look at Claude. I actually like the user interface better as well, but that's it. So we've got web three news, a couple of, a couple of headlines here. Former FTX CEO, four fifth, 1.5 billion in cash as part of his guilt flee. What do you think about that?
Speaker B: I wonder what he's left with.
Speaker A: I can't imagine much.
Speaker B: Not much, right?
Speaker A: 1.5 billion. This was my thought, too. Was like, holy crap, like, how much else does he have left?
Speaker B: You would have to think sub 100 million, right?
Speaker A: No. What is it, blockchain?
Speaker B: You got some. You got some insight on this?
Speaker C: 15. No, but seriously, you figure 40 billion was taken. He used a minimum. And this is just tracking the funds that left chain and went to Alameda Research, which they were using as their private banking account.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker C: So there was at least 11.3 billion. They did that. So you got to figure he's, he's got to have at least a couple of billion laying around that he put away for a rainy day. Like the fact that he sneaky bills. Yeah. Like the fact that he's not in jail yet just shows you, like, the people that he had information on that we're doing business with him. That's the only reason he's not jail. And because they know if he goes to jail, he's going to sing like a canary, because, I'm sorry, fat boy ain't made for jail. He's going to be holding somebody's pocket the first day.
Speaker B: As a fat man.
Speaker A: What a reference.
Speaker B: I would say I am ready for jail.
Speaker A: You think you stand a chance in jail, huh?
Speaker B: Do I think I stand? No.
Speaker A: I've known somebody that's gone delegate for jail.
Speaker B: I've known somebody that's gone to jail for over a year in maximum security. And, yeah, the stories were not. We're not enjoyable.
Speaker A: Isn't this a family member?
Speaker B: This was a family member, yeah. And just the food alone. The food alone I wouldn't handle. You know, I couldn't make it in.
Speaker A: Jail, bro, you make stops at different chicken restaurants. Of course you cannot handle prison food. Are you nuts?
Speaker B: Let alone the butt stuff, you know.
Speaker A: I mean, look, that's a different story. Totally different story. Just for the food, though. You stop at two different chicken places in the same trip. You are not ready for prison food. You know, I've put a couple comments up top, one from our good friend Sophia. She is down in the comments and she's ultimately very confused about what's going on. But she did respond, chamber for president. I think. I think you would enjoy that one. She also said, AI sucks. There, I said it. So some hot takes coming from Sofia, RDL. This is top notch rebranding in action. Agree hard, agree. And set your reminders up top from DJ from Jweb regarding Sundays djen bets episode they will be covering. It'll be J web, phonics and cap covering all of the pre week one NFL stuff, specifically wagering and DF's. So if you're interested in that, set your reminders up top. We've got. We've. Oh, gosh. We've got Sophia up here for trivia time. Chamber, take it away.
Speaker B: All right, Sophia, in order to continue, you must answer one of these questions. The categories is, you know, your choice, and they are arts, science, entertainment, history, general knowledge, or geography.
Speaker F: What? No fat questions.
Speaker B: No fat questions.
Speaker A: We don't have a category built out for fat. We'll maybe add that to the prison category that we're working on as well.
Speaker F: Dude, that's why I came on. I was going to do the fat jokes, but, okay, entertainment, I guess.
Speaker A: Okay, entertainment, if possible. Chamber.
Speaker B: Okay. I'm just looking at the choices for entertainment here.
Speaker A: Nothing makes me laugh more than you seeing something before it's presented to any of us and just hearing your little, like.
Speaker B: Okay, this is a Star wars question, I believe. I don't know. I'm not a big Star wars person. So, I mean, I think a lot of fat people watch Star wars, so there's that. Mace Mace Windu, I believe I'm pronouncing that properly played by Samuel L. Jackson, has what color lightsaber? Mace Windu, played by Samuel L. Jackson, has what color lightsaber?
Speaker F: I think it was yellow.
Speaker B: That's unfortunate. It's purple. Pain. I'm sorry.
Speaker A: Bye, Sophia.
Speaker B: Bye, Sophia.
Speaker F: Wow.
Speaker C: The correct answer was 15.
Speaker B: Surprisingly enough, it was not 15. It was purple. Jackson wanted to make sure he could spot himself on screen in the sea of blue and green sabers, so he asked George Lucas if he could have a purple lightsaber.
Speaker A: So we don't have a rule for this, but Sophia requested back up. I think you need to hit her with another trivia question.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, if you want the onslaught of, I could do this all day, this is great. Sophia, you have another. So you now have five categories.
Speaker A: Sophia just became the answer to our very own trivia question. Who was the first person to ever get one of our trivia questions wrong on the mid mic crisis? It is Sophia.
Speaker B: Okay, Sophia, you only have five categories left now. Arts, science, history, general knowledge, or geography. Choose wisely.
Speaker F: I call b's on the saber thing, but I'll go.
Speaker A: We've got. We've got a challenge. Coaches challenge coming.
Speaker B: Judges, I'm sorry.
Speaker A: I'm not a Star wars person.
Speaker E: I was trying to spam the Purple Heart for the answer. It is indeed it was.
Speaker A: The judge has spoken. Judge Payne has spoken. Sophia, choose your next category.
Speaker F: History.
Speaker B: History. Great choice. I'm gonna. I'm gonna. I'm gonna look at the different history questions here.
Speaker A: A lot to choose from here on this category.
Speaker B: Okay. All right, let's view. Okay. These are tough. Would you prefer World War two or ancient Rome? Just out of curiosity?
Speaker F: Well, war two, I guess.
Speaker B: Okay. During World War two, who was known as the butcher of Prague?
Speaker F: Himmler.
Speaker A: Butcher.
Speaker B: Unfortunately not. It was Reinhard Heydrich. But I'm going to make a little exception for you here. You chose a german guy, which I think is close enough. And you're right here he is. And because you did it twice, you automatically get grandfathered into. Grandmothered in, I guess, in this scenario, to the speaker's corner here. So continue. Continue. We won't ask you to do much more.
Speaker F: Thank you. Thanks for allowing me to speak to you guys. This is, you know, personally, a great moment for me and a great moment in history. So can we get back to the fat jokes? Because that's the reason. But when you say. When you say fat chamber, can you be very specific?
Speaker A: Okay, chamber. Let's. Let's explore this.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: Would you. Would you capsize a small canoe?
Speaker B: I don't go on canoes.
Speaker A: Okay. Is this for fear that you might capsize it?
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, for those of you who don't go on canoes. Canoes are a. I would say a medium to small person's vessel. I'm a.
Speaker A: You are larger than somebody who fits in a small canoe.
Speaker B: I'm not designed for canoes. Correct.
Speaker A: Yeah. Next question. Uh, in the. In the event you were at a park and there is a seesaw, how many children would it take to be on the other side in order for you to be up top?
Speaker B: Um, I would say, for just a balance out, I would say.
Speaker A: Oh, for you to be all the way up top.
Speaker B: So embarrassing. Uh, 710 year olds. I don't know.
Speaker A: 710 year olds. Which is not the equivalent of one seven year old.
Speaker B: Correct.
Speaker C: But wait, if you break that equation down, that would actually be 15 five year olds.
Speaker B: That is like, 15 five year olds is also the correct answer.
Speaker A: No horses.
Speaker B: No horses.
Speaker A: I would say, if a horse was on the other side, would it be balanced or would you be higher or lower?
Speaker B: I would say I would go up against a half a horse.
Speaker A: Okay, Sophia, was this specific enough?
Speaker B: I feel.
Speaker F: I feel like when you went to the horse thing, it just. Yeah, it hit home. That's. That's a lot of weight chamber.
Speaker B: Hey, I'm a lot of man.
Speaker A: Now, here's a. Let's put it in context. You're at the same park, and these children are piling into one trench coat to be the height of you. How many children does it take in said trench coat?
Speaker B: So one child and then multiple children stacked on their shoulders. We'll say correct.
Speaker A: Very, you know, little rascals style.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. I'd say almost the same. I may be, like, six children. So, like, one base child.
Speaker A: What age? Children?
Speaker B: Like, ten year olds. I'm just using my ten year old.
Speaker A: As ten year olds.
Speaker B: Yeah. Like, I'm thinking my daughter and five of her friends stuck on top of each other makes one of me.
Speaker A: Makes one of you. Wow.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So see, Sophia, while he is half a horse, he is also, like, 7ft tall.
Speaker B: I'm not, like, gross.
Speaker F: Wait, wait.
Speaker A: Just.
Speaker F: Just so I get this correctly, um, so you're a half horse.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker F: But a midget at the same time. Is that. Is that pretty much how to describe you?
Speaker A: If you were.
Speaker F: If you were on Tinder, would we be right? You know, we would be swiping right or left? What do you think?
Speaker A: It depends on how much you like horses?
Speaker B: Yeah, I guess. Are you a her? Are you a horse girl? Is the first question.
Speaker F: Um, is your picture on Tinder a horse?
Speaker B: It is mostly a horse head.
Speaker A: It's five horses. It's five horses. And him on a seesaw. That's the carousel of pictures you get with chambers Tinder profile.
Speaker B: I would say as I'm, again, I'm a. If I was on the open market, and again, the open 40 year old market, which I, you know, that's the category that I'm currently in, I would.
Speaker A: Say you're for 40 year old. You are a swipe. Right.
Speaker B: I feel like I would do okay on the open market. I'm not getting a max contract, you know what I mean? But I'm getting, like the mid level exception.
Speaker A: Look, there are, um, there are lumber sexuals out there, and you, your, your height and size and body type resemble that of a Paul Bunyan esque character. So I think you would do rather well.
Speaker B: I'm like white Charles Barkley.
Speaker A: You're a round mound to something, but I think you'd actually do pretty well on Tinder.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah.
Speaker F: Maybe we should put that to a test and just get you on Tinder and you can report back.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker B: It's funny you say that, because I've. Because my wife and I have been together for so long, we actually both miss the online dating scene. So we have no frame of reference for any of these apps that anybody's using, let alone just straight up websites. So we actually had the conversation a few years ago about, like, creating profiles and just seeing what kind of, you know, just seeing what we got.
Speaker A: This is a dangerous game. Crap. I don't. I would not want to play that game at all.
Speaker F: Yeah. My advice would be, yeah, I think your wife will probably find somebody very quickly.
Speaker B: Yeah. She's way hotter than I am.
Speaker F: Yeah. And you be, you know, on the horse section, it's not going to work out for you.
Speaker A: I think. I think Tinder just. Oh, actually, no. This is our next news story. Tinder introduces new feature horse filter. You can now, you can now select man, woman or horse. Horse for your dating needs. So you, you can actually be one of the first people in the horse section on Tinder chamber. What do you think?
Speaker B: I'm interested. I can't say I'm not interested.
Speaker F: Slippery slope. That's all I'm saying.
Speaker A: That's right. Sophia, always a pleasure. I just love when Sophia's in the crowd. She, she gets us and she is able to riff with the best of them. So appreciate you, Sophia. Shall we keep going through the news here?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think we should.
Speaker A: We're going to just take the whole time doing news. The other just quick headline I had for web three and crypto is JPMorgan exploring blockchain based deposit tokens for payments. And really, quite honestly, way more boring than horse stuff. So we're just going to skip. Right? We're going to go to yours that you put in here, just in Turkish. Crypto exchange CEO sentenced to 11,196 years in prison for stealing 2 billion in customer funds. What a. What. What even exchange is this? Thodex?
Speaker B: I don't even know. I didn't recognize it, but I just.
Speaker A: Saw 2 billion on something called Thodex.
Speaker B: That has to be the, you know, the money laundering exchange. Right.
Speaker C: It's a lot of scam phones. Yeah.
Speaker A: If you can. If you can. If you have this tweet available, chamber, pin it up top, because I need. I need to show you something. The next point here is talk about prison. You couldn't do one year, let alone 11,193, could you? I made him go do something and he can't multitask. But Chamber doing 11,000, what year would that.
Speaker B: He would be out in the year? Like 13,000 something.
Speaker A: Yeah. Like, say we live in the AI world, in which you could actually live forever. You still wouldn't be able to last that long. Prison.
Speaker B: They say you only do two days in prison the first day and the 50,000th day.
Speaker A: That is right. The. Did you pin this up to the top?
Speaker B: I know. I'm getting it right now.
Speaker A: I just wanted to. I just wanted to point out that I did not realize that Kevin Rose was part of the turkish police, because that is definitely Kevin Rose in this picture.
Speaker B: Oh, is it far? I didn't see.
Speaker A: It looked.
Speaker B: It doesn't look like.
Speaker A: Am I just like him? So Kevin Rose out there busting turkish exchange founders instead of, you know, pumping our moonbirds bags. But alas, here we are. Okay, that does it for our crypto and web three news. We've got chill news of the day. Not chill news of the day. And a special update from Chambers family. Which do you want first? Chamber?
Speaker B: I actually. I put in the sports news because I saw my timeline just explode with this Cadarius, Tony, and I wanted you to explain it to me in terms that I could understand.
Speaker A: Okay, so.
Speaker B: And am I pronouncing his name properly?
Speaker A: Yes, that is correct. If you pin this tweet up top, chamber to pin the same tweet up top so people can follow along. By the way, that is definitely Kevin rose in that picture, um, escorting this thodex exchange founder and pointing to. He's, he's pointing to where he can buy moonbirds to pump the bags with those $2 billion he stole. So these are Kaderius Tony highlights from last night. If you don't know who Kaderius Tony is, he is a wide receiver on the Kansas City Chiefs. He's kind of like. He's like in his second or third year in the league, might even be, but he's never really played much. He was injured. The Giants drafted him, and he's like, had all this talent, and he's just kind of like blowing every opportunity he gets. He's kind of not a good locker room guy based on what we've heard so far as well. And last night, he was un good in the first 1st game of the season. Very ungood. And I'll put this in a perspective for you to understand, Chamber. Uh, I'm very much into all the stats that go behind all of this stuff, and there's a metric called EPA, and it stands for expected points added per play. You. You can actually break it down by, like, target, right? So a target would be anytime he was throwing the ball, right. The Kidarius Tony's expected EPA, or, sorry, his EPA per target yesterday in this game was -2.19 now, what that means is for every three times you would throw it to Kaderius Tony, the other team, it would be like the other team scoring a touchdown.
Speaker B: That's rough.
Speaker A: So just throwing it to him three times essentially equated to the other team scoring a touchdown on you. And so that was the most egregious wide receiver performance we've had seen in a very long time. I read something today that pro football focus does player grades. After every game, they gave him the lowest grade they've given any wide receivers since 2018. So it was very, very disappointing performance last night. But there's your kid areas. Tony explainer, did you, is that good?
Speaker B: Yeah, totally. I just wanted to make sure it was as bad as my timeline was telling me.
Speaker A: It was, it was the gridius. Yes. It basically cost him the game. That wide open throw. The funny joke I was seeing around this EPA stat is that it actually didn't even take three throws to him because that one, he was wide open. It hits off his hands, goes into the defender. And they returned that for a ton. I saw.
Speaker B: I saw that clip specifically. That seemed pretty rough. And just. Just to. Just to touch on it, because Payne and I were talking about earlier today. I think. I think we were both watching it at some point today. The US lost to Germany in the FIBA World cup for basketball this morning, and so did Canada. So they're actually going to meet.
Speaker A: Yes. Let's put something on this, I was.
Speaker B: Going to say, because I feel just as confident in Canada as the US. I feel like it's even money on that betting line. I don't know what it actually is, but I've been taking Canada all day in that one. Um, but, uh, yeah, they didn't give the ball to Austin Reeves enough. I think they would have won the game. But, uh, yeah, check it out. I think it's Sunday morning at 430 eastern. Oh, so that's an early, early game.
Speaker A: No, no, no. All right, chill news or not chill news. Which one do you want?
Speaker B: Gotta go. Not chill news.
Speaker A: Not chill. All right. This is very not chill. Millions of bees fell off a truck in Ontario. Local beekeepers jumped in to help. Millions of bees spilled onto an Ontario highway. Wednesday, beekeepers sprung into action. Wow.
Speaker B: Yeah. I was not too far from this, actually.
Speaker A: On that day, Mike Barber of the tri city bee rescue talked about the effort here. So Mike Barbere, he said, the. The guy says that it was just millions of bees. Speed spilled all over the highway. Yeah. Just millions of bees. Yeah.
Speaker B: Canadian interviews. Canadian interviews are some of the best interviews. Yeah. The bees were out of control. We're big. We're big bee people here.
Speaker A: So did this news go, you know, go across the, the canon averse?
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, yeah. I know.
Speaker A: I mean, you know about this.
Speaker B: This was like, literally 45 minutes from my house.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Leftovers.
Speaker B: I was on the road. I was on the road, uh, that day, I think, uh, when it happened. So I was probably closer than. Than that, even.
Speaker A: I'm going to. I'm going to cut to the chase right now, and I'm making a judgment call. This was not supposed to be a segment today, but it is now turning into a segment. Mike Barber, beekeeper in Ontario. Mike of the week. How about that?
Speaker B: Mike Barber is Mike of the week.
Speaker A: Mike of the week.
Speaker B: I was looking for Mike's and everything I would pull up was just the saddest news. And I'm like, this is terrible.
Speaker A: Please find a picture of this guy, Mike Barber, beekeeper from Ontario, and tweet him out as the, as the mic of the week. And that. That's it. We've got an official first ever mic of the week. Specifically. All right, we're going to the chill news. Then we're going to mister House for his trivia question, and then we're going to close it down. Look what we accomplished here just by. Just with this news, huh?
Speaker B: How about unbelievable.
Speaker A: All right, Chamber, this news is right up your alley. I'm classifying it into chill news just because of the topic. However, I don't know if there's much chill about the process that they must have to go through for this. This comes from. This is from strange news. Monster hunters are conducting the largest search of loch ness in more than 50 years. How chill is that?
Speaker B: I mean, that's pretty, that's pretty chill. That's chill. Chill news.
Speaker A: I mean, like, searching for Nessie is pretty chill, I would say. Right?
Speaker B: As a. Avid monster hunter myself.
Speaker A: Right? Yes. That's why I picked this.
Speaker B: Loch Ness is the Kaderius Tony of monsters. I had to look up his name again. Yeah, Loch Ness is the Loch Ness monster. Kind of the shittiest monster. Because I think at this point we can either agree that there's a lot of sea creatures that we haven't identified yet. We're seeing those fairly regularly where you see deep sea cameras capturing all sorts of weird stuff. So I know Loch Ness has, I think, some connections to the ocean, so it's probably something, but it's probably not like a mysterious monster. It's probably just some sea animal that either hasn't been discovered yet or has been misidentified. But no, it is cool. What, are they going to drain the lock? Is that what they're doing? Bunch?
Speaker E: Okay. I was making sure that wasn't me. I, he just, he just messaged in the chat and he said, what happened?
Speaker B: So as long as you can still hear my voice, that's. I can't matter.
Speaker E: Sultry voice. In the meantime, we will. We can answer the question. Ant. Anthony, some might call him for long, went in, in the chat and said he needs help taking my wife out for dinner. What should I order?
Speaker B: Wow, that's a great question. I'd be curious to know if it was just. Matt doesn't have any kids, right? Like, it's just him and his significant other. I think sushi is always a good way to go. It's not too heavy because usually if I'm buying dinner I'm having, we're going to have some fun time after, and I don't want to have, you know, you don't want to roast and, like, potatoes, you know what I'm saying? So that would be my two cent something light, something that doesn't get stuck in your teeth. Those are my two. I would say those are the two tips I would give for Anthony.
Speaker A: You just told them how those were great.
Speaker B: Yeah, just. Just.
Speaker E: Well, bunch, you came back up as a speaker. I think, you know, we have a.
Speaker A: Trivia question I need to answer. A trivia question.
Speaker B: I got one for you. This is going to be an easy one, and I'm going to judge you significantly if you get it wrong.
Speaker A: Oh, I'm definitely getting it wrong.
Speaker B: No, it's an easy one.
Speaker A: I'm going to get kicked down.
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. I'm going to give you this one in the Simpsons. This is easy stuff, bunch. Okay. You got this. I'm totally confident. Who said I got a home remedy that'll put the zausers back in your trousers? In the Simpsons, who said I got the home remedy that'll put the zausers back in your trousers?
Speaker A: Gosh. This sounds like a. This sounds like a. What's the guy's name? The professor. But I don't think that's true. It just sounds like something he would say.
Speaker B: So I'll give you a little hint. What this person is talking about is a. An elixir, a performance enhancing elixir. That. Is that ringing any bells for you?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: Pain. Do you want to. Do you want to help them out? You can get a lifeline. I'll give you pain as a lifeline.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. I would love to use pain as a lifeline.
Speaker E: The lifeline would be this person is. Is old. I feel like that's a pretty good lifeline, right?
Speaker B: I feel you can just give him the answer. I think that's.
Speaker E: Oh, Abe, it's.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's Grandpa Simpson.
Speaker A: Oh, wow.
Speaker B: Yeah. So this is. That's 100% correct, Bunch. You do get to stay on.
Speaker A: I guess I'll see you Monday.
Speaker B: No, you're good. You're good to.
Speaker A: I never want to kick me. If you kicked me off, this would have totally become my new strategy. I would have just faked like something was wrong and then got every trivia question right. We do have to go to Mister House. Mister House been waiting patiently. I think Mister House probably. I would bet high probability that Mister House gets his questions right. So go for it. Mister house. And chamber, and then we'll close this thing down.
Speaker B: Okay, mister House, I just. Your category. Your category choices are arts, science, entertainment, history, general knowledge, or geography.
Speaker G: Let's go with history. I just want to say, I would not have gotten that last question right. So props to, uh, props to banshee for lifeline and pain.
Speaker A: Props to chamber for lifelining me to pain.
Speaker B: Thank goodness. Okay. Okay. Pay or pardon me, mister House. What company was formerly named Kadabra Inc. What company was formerly named?
Speaker A: Clearly it's Abraco.
Speaker B: Yeah, Kadabra Inc. Give you a hint.
Speaker G: Yeah, hint would be great.
Speaker B: If there's a hint the company is still around today is one I would, you know, some people might argue one of one of the top companies.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm pretty sure I know this.
Speaker B: And feel free to use a lifeline to either paint or bunch.
Speaker G: Yeah, I'll use that. I'll use a lifeline to bunch you. But I love the trivia concept. That was mostly why I came up, was to test myself. I'm disappointed that I have to use lifeline, but chamber I pinned Kidarius Tony highlights to the top. If you want to see how bad he was, just watch that compilation. It's freaking hysterical.
Speaker A: That's what he sent me in our show notes. That's what he linked us. And it's pretty gruesome, I believe. And I guess if I get this wrong, the show just ends. Is that how it works?
Speaker B: That's correct.
Speaker A: Okay. But I think I'm going to get it right. I believe it is one of the largest companies now in the world. Am I on the right track?
Speaker B: You are on the right track.
Speaker A: I believe they initially set out to sell book. Is that correct?
Speaker B: That is correct.
Speaker A: I'm going with final answer, Amazon.
Speaker B: Mister House, would you like to use that as your answer?
Speaker G: Yeah, I'll use that one. Given the. They started selling by selling books, that seems like a no brainer. It's not going to be half price books if they're still around.
Speaker B: It was actually, in fact, 15 books, barnes and noble. It was Amazon. So, yeah, Kadabra Inc. Became Amazon. Amazing. Amazing stuff. That's a great, I like the lifeline. That's a great, I like the, hey, speaking of Rebrand, I've been hearing a lot that Min Mike crisis was the catalyst for the great web three. Rebrand is that I think, I mean.
Speaker A: We certainly started this train prior to all the influencers switching over. So I am, I'm definitely gonna take credit for that. I think we deserve credit for that now. You know, I would argue probably doing.
Speaker B: It better than anybody else.
Speaker A: Well, look, when we rebrand, we rebrand hard.
Speaker B: We sure do.
Speaker A: So let's see, mister House, did you have anything else before we shut this thing down?
Speaker G: No, I just, I just really wanted to test myself in the trivia. It seemed like everyone else was having a lot of fun with it, and I was just like, yeah, you know, it'd be fun.
Speaker B: I liked. I liked today's show because we demonstrated to the other listeners that will probably go a little easy on people, to be perfectly honest. It is fun, but we will, you know, make fun of you if you get the answer wrong. And then if. If you do have the gall to. To come back, you have to, you know, you're going to get the question again. But regardless, you'll probably get to stay.
Speaker A: Up before we roll out here. Tweet of the day, actually, I like this. As a segment, we should have a comment of the day. So where you. You wrote here in the show notes, we should pump that chat bubble, quote unquote. I hate when you quote, we can. We can quote unquote, pump that chat bubble, and we're going to. We'll pin to the top the tweet of the day, the comment of the day. I think it's this one from rook. It's how Sophia is picturing chamber. Please click on that one. That is 100%. And look, this is why we rebranded, because this is so much more fucking fun than talking about, you know, I don't know.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker A: God, for the 30th fucking time, I don't know, man. We're just out here to have fun, that's all.
Speaker B: We sure are. And, I mean, I'd be swiping right on that picture, that's for sure.
Speaker A: Oh, me too. There's no doubt. That should be your first picture on Tinder. The second one is you on a seesaw with.
Speaker B: I also like the children on top, so I know the different bunch who laughs over the years. And your laugh when I said I'm not gross was my favorite laugh of the day because, I mean, it's.
Speaker A: It's true. But, like, the descriptor of, like. I mean, if that's the baseline. Yes. Correct.
Speaker B: I'm not gross.
Speaker A: You're not gross, my friend. You're. You're a canadian nine, I think.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, yeah, definitely.
Speaker A: I mean, you're. Look, you guys up there are obsessed with, like, large animals. Like moose.
Speaker B: Moose. Yeah, I'm a moose. Human.
Speaker A: Yeah, you're a human moose. Yeah, that's it. Hashtag moosestuff. And we'll get out of here. That's going to do it. I don't remember what I used for the sign off.
Speaker B: Oh, it was so fucking smooth on the last one. What was it? Keep the mic.
Speaker A: Keep the mic hot. Is that what I said?
Speaker B: You dropped it so nonchalantly and we went right into the exit. I was. I think I had to take a lie down after.
Speaker A: Really? Wow. It was too much, too bad. That's not gonna happen today cause I forgot what I said. But until next time, join us. Oh, don't forget tomorrow we got Saturday morning cartoons at nine or. No, 10:30 a.m. now. So set your reminders for that Saturday morning cartoons on Djen and then Sunday again, the reminders up top for d gen bets with j web phonics and cap talking betting. DF's for NFL week one will be back at it on Monday, same time, four eastern. Until then, what was it? Keep the mic. That's it. There you go. I'll get there eventually. Keep the mic hot.
