Speaker A: Alright. Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am bunchu, alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, chamber. Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: I'm gonna be honest with you, I'm not doing well. I'm days away. I mean, days. Couple of weeks away from turning 40, and I quit my holidays. You know how I smoke, so I.
Speaker A: Yes, this is.
Speaker B: Yes, it's a very unusual way I go in smoking seasons. Usually for, you know, four to eight weeks in the summer and four to eight weeks in the winter. So I just ended my.
Speaker A: You've been doing this for years?
Speaker B: Years. I love smoking, but I don't want to smoke all the time, so I just ended my winter session. And, you know, it was kind of close, that eight week. It was probably pretty close to eight weeks. And, you know, when I'm smoking, I don't do anything. Like, when it's smoking time, like, there's no exercise, there's like, you know, you know, ordering in. Like, there's. It's complete debauchery. So I'm like, well, I'm gonna go for a walk. I got a bakery less than a mile away from my house. I'm like, I'm gonna take a walk to the bakery today.
Speaker A: Your exercise was to go. The exercise. Good.
Speaker B: Correct.
Speaker A: Got it. Okay. Yep. Just tracking.
Speaker B: It's significantly better than what it was a week ago. I mean, in comparison. And, I mean, the walk ruined me. Like, I was like, oh, my God, I'm gonna die. Yeah, it was. It was no bueno. I was probably like 2 miles there and back. Hated every minute of it. Not doing well.
Speaker A: So well. I mean, you're very. What'd you get at the bakery?
Speaker B: Just some. So some I like. I'm very particular with my hot dogs. Yes, I'm having.
Speaker A: Wait, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Wait, wait a second. Did you say you got a hot dog?
Speaker B: I got hot dog buns at the bakery because I'm very particular hot dogs. I like a good hot dog, but I also like a good hot dog bun. I made chili yesterday, so we're making chili dogs tonight.
Speaker A: Nice. Okay, so that's. I would argue that the bun is almost irrelevant in a chili dog situation.
Speaker B: But you need something to hold it properly. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yeah. It needs to be robust enough. I do, I get it, I get it. I. You know, the smoking thing has always been weird to me. Would. Do you classify yourself as a smoker? Like, if somebody asked you, hey, are you have to identify smoker or non smoker. Are you, are you a smoker?
Speaker B: If my insurance company's asking me, non smoker if. Yeah, no, I am. Like, I'm a smoker. I mean, I smoke weed all year, which I know doesn't count as, you know, technically a smoker.
Speaker A: No. I think when you ask somebody if they're a smoker, you're typically referring to cigarettes. Yeah, right.
Speaker B: I'm definitely, like, a supporter of smokers. Like, if you're a smoker, that sounds.
Speaker A: Like to me you're about to say that you are a non smoker. Is that correct?
Speaker B: I mean, I smoke, I don't smoke in a year more than I smoke. I don't know. Probably a smoker, though.
Speaker A: Thumbs up or thumbs down from the audience, if you would classify chamber as a smoker, thumbs up for yes, thumbs down for no. I need to know if people are going to classify you as your, if you go in these two eight week smoking seasons, are you a smoker or a non smoker? A bunch of thumbs ups. Brits saying thumbs up.
Speaker B: I don't see any thumbs up. No thumbs up.
Speaker A: Thumbs up. Now you're, you're a smoker, bro up. Dow Jones says no. Dow's got your back. The, you know, I gotta add, like, do you prepare for your seasons like an athlete would?
Speaker B: No, no. It's, it's definitely last minute. I mean, I prepared for the ending, so I know I usually have a date in mind for when I'm gonna quit so I can kind of mentally prepare and kind of number my cigarettes. You know what I mean? You don't want to be, you don't want to go into that last day having too many cigarettes left, you know what I'm saying? Because then you'll just continue. Yeah. You gotta, like, you gotta make sure you're ending at the right time where maybe you're only throwing away a couple of cigarettes at the end of the day. You know what I mean? It's very difficult. It's a delicate ballad.
Speaker A: So you have a time, like, it's literally an off switch, and you throw out what you have left.
Speaker B: Correct. It's usually when I leave my mom's house after the holidays.
Speaker A: Got it.
Speaker B: And that's what I did.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. That's usually what happens.
Speaker A: Interesting. All right, well, I've always found this very perplexing about you, and so now the world of this Twitter spaces can understand a look inside of chambers brain. We're going to talk predictions today. Oh, by the way, before we get into that, I do want to say we are missing our good friend Des today. Des does this thing to us where we have the TMC discord chat, where we kind of plan out all of our shows. I would say Chamber likes to be the most planned out, even though he, he has probably the least to offer and things to plan. Like, you know, Chamber will come three days before a show and be like, what are we talking about on Wednesday? And I kind of usually just ignore it. That's typically how it goes. And because I'm waiting for Chamber to suggest some things on that, like, and then, you know, I'll come in and throw some comments in. Destin goes radio silent until about four or five minutes before every show and basically just tells us if he's gonna be there or not. So today at 357, he hasn't spoken to us since the last show.
Speaker B: Since the last show.
Speaker A: Last minute change of plans. I now find myself at the zoo. Good luck today. Sorry I won't be there. Once I get through the holidays. It'll be more consistent for me. Well, it's good to hear he's visiting family at the zoo. That's right. And, you know, he can, he's got a lot of goats to go visit over there this time over the holidays. But that's, that's a little peek inside how TMC works under the hood, I would say. Would you say that's pretty accurate? That's what I just described.
Speaker B: That's exactly what happens every single week. Like, I guess now that there's more shows, it's like every few days now.
Speaker A: But it's every couple of days I.
Speaker B: Got a little panic. What happens with me? I get a little panic attack a couple of days ahead. Like, shit. Like what are we going to talk about? And I'll put out something on the discord. And you're pretty good. At least you'll respond.
Speaker A: Yeah, right.
Speaker B: I mean, that's all I'm looking for. V squared's in there. He's always working hard. He's always got good ideas. Shout out to v squared. Running the djet handle right now, but yeah, no, that's usually how it works every single time.
Speaker A: Yeah. So just a peek under the hood there, but let's get into what we got going on. Don't forget to leave us a comment down below. I'm actually going to ask for some participation here because we're going to make, we're going to make our predictions live here, and I definitely want to hear some of your predictions. So I'm going to pin a tweet up top about which, you know, predictions we actually are going to do today. And so I just, I just put it up there. But first, we got to go through last year's predictions. I asked you a couple days ago if we had done a prediction show last year and we both didn't know. But what we actually did was we did a prediction show on Rect podcast, not TMC. So for those that don't know, Chamber and I have been doing shows together since 2018. We started as a crypto focused show called Rect Podcast, and in 2021, we kind of pivoted away from crypto and into nfts. And now we kind of do, you know, a little bit of a hybrid show, mostly nonsense and slash comedy, I guess, with a little of all that sprinkled in between. But we actually did do, on January 7 last year, we did a 2022 Predictions episode on Rect podcast. And, I mean, let's just say that, let's preface this with none of what we say should ever be taken as financial advice, and it will be proven as you see what our predictions were over the course of this episode today. There will be evidence to back up. There's definitely evidence. I'm going to ask actually, I'm actually going to ask you to kind of like reinfor retroactively make these predictions. Like, if you were like what you think you said, to hear what you think you said. Yeah. And then you'll quickly find a theme here that on how far off we were on most of this stuff. But a couple of things to highlight here. On January 7, when we did this episode, bitcoin was just breaking down under $42,000. So on January 7, bitcoin was around 42,000. It was just breaking through to the downside. And you and I were all covering a lot of what we thought was going on in the market at the time.
Speaker B: For those keeping track at home, it's $16,500 right now.
Speaker A: Yeah. So we're talking almost a three x from here. But so that was interesting, I thought, because, you know, it's funny to go hear these shows in, like, specific snippets of time where prices way different than it is now. But we also were talking about new tokens that had hit the top ten, and one of which was Luna. Luna.
Speaker B: That was just January, had just been.
Speaker A: Bringing into the top ten. And here's a direct quote from you. Yeah, I'm holding a big bag of Luna. I'm a Luna.
Speaker B: Maxi, that's not what I said, is it?
Speaker A: That's not what swear to God, it's like five minutes into the show and. Wow. So that, that was something that was said last year on January 7. Obviously, I don't think you held it to the bottom.
Speaker B: I don't think I held it the rest of that week. I'm going to be honest, you might.
Speaker A: Have sold it by the end of the show. I'm not even sure. But that, that is facts. That was, you were, if you would.
Speaker B: Have asked me if I held Luna at any point, I would have said no.
Speaker A: Well, you definitely did on July 7.
Speaker B: That's amazing.
Speaker A: And so another one to note here, friend of the show, longtime listener, you may have seen him out on Twitter. Fragile man child was in the comments during the show and he was calling at the time for BTC to 20k. So shout out to. He was calling for it in like Q two or whatever. But shout out to fragile Manchild because as you're going to be able to see quickly from these predictions that we made last year, he was the only one close to anything. So you want to get into these?
Speaker B: Yes, I do. So badly.
Speaker A: Okay, so first we actually predicted. Hold on. I want to go to Coingecko to get the real time updates for all of these things. So let's see. We had predicted, the first thing we predicted was the total cryptocurrency market cap. And on the, on the day of these predictions, it was $2.1 trillion in global market cap for crypto.
Speaker B: I don't even know what it is now.
Speaker A: Today it is 831 billion. So that's hashtag down bad. And I want you to guess what you said that the total market cap.
Speaker B: I know what I would have said, 5 trillion.
Speaker A: You actually went slightly lower. So congratulations. You were at 4 trillion and we were super bullish because I came in at 3.5 trillion. So at this time on January 7, we thought we were still going to recover from about what, you know, where we were. And we still had upside to go, obviously very wrong about that. So we were off by a magnitude.
Speaker B: We weren't even at a trillion.
Speaker A: No, we're not even at 1 trillion right now. So here's one you got right, actually. So this one is bitcoin dominance. And for those who may not know what bitcoin dominance is, it's basically the bitcoin market cap in relation to the total market cap of all crypto. So current on the date of, on the date we did this, it was 37.7 bitcoin.
Speaker B: That was an easy one.
Speaker A: Do you, do you want to probably like 43. So 43 is actually what I said. That was what I said. You said 38.5. And as of this morning it was 38.48.
Speaker B: Look at that.
Speaker A: So congratulations on that one. W. Yeah, congratulations. So next up, we had total number of tokens. This one always was fun to do for me because, you know, we've kind of seen just this astronomical amount of tokens in the, uh, just pile on in the time we've been in the space. So, um, at the time of recording, 12,297 total tokens existed in the cryptocurrency ecosystem. Uh, we both guessed the exact same amount on this one. Do you want to guess what we, like, said?
Speaker B: 15,000.
Speaker A: We both said 15k. Yes.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker A: The current, as of today, 12,873. So only about 6000 ish new tokens over.
Speaker B: We should have included nfts projects in that number.
Speaker A: Yeah, that would be a whole different, a whole different number. We'd be, we'd be way under shot. I think so. But we weren't too far off on that one actually. But it's interesting. So 6000 or 600 tokens, I wonder if it will be similar or different next year. But now we get to the, now we get to the fun stuff. Your bitcoin prediction start of that episode was forty two k. And based on your market cap prediction, you have a correlated bitcoin.
Speaker B: That's right. I had to do a 4 trillion at what, 38% dominance. I don't even know what that works out to be. It's a lot. What is it, like 65,000 bitcoin.
Speaker A: That's what you guessed?
Speaker B: Is that what I guessed? Yeah, sir.
Speaker A: You guessed that there would be an all time high at that, at the time we finished. At the time we finished the year. So this week we would be at $115,000 for a bitcoin. I was slightly more bearish than you, and I predicted 80,000, which, wow, that was unreasonable. But it sure seems it now, right?
Speaker B: Oh my goodness. Yeah. A reasonable $80,000 bitcoin.
Speaker A: Here's one that's real fun. Solana.
Speaker B: What was Solana at that time?
Speaker A: An odd day of recording $240. Yeah.
Speaker B: What could I have possibly said a year ago, by the way? I just 350, like, I don't know.
Speaker A: Okay, so that was, that's an interesting guess. It is incorrect off by a factor of almost two. You guessed $600. Yeah. You guessed $600.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: By the way, we, I don't know what happened to this person. They used to be in the war room. They used to listen all the time, and I haven't seen them in a while. A powder is. Was the. Was their handle.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Predicted a $20 salon way closer. While we were recording that in the chat, they had posted a $20,000.
Speaker B: Can we say again what my call was?
Speaker A: Was it your. Your call was 600. Mine is just as embarrassing. Mine is totally just as embarrassing.
Speaker B: My mind was 400 and currently $9.81. So embarrassing. Yeah. That's why we never say this is, you know, this is not financial advice, because if you've listened long enough, you know, we're terrible at guessing prices.
Speaker A: Well, look, I think there is obviously a sentiment here that we thought we were still going to kind of recover and go up from there. Right. So, like, I. Well, right, obviously. But, like, if. If you correlate that to, like, what we actually guessed or where prices were at the time, it doesn't seem that bad. Like, a $250 salon. Well, yours was just totally wrong. I mean, that one is egregious, but even, like, 400 doesn't seem too far off from 240. You know, like, I felt like that was at least reasonable. Obviously, you know, I'm just coping and trying to justify our terrible, terrible predictions. But the. Okay, next one. Binance BNB, at the time of recording was $444. Today's price. Today's price, 242. What do you think? You said.
Speaker B: Finance. I usually dog held up.
Speaker A: Held up as in down 50%?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Totally wrong.
Speaker B: Wrong performance. Out of finance. I usually dog on Binance. I probably would have said, like, the same, like, 400.
Speaker A: It was 444. You said 500. Okay, sounds like 400. So I said down 10% ish. Okay, here's.
Speaker B: That's actually a pretty good call in comparison to the other calls. Yours is.
Speaker A: Yes. Yes. This one. Kind of embarrassing. This is an Eth price. Guess at the time of recording, we had literally just broken down from, like, 4000, and we were watching it dumped live on, like, on the show, and it had just broken 3100. It's actually funny. If you listen to the show, there's. We're calling for, like, at that time where it's breaking down. We're calling for, like, 1800, which, you know, good for us, I guess, because that happened. So, you know, we were. We were prepared for it, but we clearly thought that we would rebound from there, and we have not, obviously. So we were at 3100 that day. We are at the time of recording. Or we were at. When I looked up this morning, 1190. What was your Eth price?
Speaker B: $6,500.
Speaker A: 8000. And mine wasn't too, mine wasn't too different. I had 7250 as my.
Speaker B: Just a couple of Eth Maxis.
Speaker A: Yeah, just a couple of, a couple of Eth boys bois. And then that took us. That was the crypto stuff. Then we did a couple, we did two NfT predictions. All right. And we did punks. And we did. And we did Bayc. And I will say there, I will say that I do feel validated that we changed from a crypto podcast to an NFT podcast because my predictions were much closer. I feel good to what, you know, how far our crypto predictions were off. So, punks, to start that episode, we're at 63 eth chamber. A direct quote. Direct quote after you making your prediction here. Who fucking cares about a crypto punk is the direct quote from I flip flop.
Speaker B: Guys, this is the first time you're listening to this. My mood changes like the wind on these things.
Speaker A: Yeah, but like, you actually have, I feel like you've actually changed your long term thinking on punks. Punks and kind of like some historical nfts in general. Like at the time you were not sold on really? Like, I feel like you still were not even sold on nfts. Really?
Speaker B: Correct. Yeah.
Speaker A: And it took you a long time to get there. And so what do you think your guess was at the start of that episode? Sorry, it was 6340-3232 my guess was 80 ethnic and they basically are flat. 63.93 was the floor as of this morning. So. Yeah. And then Bayc, start of the episode, they were at 68. Actually, I was way more bullish than these. I guess at the start of the episode they were 68. Do you have any guess at what you said they might be 20. No, you were actually more bullish on that. Yeah. You had 45 ETh as your guess.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: I was at 92 ETH and the current price at the time I took the snapshot this morning was 79 ETH. So those were our predictions.
Speaker B: Did we ever get to like 45 on the. I feel like we got closer.
Speaker A: I was probably close to the bottom. I think there was a time where they dipped below 50. I think maybe right after like NFT NYC that year or something. In the gap of like, I think. I don't remember, but they definitely touched 50 ish. So you were kind of close. But we've got our new prediction list up top. So if you would like to make your predictions in the comments, use that tweet. We're going to go through bitcoin eth and then we're going to go with. Oh, man. I missed one on here that I want to add. So, Chamber, I'm going to count on you to write these down this time.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And so you'll be our scribe for today.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: And in the meantime, if anybody wants to come up and participate in the predictions as well, you please request up. Give us your.
Speaker B: Can't be accurate, though. You can't be accurate.
Speaker A: I mean, you can be as accurate or inaccurate as you'd like. You just won't fit in on this show if you are accurate. So. And we're not going to hold you to this for a whole nother year. So we won't know. You can change your handle if you're right.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: But come up, give us your predictions or dog on us for our predictions, which is also quite allowed. So yeah, come up and request if you would like to. And let's start with bitcoin. Chamber, where do you think we're going to be at for bitcoin?
Speaker B: I gotta bring up my chart here, do some, do some technical analysis. I'm gonna say, boy, this is not looking great. End of the year, 2023. Fudge. I'm gonna say thirty six k. Thirty.
Speaker A: Six k. All right. So where do you think the bottom is then? Or do you think we're, I feel.
Speaker B: Like we're close to the bottom. You know, maybe we see another, you know, maybe we see another drawdown. But I feel once if and when we see another, another drawdown, I feel like that'll be the last one. And then we'll start to make moves to regain certain levels, starting with that 20k, you know. Twenty k. Twenty four k, you know, take 30k again. But I think we take, I think we take all those levels back in 2023. I think we're, yeah, definitely north of 30k.
Speaker A: Okay. I think that's pretty good call. I'm going to say that in Q one, we're going to find the bottom and I think it's going to be around, you know, 15 to 13 somewhere there. And then. I agree. I think we start recovering from there the rest of the year. I could see us. I'm going to call. I'll call. Would you say 32?
Speaker B: I guess at 36.
Speaker A: Oh, okay. I'll go 32 then. That'll be because for some reason I thought you said it, and I will take that. So I'll say 32 for bitcoin. What about aetherium now?
Speaker B: Ethereum? I feel like I'll just pull that one up here, too. I feel like 20 2400. All right, 2400. Ethereum.
Speaker A: Don't hate it. Don't hate it. I'm gonna go with, I'm going to stick with the bullish. The bullish call here on Ethereum. I'm going to say that we touch. I guess this is tougher, an end of the year versus an all time high call. I'm going to see, I'm going to say, I'm going to say 3500.
Speaker B: Very bullish.
Speaker A: I'm going. Getting the bull, the horns out for Ethereum. I like 3500. Those are my ethereum. That's my, I think for the right.
Speaker B: This is not the first time we've done our year review. I feel like in, like in 2021 we hit a lot of our.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, we did.
Speaker B: I think, I think we hit a button. So we're usually on a year off a year, I would say.
Speaker A: Yeah. And it's usually the year that everything tanks is the one we're off. Right, exactly. So I feel like we're moon boys. We're moon boys at heart, you know?
Speaker B: We sure are.
Speaker A: Okay, now we're going into the NFTs. Now. Now we're going to the NFTs. We have the current price of bored ape Yacht club, as mentioned before, was, I believe, 79 e. Right. So give me your board ape yacht club eth prediction.
Speaker C: It.
Speaker A: It's actually 80 eth right now. So a little higher than when I said before.
Speaker B: This goes against what I feel or this goes against what I want to happen, but we'll say 125 eth.
Speaker A: Whoa. Bullish.
Speaker B: I hate to say it, it really pains me, but I feel that's probably the right answer.
Speaker A: Wow. Okay. That was higher than I anticipated for you. So I'm going to, I'm going to stick with my prediction from last year and I'm going to say 92 eth.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: So I say slight pumpage. You know, we will see some more ups and downs and. But I'm going to say 92 end of year for BYC. Give us some, give us some comments there on your BAYC predictions. I'd love to see them. Let's move on to punks, aka, who the fucking cares about a crypto punk? As you would say at the current moment, they are 63.93 on the floor. Where you think they are end of year.
Speaker B: I'm going to say 105 east.
Speaker A: Wow, you're, you've gone like full swing the other way on nfts, huh?
Speaker B: It's always somewhere in the middle.
Speaker A: All right, interesting. I was going to take 100, so I'm going to take. So I hate to be so close to you, but I'm going to take. I'm going to take the hundred here. All right, I'll go. I'll go totally right in the middle. Play it safe at the round number of 100. So let's see. How about moonbirds? Let me look up what the current floor price on moonbirds is. I think here's where we might maybe differ a little bit, but I think.
Speaker B: This is where we heard some feelings.
Speaker A: Well, yeah, maybe some of these middle collections is kind of where we see some variants in our thought process or, like, you know, at least maybe from the crowd or whatever, because, you know, I think we both so far saying, you know, kings stay kings with bored apes and punks, and we'll see what happens with some of these middle ones. But let's. Let's hear what you got for his current price, by the way, is, I believe, 7.99 eth.
Speaker B: I'm gonna say three eth.
Speaker A: Three eth. Wow, that's interesting. Are you getting hate in the comments or. Yeah, Riggs is not loving it. Riggs hates it. Phonics and disbelief down there with the laughing emojis. I think those are the only two murders in the crowd. So you only heard two feelings there?
Speaker B: I think I sold phonics that one.
Speaker A: You did, actually. You did. So that's pretty funny, but yeah. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna say. I'm gonna say that they end up pretty flat here. Give me a. Give me a 7.5.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: Give me 7.5. I feel like it's going to be way off. I feel like they're either going to be, like 20 or they're going to be three, but we'll see. But I'm going to get 7.5. And I just don't know, like, you know, it's funny, I was listening to Rigs face earlier, and, you know, one of the first things he said about, like, his feelings from the call yesterday was that they, it didn't seem to him like they had their north Star figured out. And I could not agree more with that. And so, you know, totally. We'll see. We'll see what happens. But let's go to our next one. Doodles. Doodles is a current floor of 7.1. They've been on a little bit of Iran, I guess, from cute season kicking off here. So what do you think is going to happen to doodles?
Speaker B: I'm dogging on doodles as well. I'm going to say five e. Interesting.
Speaker A: I'm going the other way. I'm going to go with a ten eth doodles floor. I'm going to dudes, clone X. And I'm gonna add a couple here at the end of this, too. But let's see. Clone X, current floor price, 6.2 eth.
Speaker B: I'm going high. I'm going twelve.
Speaker A: Oh, interesting.
Speaker B: Okay. I've always had a soft spot for clone X in my heart. I don't know, I feel they're always innovating, so I feel. I feel good about them.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm bullish in theory as well. The only thing is, like, you know, there are 20,000 p. Like, 19,446 pieces here. There's 7% listed. And, like, I feel like they have to, like, prove themselves a little after this last kind of monolith thing. And. But I'll say. I'll say 8.55 are my prediction here on clone x. And then the ones that I would love to add to this is ute's and d gods. So d gods moving to Eth.
Speaker B: Yeah. What's the eth value of a d God right now?
Speaker A: So let's see. I can get a d God for my lowest floor price in the soul. On a d God is 468 soul. So that's about four and a half ish, eh, on a d God.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Let's use four and a half as the current base price. It's rough math, but it's there. And then what is. And ute's is 149. So about 1.2 ish.
Speaker B: Okay. So 1.2. Okay. And what we say for d gods? Three and a half, four and a half, four.
Speaker A: All right, so d gods going to eat. Where do you think they go?
Speaker B: I. I think. I don't know what the supply is. I'm gonna say ended. I'm gonna say ten e by the.
Speaker A: End of the year. That's where I was going. I was going ten, eight. I'll keep that call. We'll go. We'll go ten years together. All right. I just think there's going to be a lot more liquidity over there. I think 100%. You know, Frank's got the height machine rolling. I think he'll, you know.
Speaker B: I'm saying they have the best team. What do you think about that? I would take that team over the yuga team, and I would. I would. I'm taking Frank and Kevin to the bank.
Speaker A: All right. Frank to the bank for chamber. Hashtag Frank to the bank. Big thumbs down for riggs, easy. God, the water.
Speaker B: Kevin Rose, that animal beating psychopath. Have you seen that.
Speaker A: Raining on your parade for Briggs? You're gonna have to come up and defend. Defend your take there. But I'm also gonna go ten, and then we'll do. We'll do ute's as well. Ute's going to Polygon. What are you thinking there, Cap? Also giving big.
Speaker B: Nobody likes the call.
Speaker C: First off. First off, coming in. First off, I wasn't saying Kevin Rose is the best team. You were comparing them to Yuga, though. The thumbs down was used about you. Now, I will have it. Rose, from a. From a tech standpoint, but. Hype machine, absolutely not.
Speaker B: All right, we'll see.
Speaker A: So, riggs, give me so, of the ones we just ranked, right? Let's say the ones we just ranked. So Yuga punks throws in with yuga. Moonbirds, doodles, clone X, and then the ute's and D gods rank. Rank the teams. Oh, Jesus Christ.
Speaker C: Uh, Yuga number one by far.
Speaker B: Uh, okay. Then they got a case of the fumble. Aya, you know that, right? Like, they. They fumble a lot of things.
Speaker A: Yeah, but they're, like, too big to fail.
Speaker C: Dominant. They're dominant.
Speaker B: Too big to face.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: So. So you said punks and yuga. Those. Yeah, I mean, they're together pretty much at this point.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: I would put moonbirds up there. Clone X. Well, actually, moon birds. Frank and the D gods team.
Speaker B: You're putting moonbirds and Clone X?
Speaker A: No, no.
Speaker C: Only moon.
Speaker B: Okay, I'm biased.
Speaker C: I'm 100%. No, I'm biased, so get out of here. Okay, Frank. Then I would go Clonex doodles. Yeah, I think that's all of them.
Speaker A: Interesting. Yeah. All right. I like that. I don't totally disagree there. I think there's, you know, they're. Ranking these teams is kind of fun because they all have various varying strengths and weaknesses that are like that. Others do very well and some do not. Right. So I think ranking them is fun because, you know, you kind of see what's important to folks as they rank the teams. Give us chamber. Give it. Did you give us a ute's call? They're going to Polygon.
Speaker B: I'm going five. Five.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think I'm definitely going. I'm going to go with a three and a half. I think the polygon thing is, I.
Speaker B: Think polygon becomes easier to use throughout 2023. What do you think about that?
Speaker A: I hope so. I think there's still a hurdle for people to get over there from a liquidity standpoint. Totally. Because I think everybody's touting all the transactions on Polygon. And the fact of the matter is, right now, most of them happen in these siloed vertical marketplaces because they're from big brand projects, and most of those people are not crypto native folks. So it's going to take either a lot of people graduating and staying in Polygon, or how easy would it be.
Speaker B: For Opensea or any sort of, you know what I mean? To make it so you could just click a button and have it in eth, but they do everything in the background to swap it and you can make your, your polygon purchases.
Speaker A: Well, so, like, for me, I don't feel like that's an opensea thing. I feel like that needs to be made possible by polygon. Right. Like, uh, why should opensea facilitate that? It should be on Polygon to be able to kind of accept payment that way and do it on their side. And it sounds like they're actually working on something like that based on that spaces that they had with Frank the other day, which is interesting. So.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: But, yeah. All right, so what did I say? Three and a half.
Speaker B: Three and a half, yeah.
Speaker A: All right. Did we get anybody's, did we get any predictions in our, in our people.
Speaker B: Don'T want to put on wax, as the kids say.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, I'm. I, you know, I can bite you. Like, wait a second. What is put on wax means?
Speaker B: The kids say that. It means, like, on the record, I think.
Speaker A: Oh, that's. You're teaching me something here.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: No one had the chops to put their predictions out. Riggs, give me a. Give me a EtH prediction for 2023.
Speaker C: I think I'm rugging.
Speaker B: Just a bunch of scaredy cast.
Speaker C: I feel pretty bullish. I'm gonna go 2900.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: That's a nice, that's a nice number.
Speaker A: Was that right between me and you tamer?
Speaker B: I believe so. I was 24. He was. And you were 35? Yes. So right in the middle.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: I want a little sandwich, you know, bunch chamber sandwich.
Speaker A: The worst kind of sandwich.
Speaker B: This is a smelly sandwich.
Speaker A: Interesting. I'm excited to revisit these. You know, we should actually mint these predictions and, like, put them in our wallets in, like, a poap form so that we don't use them. Yeah, you certainly could. You could just create the file as, you know, a block of text and mint it as, you know, a Po app or something. We should definitely do it. And we should put ourselves on wax as the kids say that was all I wanted to do was predictions today. So I don't know. What else is on your mind, favor? Are you excited for the, for next year? Are you? You know, what are we, what are we thinking here?
Speaker B: What's your, I mean, I'm, I'm not, I don't know. I'm not excited. Excited like, we're like, I don't know about you, but I've been buying some nfts in the last couple of weeks and we're seeing, you know, like we saw pudgy penguins pump over the last couple of days. Things are moving. But I don't know, I'm just, in my heart, I just don't feel it's legit. You know, I feel like this is a, this is a fake out. I think, I think it's all caused by the Trump nft that created some liquidity in the market and this is just kind of the residual effects of that. And I don't know, I just don't think. I've just been hearing a lot of bullish conversation on Twitter and I'm just, I don't know, I'm a little reluctant to say, you know, let's go buy everything. Everything's going to mint out. Everything's up only from here.
Speaker A: Interesting. You got a thumbs down from Punter during that. I'm not sure. I'm not sure which part of that he disagrees.
Speaker B: I miss Steve. When Steve coming back?
Speaker A: Ouch. He's not even a speaker to defend himself. Hunter, get up here and defend yourself. That, that was just not, he's not hurt.
Speaker B: That is hurt. You know what? I apologize. That is a hurtful thing to say.
Speaker A: No one, no one wishes Steve was back.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: First off, first off, what's that make me feel like? And I've also been vowing for the co host. So you choose Punter over me?
Speaker A: Look, I told you, you gotta be there. You gotta be there camping out tomorrow. Like you need to be camping out in your living room, ready to hit that button to Rick.
Speaker B: You're upset. I'm so upset. I should be the, I should be the person that replaces.
Speaker C: No, no chance.
Speaker A: That is so off brand for coffee with cats.
Speaker B: That's what we have chamber. That's what we need when Steve's away. You don't need an on brand guy. You need, you need a little mix up. You need a little dark roast.
Speaker A: You would have been perfect for this morning with spicy cap, though. So I heard a little bit of it.
Speaker B: It was good.
Speaker C: I definitely would have liked to have some chamber takes this morning. That would have been fun.
Speaker A: Punter, get in here and defend yourself, please.
Speaker D: The problem with chamber is he would have only been there for ten minutes. It's a two and a half hour show, boss.
Speaker B: That's true.
Speaker A: I can't. Steve.
Speaker B: It's Steve. He talks too much. I gotta go out of it. It's too much.
Speaker D: It's like, you see chamber, he's in the audience and then he's gone. It's like, dude, we're trying to do a show here. You hang in or what? My thumbs down. My thumbs down was only in reference to the Trump Nft providing the liquidity to pump the market.
Speaker B: I mean, you don't think that was it? What was it then? I don't know.
Speaker D: I don't know. I don't know if that was it or not, but it just was a horrendous take regardless. So I just had to get up here.
Speaker B: I'm not here buying Trump nfps, but I'm pretty sure that's what caused a, the more recent liquidity.
Speaker A: I'm not sure if I agree with that either. Took, quite honestly. But where's the money come from? I don't know. I mean, people have been sitting on the sidelines for a long time.
Speaker B: There's probably some more shit, right?
Speaker A: There's a lot, there's a lot of money on the sidelines. I don't know if it came from Trump NFt.
Speaker B: He made nfts great again.
Speaker D: Wait, wait, chamber, are you saying you don't have an east tree in your backyard that you can just shake when you need a little bit of east.
Speaker B: And sometimes it's a, it's more of a shrub.
Speaker A: People, people are telling me that the liquidity I've provided is great. People say you have the best liquidity, Donald. People, I fill everybody's pockets with these and we're gonna, we're gonna go on a bull run. The biggest bull run you've ever seen.
Speaker B: I believe it, Don. I believe it, Don.
Speaker A: Man. Vicki, what's going on? I feel like good chamber roast coming here.
Speaker E: Well, that seems to be my only job in web three now.
Speaker A: AI artist and professional chamber roaster.
Speaker E: And what an easy job it is.
Speaker A: Yeah, it is. But, Vicky, you got any predictions for us? Eve, BTC, any of these nFt projects? Or maybe, like, how much jail time chamber is going to be looking at for tax evasion?
Speaker E: Yeah, I think chamber is more likely to go to jail than spfdenne. That's probably next year's. Prediction.
Speaker A: Whoa, chamber, it's probably true. You don't have the funds to get out of jail. Like you don't get bail.
Speaker B: Don't put that evil on me, Vicki.
Speaker E: You don't get the bail and go and sit at your parents house and play video games. You know.
Speaker A: That's right. That's right. He's up there. He's up there at his parents house chain smoking for the last 6 hours before he has to put it away until the summer. That's what chambers doing. So, I mean. But Vicki, any, any predictions?
Speaker E: Yeah, I predict that I do have some roasts. If we want to go like that.
Speaker A: Towards the end of the year, let's go there first.
Speaker E: Obviously they're all aimed at chamber.
Speaker A: I love it. Go.
Speaker B: It's not good.
Speaker E: It's not that I don't listen to you, chamber, when you talk. It's just that there's only so much stupid information I can process in one go.
Speaker B: Hurts so much.
Speaker E: Everyone is entitled to an opinion, but yours is always the incorrect one.
Speaker A: And the final.
Speaker E: Everyone brings happiness to a room. You just do it when you leave.
Speaker A: Vicki, we appreciate you so I sorry. I appreciate you so much on this show and I. You bring me joy and I think you bring chamber joy as well. Even though it's all at his expense. Chamber, would you care to weigh in?
Speaker E: Sticking his fingers up? That's just rude, man. I can see you sticking your fingers up at the phone.
Speaker B: Thumbs up. It's only thumbs up.
Speaker E: That's not the thumb.
Speaker A: That's so funny. I mean, look, I've been super pumped that we turned these into spaces. It's much more fun interacting.
Speaker B: I'm second guessing it. I'm gonna be honest.
Speaker A: Look, you were all for it until you became the butt of every joke.
Speaker B: They can talk.
Speaker A: You mean people can tell me what they really think of me? Oh, no.
Speaker B: You mean I immediately get dogged on for my hot take. I don't like any of this.
Speaker A: It's funny. I do want to go back to Riggs though, real quick because I did want to touch on the moonbirds thing really quickly. Riggs, I couldn't tell by your comments earlier on your show, like, overall skill of one to ten, where did you net out there because you had some positives, some negatives, where did you net out on the whole thing?
Speaker C: I feel like this is absolute cop out. But it was neutral. It was like a five. Like out of one out of ten. Like a five. Some good, some bad. I guess my overall sentiment's probably a little bit down after, after the entire conversation. Just because when you think of somebody not, not knowing and not understanding what the North Star is by several different comments of what he said and how he said it, uh, it definitely is a bit of a downer about that. But, uh, what do you, what do.
Speaker A: You think their North Star should be like? What, what is the, you know, where? Because I feel like this is the problem is like community thinks one thing, they're doing something seemingly very different and like, where should they be focusing?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I think what I believe high projects, quote unquote high rise was and should be is a marketplace for one to one artists and up and coming artists to be able to sell and market their products where there's a fee, but also with a social aspect. So, meaning they can set up profiles, we can have one to one conversations, they could begin reaching out to people. However, I was talking about this today and someone goes, so do you think that's building yesterday's technology today, which could be.
Speaker A: So.
Speaker C: I don't know. Exactly. And that's why I'm probably not leading a project that has raised, you know, $60 million where Kevin Rose is. So.
Speaker A: Oh, my God. I can't, every time I hear the fact that I forgot that they minted like 72 million.
Speaker C: Well, they minted 72 million. Somewhere around that ballpark, they raised 60 million. And then on top of all the royalty, I mean, they have plenty of cash and for them to not know where they're going as well as talk about being fiscally responsible. But having always said they were going to take big swings, it's kind of counter indicative of the two. So, yeah, I'm not really sure. I mean, when I talk, I feel negative about it, but maybe my blind loyalty is being tested.
Speaker A: So. All right, final, final time, I put you on the spot today. Your price prediction for Moonbirds end of 2020?
Speaker C: 317.5.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker C: And that's, we won't even have to wait until the end of the year. We'll know by June. July, I believe is around the time we'll find out if they actually are going to be able to produce the products or not.
Speaker A: Interesting. Fair. Appreciate the comments and the, the willingness to put the prediction on wax. It looks like we got Anthony coming up. So Anthony, what's going on, man?
Speaker F: How are you so bunch? I'll put my predictions on wax and these are purely based on, on gut feeling, no facts. So nice.
Speaker A: That's what we like.
Speaker F: I'll go every, that's what ours are down the list and this is, this. This is going to be crazy. I'm going to say bitcoin actually finishes 2023 down for the year from where we're at, I will say eth actually goes up. I think we get a little pump on ETH, especially with the scaling that comes out for the year. I think we see Eth. So I'll say bitcoin finishes the year at twelve is my guess. And I'll take ETH at 2000.
Speaker A: All right, so narrowing the gap there on the.
Speaker F: Yes.
Speaker A: That pairing. So that's an. That's interesting, but because that's historically been like the all time high of the pairing has all. Has historically been around, like all time highs. Like point one. Right chamber. Like.
Speaker B: Yeah, point one's. That's the magic number.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's the top. So this would, this would be.
Speaker F: I think we crushed that. Yeah, I think we cracked.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker F: And that's off the back of mostly macro. I think we have a bad us year in 2023. So I. But I think tech wise, I think there's innovation. So that's why I like eth board apes and punks. I like where you guys were at. Like, I think that's fair. I'm not going to go out on a limb there. I will say my bold prediction and I could give numbers, but between moonbirds, doodles and clone X, my bold prediction is one of those three projects basically ceases to exist by the end of next year.
Speaker B: I agree. I agree with that.
Speaker A: Wow, interesting.
Speaker C: I can agree with that.
Speaker A: Take. Which one's gonna, which one's gonna be. If you ask me, which one of those doesn't exist at the end of next year out of those three? I'm not. I don't know. I don't know which one.
Speaker B: Like, in the same way that soul doesn't really exist right now.
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. They become irrelevant. Yeah, they did.
Speaker F: Like, like in 2024, you would never, you would never consider putting them on your one of seven predictions. Like, you would not even think about talking about them.
Speaker C: I mean, they basically, they basically become the gutter cat gang. I mean.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: And by the way, I can say that joke. I have a big bag of gutters. I'm with you.
Speaker F: Facts.
Speaker B: Okay. All right.
Speaker A: He's got, he's got friends that are of cats. He can say that.
Speaker C: I got a ton of cats in my bag.
Speaker A: So it happens. All right, you like that joke, tabor? I need.
Speaker B: I love that. I think that one is really good.
Speaker A: All right, I like that prediction, Anthony, any others?
Speaker F: Yeah, I got. I got two more one. I think we have another big black swan event. So I think like, similar, not, maybe not on the grand scale of FTX, but I think we have one more big one.
Speaker B: I think it's going to be finance. What do you think?
Speaker F: I don't think it's finance.
Speaker A: If it is, we're all screwed. Oh, my God.
Speaker F: I don't think it's finance. But I think we have one more big black swan event. And I think my third, my last prediction around ute's and d gods is I think nobody is going to be rocking a ute at the end of.
Speaker A: Next year as a. Oh, no.
Speaker B: Well, that's fair. I mean, I definitely won't be able just because I don't, I don't think I rock pfps that long. That's rough, though. If nobody's rock one.
Speaker A: Yeah. Interesting. All right, so then, so would you say that, anthony, that the, is that fair to say that maybe ute's is the one that isn't on the prediction chart next year by this time? No.
Speaker F: So I don't think it goes away. I don't think it goes away per se. I don't think Frank's going anywhere. I don't think dlabs is going anywhere. I think they'll hang around. I think they're going to keep stringing people along for sure. Like, I don't, I don't think they will deliver anywhere close to what people are expecting them to. But for some reason, I just feel like with their move to Polygon, people will forget about the ute's. Maybe everybody transitions back to d gods. I do think the price increase, I think is a good prediction, but hot take. Nobody will be rocking a ute as of next year. End of interesting.
Speaker A: All right, I dig, like, all those predictions and I, I very much appreciate your willingness to come and to bring.
Speaker B: Yeah, milk toast takes, this guy brought.
Speaker A: Speaking of milk toast takes, we've got, we've got Des at the zoo joining us for the last five minutes of the show. Des, what kind of animals?
Speaker G: That was some good audio work right there.
Speaker A: That was b squared. That wasn't even me. Des, what kind of animals are you looking at right now?
Speaker G: So it's a fun game to play with nfts and test your knowledge of. Can you name the project with the animal you pass?
Speaker A: Oh, I love this. Let's close out the show with this.
Speaker G: I got really stumped on only one animal. I literally could name an animal for every single nft project. For every single animal. But I couldn't think of an anteater project.
Speaker A: Oh, I don't know if that exists.
Speaker B: Yeah, it wasn't there one. About, like, wasn't there one.
Speaker A: I'm gonna look on open sea right now.
Speaker B: Crypto dick butts.
Speaker A: Those are anteaters.
Speaker B: They kind of look like only some of them.
Speaker A: Anteater does not come up on a search for Opensea. So I think you're. You're correct. You're. You didn't get stumped. They just don't exist. But fire off a couple of chambers. See if you can name them.
Speaker C: Oh, sorry. Incorrect, incorrect. I just. Replete and crypto ant eater. Nft.
Speaker A: There's actually another one here. Replete ant eater with 200 items, literally zero eth traded one owner, so they maybe never released. We should all just go make offers.
Speaker G: Let's pump.
Speaker A: That's funny. All right, give Chamber a couple of these as a test before we close this down. I also want to get your predictions before we leave as well. No, I literally avoided this show because.
Speaker G: Of my milk toast takes.
Speaker A: That's fine. You got to give us a call. You got to give us a couple. Give us a. But first, I want to hear if.
Speaker G: You could stump change last year's word.
Speaker A: Man. Okay, we went through that.
Speaker G: How about lemur?
Speaker A: Oh, my God.
Speaker B: I have no idea. Lazy lemurs is that one. Lazy lions. Oh, right. Lifted lemurs.
Speaker A: Lifted lemurs are a soul project. They're currently going for .05 soul. All right, you got another one. Let's see.
Speaker G: I can just literally look around what I'm.
Speaker A: What I'm seeing.
Speaker G: Oh, actually, this one I don't know about, like, a toucan. There has to be a toucan.
Speaker B: Yeah, there must be a toucan. Tropical lazy toucans.
Speaker A: There's a polygon collection called tropical eight bit toucans with five items.
Speaker B: Nice.
Speaker C: There is toucan gang, which is part of the eight gang deployer. So that it's that pixel art. So toucan gang, 0.0175 floor price.
Speaker A: I love it. Okay, we got toucan gang. Give us one more. That's gonna stump chamber.
Speaker G: I mean, I think I could give him monkey, and it might stump him at this point.
Speaker A: Let's see.
Speaker G: We found.
Speaker A: Oh.
Speaker G: A leopard.
Speaker B: I have no idea. I have no clue. No clue. I'm not an NFT. I don't know if you guys know this about me. Not big in the NFTs.
Speaker A: The secret is finally out. I think based on your predictions as well, we were able to tell that there's, you know. But the leopard would have got me, too. What's a leopard one?
Speaker G: I just saw it, and it also stumped me. But apparently the artist is called leopard's lunch. That is not quite, like, a weak connection there. But I'm surprised it has a 1.2.
Speaker A: Ethereum looking at that right now. Yeah. Interesting. Oh, leopards lunch. Look at these. Those are interesting. All right, that'll count, I guess, but. All right, before we wrap this thing up, and then we'll be back Friday, I do need your predictions on ETh. Des, give us an end of year Eth, price, and then I want your BaYc and moonbirds price.
Speaker G: Okay, man. Okay, so ETH is gonna be bullish at the end of 2023. Yeah, I'm going bullish. I'm gonna go 21, 50.
Speaker A: Wow. Okay. That's still the lowest out of the three of us. I said 35. And chambers, what did you say?
Speaker B: I said 24, 24, 35.
Speaker A: Yeah. I'm a moon boy. Don't worry.
Speaker F: I like that.
Speaker G: I like that a lot. I think 2024, we could hit in the three thousands again. But 2023, I'm going to stay down at the low tiers. BYc four will go. Yeah, I mean, I just don't. You know, we'll go. We'll go 95.
Speaker A: All right, I was at 92, so.
Speaker B: I'm at 125, Des, and I'm going to go.
Speaker G: Moonbirds 2.2.
Speaker A: Riggs. Riggs in disbelieving.
Speaker B: Riggs. Can't believe it. Off the top rope from Des.
Speaker A: Down bad. Fucking down bad. Down super bad. Anthony, close this out here.
Speaker F: I need. I need one more prediction from everyone. Number of years SBF gets sentenced to jail.
Speaker A: Ooh, I like this one. All right, this is a good one to close out on the, uh, Des, do you want to go first? Uh, sure.
Speaker G: I will say 25. The life.
Speaker A: Okay, so you're going one life sentence then. Uh, riggs, you want to throw. You want to throw a prediction out there?
Speaker C: Yeah, I am going to go with eleven, unfortunately, just with the Elizabeth Holmes, uh, precedent.
Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, that's fair. Um, Vicki, do you have a prediction on SBF?
Speaker E: Yeah. Well, he won't serve a day in jail, but that won't be to do with the trial. I don't. I know. It's sad to say. I don't believe he will get that far.
Speaker B: You think he's gonna get murdered?
Speaker A: Um, I don't think murder. Hot.
Speaker E: Hey, look like that. But again, my big prediction next year is more will start to come out in terms of who's trying to bring the whole industry down, and he's just a pawn in the many people that are trying to stop us.
Speaker B: Freedom.
Speaker E: Zero days.
Speaker A: Interesting. Vicky. Vicky. Full tinfoil hat. I love it for it. I'm here for it. And chamber, what's your guess?
Speaker B: I'm going high. I'm going 150 years.
Speaker A: So the only reason I wasn't going to do that, because Bernie Madoff got insane amount of years or something. Did he get like 100 and. Or something?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And so the only reason I'm not gonna do that is I think he's, like, gonna. He probably is gonna, like, take a plea deal. I think so. I don't know. But then my guest doesn't make sense for that. I'll gonna go. I'm gonna go 70 years.
Speaker B: And that's a plea deal.
Speaker A: No, that's why it doesn't make sense that.
Speaker C: Did you say 7070?
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker C: Holy hell.
Speaker A: 70. They're gonna throw the book at them.
Speaker B: I agree.
Speaker A: Yeah. So. But that is gonna do it for us. Fun show. It's great to hear how terrible we are at this, and it just means that we're all in it together. And I appreciate everybody hanging around, listening to us talk nonsense and make some crazy predictions today. We will be back on Friday afternoon, same time, same place, four to five eastern time. And that is going to do it for us. Chamber, any parting words?
Speaker B: Let's, for SBF's sake, let's hope our predictions continue on the same trajectory. I'm sure if he's listening, like chamber and bunch, they're going high. I think I'll be all right.
Speaker A: That's right. So. And that's going to do it for us. Until next time, stay mint.
