Speaker A: So, first of all, I've never seen this before. It's actually pretty cool. It is a real time billionaires list, meaning it shows you in real time and up at the top, it's really funny. It shows you how much their net.
Speaker B: Worth has changed today just in the last 24 hours.
Speaker A: Just the last 24 hours reflects changes since 05:00 p.m. eastern of the prior trading day. So our boy Bezos is up 8.3 billion.
Speaker B: We call that the chamber bomb. We don't live in a cash society as much as we used to, but, like, I don't know. Do you still have change in your car?
Speaker A: Gosh, I don't know.
Speaker B: Like, I don't.
Speaker A: I mean, I do. It's like. Yeah, but it's, like, sticky and.
Speaker B: Right. It's not what. But I would say, like, ten years ago, you would have change in your car. That was useful. Would you agree?
Speaker A: Yeah, sure. Of course.
Speaker B: So I used to do, like, the equation for changing your car. So say, you know, you're a guy that makes, we'll call it $100,000 a year, and you have $7 worth of change in your car.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: Wow.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Or, you know, we'll just say it was a dollar seven with the change in your car and what that represents as far as, like, your net worth. You know what I mean? Like, how? Like, that $7, if somebody were to break into the car and steal my $7 wouldn't really bother me that much. And then I would do the math for people like Bill Gates, and it's just like, okay, if my net worth is x and their net worth is y, what's the equivalent of $7 of car change? And the numbers were. That's actually astronomical.
Speaker A: Hilarious, actually.
Speaker B: Yeah. I used to do it all the time. I'm like, oh. Like, oh, this person is worth this. I'm like, okay, so that's, like, $137,000 or. You know what I mean? And they wouldn't mind, like, losing that money would affect them the same way losing $7 would affect me. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Totally, yeah. I mean, I wonder how much change Bill has in his pockets right now.
Speaker B: Probably. I'm assuming he's top only. Maybe.
Speaker A: Yeah. All right, are we ready? So, Steve, it sounds like can't come up. So, cap, if you want to come up, jump in here, get the billionaire draft going request up. It'll be me, you, cap, if he's available. And then let's go with the rules.
Speaker E: Is it. Is it living only? Are we talking only living billionaires?
Speaker A: It's a good question. So I don't know if there's a good distinction on this cheat sheet, as if they're living or dead. I assume all of these are living on here. Yeah. Chamber, what do you say? You want to do living only so we can use this sheet here. Yeah.
Speaker B: We're not adjusting for inflation.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Like, if somebody had a million dollars in 1902, technically they would be a billionaire today. Right.
Speaker A: The Rockefellers or whatever, you know, like, I don't think that. I think we want active billionaires. Right.
Speaker B: Unless they were. I mean, like, the king of Siam doesn't count. You know what I'm saying? I don't know if that's a real thing, but I'm sure they were a billionaire.
Speaker A: That was my first round. Picked the king of Cyan. We got Steve coming up. He says he couldn't participate, but maybe he's just move some things around, add some color.
Speaker D: I just need to have my back bunch. If we get in emails in the next. But with the west coast, the hours are a little later. So I can get away with it after this. So, you know, let's do some billionaire drafting.
Speaker A: All right, so we've got. We've got a solid panel up here. Now we've got me, you, steve, cap and paine. I think this is a appropriate. If we all do three, that gives us 15 billionaires that we will have drafted. Does that sound good? Chamber, do we want to go four?
Speaker B: No, I think three is the right number.
Speaker A: Okay. So here is some criteria to take into account. First of all, let's go the little backstory here to describe why we're doing this. And if you haven't listened to this show before, sometimes chamber and I like to have drafts of certain things, different categories. As mentioned before, we've drafted halloween candy a million times, scary movies, nineties music, all kinds of different stuff. And so we got into a pretty epic debate here on Monday that's, you know, sprinkled into Tuesday on coffee with captain around this idea of who the best billionaires are. And so we decided this week we are going to go on a billionaire draft. So the way this will work is we'll decide a draft order here in just a second, and we'll each snake draft one billionaire. So it'll go, you know, and then we'll go back down the same row, and at the end, each of us will have a roster of three, and we will put that out for a public vote to determine who the winner is. Chamber, what do you think about these things to consider on who you're drafting. I've got categories here that we should be considering. Impact on society, which includes things like philanthropic contributions, innovations, employment generation, environmental responsibility, financial success as a category. So wealth accumulation, business acumen, public Persona, I think is an interesting one. Social media personalities, public relations influence, leadership. So what falls under that? Vision, management skill, legacy, long term impact. I like that. Ethical conduct, personal stories, and any other wild card factors. What do you think about that, as far as what we should consider for these categories? Because I think when we initially started this conversation, we were kind of just flying by the seat of our pants. What do you think?
Speaker B: I think those are great criteria. I'm assuming we're going to put this out as a, as a poll after the fact over the weekend. So I think it really just comes down to drafting to appease the masses. Well, that's the draft, however you think so. I mean, full on rapist stuff is, is important to some, but may not be as important to others. Whereas social media presence, you know, same thing. So you really have to kind of make a team that you think would hit on as many of those criteria as possible.
Speaker A: Now, we did get, we did get Mister House and Joe up here. I don't know if they want to participate. I'm open to having them participate if you are. But I want to know, are they, are you guys up here to participate in the billionaire draft or just to make fun of us as we do it?
Speaker B: Joe, both are acceptable.
Speaker F: I'm here for the billionaires.
Speaker A: Okay, perfect. And Mister House, I saw your thumbs up.
Speaker E: They're the odds on favorite. They're tied as the favorites to draft the sharpest draft. But they won't win because the public is not as intelligent as they are, and they won't know who these billionaires are.
Speaker A: I am here for Mister House.
Speaker C: Here for the participation trophy. That's what I'm here for.
Speaker A: Mister House is going to name very obscure billionaires that have done really great things for society that nobody knows, and he'll end up losing, even though he's got a very strong team, is how I anticipate this going down. Chamber, what about a draft order? Here's what I've got. I've got, I just did a little random roll here. We've got cap up first. We've got Mister House second, chamber third, Steve fourth, me, and then Joe.
Speaker D: Can I, can I just, can I just throw out that I would have loved if Chamber was first and cap was second, and Chamber take Elon Musk.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: Chamber takes Musk.
Speaker A: He totally would have done that. He 100% would have done that. Do you feel okay with this draft order? Feel like it's fair?
Speaker B: Yeah, no, it looks great. All right, so what we'll do when we do put it out, we'll put the name of the billionaire and then either the company or the entity they represent.
Speaker A: Yes. Okay, so here's what you will be required to do. When it is your turn, you draft your billionaire and give a short reason why. You can also make fun of someone else's pick when it is your turn as well. But we will draft three each. We should be able to get through this by the time this ends. So without further dudes, cap, you are on the clock.
Speaker E: Yeah. So I want to be like Mike, Tiger, Lebron. The one thing that those have in common is you instantly know who I'm referring when I say their first name. Just like when the 1.01 here, Elon, I believe, will be the only name on this list. That is largely. Everyone on the planet is going to know him by his first name.
Speaker A: Yeah. You went with the share factor.
Speaker B: Is there a company you would like him to be represented by?
Speaker E: So this is the difficult question, because it's, you know, it's disrupted online payments with PayPal. It's completely disrupting the automobile industry with Tesla put it.
Speaker D: Put solarcity. Put solarcity. I think the most famous company, SpaceX.
Speaker E: He'S going to send our species to Mars.
Speaker C: What about the boring flamethrower?
Speaker E: I thought that was shipped product, a flamethrower. So it's hard to pick one company for Elon.
Speaker B: He's disrupted my timeline. Meaning he is.
Speaker E: I forgot he owns this app as well.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So, I mean, yeah, you. You forgot maybe that one, which. Okay, so a little bit quick on Elon. He ranks number one on this list. He is age 52 years old. He has a approximate net worth of 221 billion. If you actually click on Elon on this, there's very interesting. It gives you, you know, a little bio. But the thing that is crazy interesting to me is this wealth history chart, and it shows, you know, the growth of his wealth over time. So in 2014, he was worth 8.4 billion, and then in 2020, it really took off. 2021, he jumped from. From 2020 hits in 24.6 billion to 2021. 151 billion. What a year, huh? How about that?
Speaker B: Sony bought Dogecoin, I think, right?
Speaker A: That's right. That's his first wario appearance on Saturday Night Live. So he is ranked number one on this list, and the number one overall pick, we are going next to Mister House.
Speaker C: Yeah, I gotta, I gotta beat the stereotypes here. I'm going to go with the jacked Gigachad billionaire who secretly runs the Internet because he powers all the servers. We're going to go with Amazon.com comma, the bookshop billionaire Jeffrey Bezos, even though he lost half of his fortune to his wife in a divorce. But we'll still go with them.
Speaker A: Question for you, Mister House. Was this when you were listening to coffee with captain's debate the other day? Is this the side you were on, or would you have chosen Elon, given the opportunity?
Speaker C: No, honestly, I really wanted to go with either Oprah, mainly Oprah, just because I wanted to say everyone on stage gets a book or a Tesla or something like that. And for the pun, value also that while she has great contributions to society, I don't think her contributions as a billionaire are the same to the extent of Bezos.
Speaker A: Fair enough. So a little bit about Mister Bezos here ranks number two.
Speaker E: And I lost Mister House's audio, so I'm going to leave and I'll come right back.
Speaker A: Okay, cool. Jump back up.
Speaker D: Good job. Elon's app. Good job.
Speaker A: Here you go. Similar. He is number two on this list with an estimated net worth of 114 billion. Unfortunately, his chart looks a little different. So in 2020, he was at 113 billion, ballooned up to 177 in 2021, and now is on the downswing. It looks like his net worth is at support right now, though. So, you know, we could get a bounce here next year if you're just doing some ta on, on Mister Bezos net worth. He's also 59 years of age and his sources of wealth here are listed as Amazon slash self made. There you go. That's number two overall chamber. I strategically that must have hurt you in this draft cause I know that's where you were going. Where are you going with the third overall pick?
Speaker B: It's a great question. I mean, there's a lot of players on the table still, but I think I gotta go with the CEO of Sweet Baby Rays, Mister Mark Zuckerberg. I think Zuck is the. Yeah, I think Zuck is the right pick here at number three. You know, 39 years old, youngest one drafted so far. Might be the youngest drafted in this list. It's.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I think the age definitely has to be accounted for here. The rest so far have been in their fifties, approaching 60. And, you know, Zuck here estimated net worth at 105 billion. Man, 2021 was just a great year for all of these guys. Weird yeah, he is actually listed number eight on this list. So if you're just taking the net worth, he's ranked number eight. So potentially some value left on the board for those after. But I think, I think it's a solid pick. So, so far off the board, we have Elon Bezos and Zuck. I don't think that's much of a surprise to anyone. And we are headed to Steve. I feel like those were the top three picks that were discussed the other day. So we're going to have to come off the board a little. Unless Steve's going with, with big Bill.
Speaker D: Oh, no, I got, I had my, maybe my favorite pick on the board is still here. It is off the beaten path. But to quote my co host, Captain Zwingli, Chris Jordan, when you think about Michael, when you think about LeBron, when you think about Tiger, you think about Nike. I'm going with Phil Knight.
Speaker A: Oh, Phil Knight.
Speaker B: Phil Knight was on. Phil Knight was on my show.
Speaker D: I thought you were going to take him from me chamber. I'm like, I was sweating on that pick. So I am stoked. Phil stayed me because after Bezos, I mean, cultural impact, the things that he, I mean, the shoe dog has done so much for culture. I mean, I just. Sports, you can't think of it. Nike, just do it. You know, it's there.
Speaker B: Enhanced by Ben Affleck in the latest biopic about the, the creation of the Michael Jordan shoe.
Speaker D: 27 on the list.
Speaker A: But I thought number one might be going Jordan instead. And I was like, wow, that is a reach in the first round, but super interesting. So we've got. So he's 27 on the list. Phil Knight, co founder of the shoe giant Nike, retired after 52 years at the company in 2016. Pretty interesting. Today, Nike's revenues are nearly 45 billion. Knight has pledged over 500 million in donations to each, the University of Oregon and Stanford, both of his alma maters. And his networks also peaked in 2021. Who would have thought? But interesting pick there, Steve. Pretty solid. So we've got Phil Knight off the board. So we've got Elon Bezos, Zuck and Phil Knight. That leaves me. I don't know where I'm going on this one. Let's go with, hmm, I gotta, I really gotta think about this. All of my initial ones were toast. I'm gonna go with somebody here who wasn't discussed the other day, but has also had a hand in changing the Internet as we know it. I'm going with Mister Larry Page from Google. That was my first pick. Larry Page from Google.
Speaker B: Great pick. The unsung hero of the Internet, Mister Google himself.
Speaker A: There you go. I mean, and board member of Alphabet, Larry Page, stepped down as CEO in 2019, but remains a board member. He founded Google in 1998 with Sergey. And let's see, he's number eight on this list, age 50. So there you go. So we're still on the older side here. Steve had the oldest one in the draft and you had the youngest, so there you go.
Speaker D: Does Sergey Prin get thrown in with Larry Page? Like, I feel like you almost kind of get them as a package dealer. Is that not fair? I let the stage vote, but I think that they're.
Speaker A: I would welcome. I would. I would take both of them, however. Yeah. Cause, like, it doesn't make a lot of sense to leave him open for someone else to take. Like, I should be able to kind of just sweep Google.
Speaker B: Yeah, I agree. Also too, like, families as well. Cause there's these mega rich families.
Speaker A: Like Bill Gates. Does that mean with Bill Gates you get Ballmer or no?
Speaker B: Yeah, if you draft gates, you can't draft ballmertain.
Speaker A: Okay, so wait a second. But what I'm saying is, should I, do I get both of these guys or do I get one and you.
Speaker D: Draft gates and bomber are different. Like, I think Gates has done enough things separately from Ballmer that you can make that decision and bombers done things on his own. I feel like Sergey Brin and Larry Page are intrinsically tied together more similar. Like, you wouldn't take one member of the Walton family if someone wants to go the Walmart direction, right. You just get the Walton family. That's right. I see.
Speaker A: Everybody could technically have Walmart. Right. You just. All right. Different one of them.
Speaker F: Right.
Speaker A: So I think that's the delineation is, um. So are we saying then Sergey's off the board, or do I think.
Speaker D: I think you get. I think you. It's fair to say you get both of them just because I think we'll know package deals when they show up. And I think this is one of those personally, but I can be outvoted on that. But that's my gut feeling.
Speaker A: I'm down with that. Looks like Mister House is down with that chamber. You good?
Speaker B: Yeah, it works for me.
Speaker A: Okay. That's majority. So now we go to Joe. So we go Joe. And Joe goes back to back because we're rounding out the first round. Entering the second, Joe, I'm going to.
Speaker F: Take Gates with my first pick.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker F: I'm going to take Bill and. Yeah, I'm surprised he fell this far down. So I'm taking Bill. I don't really think I need to explain why. I kind of like, you know, globalists that are altering the face of the planet only to the tinfoil hat wearers. So I'm big on that. And then with my second pick, I'm gonna go a little bit outside the box on this one, and I'm gonna take MBZ. So, Mohammed bin Zayed. Why? Well, he's technically the crown prince of Abu Dhabi, but really, he's been named the heir to the entire UAE. So that's $150 billion right there. But on top of that, he's fundamentally shifted the US's approach to the Middle east. And they're building a base over there, and they're building, like, another tower because that last tower just wasn't big enough. And eventually, a 75 year old Tom cruise will go over there and jump off of it, and we'll go watch it happen. So, those are my two picks, the globalist and MBZ. Uh, because if we're going to have to have one of the MB's in charge, I'd rather take the one with the Z who ran his brother in law over with a truck in the desert than the beheader over in Saudi Arabia. And I'm done.
Speaker A: Is he even on this list? Chamber. Did you find him?
Speaker B: Oh, sorry. I'm pulling him up now. Sorry.
Speaker F: He's not going to be on that list. But he's, like. He's, like, currently worth, like, $15 billion, and he's 62 years old.
Speaker A: Fair enough. Spell it for me.
Speaker F: And the zenith. That's what he goes by when you get to be crown prince size. You get to just start going with.
Speaker A: MB, and you just get your. Your initials.
Speaker F: Hey, that dude has shaped that region, you know? And you gotta. And he's altered all of global football for all of us who hate man city. New York football city, whatever the hell. Salzburg, Yokohama, Perth. They basically own a club on every continent at this stage. It's ridiculous.
Speaker A: All right. I dig it. So we've got. We've got the first round done. The first round went Elon, Bezos, Zuckerberg, Phil Knight, Larry. Sergey and Bill Gates. The second round starts with MBZ, and I am coming back on the second pick here. I've got two that I am going between here. I'm also thinking, man, I'm not sure. Give me for this one, man. I'm gonna go with Bernard Arnault and family. The LVMH crown. He's number two on this.
Speaker B: Oh, that's Louis Vuitton, right?
Speaker A: Correct.
Speaker D: Famous for crypto punk pendants.
Speaker A: That's right.
Speaker C: It would be going without saying that he owns apes and punk. So also involved in the crypto space.
Speaker A: That's right. And I'm just going to say the only one so far that we've pulled up on this chart who does not have a declining net worth. He is still climbing. He is from. In 2020, he was worth 76 billion and today, 211 billion. He is age 75. He's got, you know, Louis Vuitton is the calling card there. He acquired the jeweler Tiffany and company in 2021 for 15.8 billion. He, his holding company backs venture capital firm. I don't know how to spell that or say that. Which. But he's got investments in Netflix, tick tock, and parent company Bytedance. His father made a small fortune in construction. Interesting. So he was born. Maybe he's born with it. Maybe it's Maybelline or maybe Louis Vuitton. But that is where I'm going for number two chamber. What are your thoughts here?
Speaker B: I think that's a great pick. Great value pick.
Speaker A: That's where I went to value.
Speaker B: I wouldn't have number two overall.
Speaker A: I didn't come into this draft thinking I was going there, but, you know, you got to play the cards that you're dealt. And so I went with the value pick.
Speaker B: I think you got a nice team in the making here.
Speaker A: Pretty good, Steve.
Speaker D: Shit. I have so many good ones here that are also off the beaten path that I just want to make sure a couple are billionaires at this point. So this is a very subjective list. Right. You said you had some criteria, but.
Speaker B: It'S really, you got to win the votes.
Speaker D: Okay. I'm making sure this person's a billionaire. Sorry, I should have prepared before I did this. There's one that I'm debating. Oh, all right. We're going to go with. I'm between two. I think the one that I'm between, I think the one that's. I think these were both last. I don't think anyone's going this crazy fucking direction. I'm going to go with Vince McMahon. I'm going to go with the man who created an entire industry, who brought millions of entertainment. I think about the attitude era. I think about 8th grade, walking through, seeing my teacher and giving her the sucket symbol. It's like realizing how terribly inappropriate that was now. And I think about those moments and I'm going, I'm. Fuck it. I'm going. I already went. I already went. Phil Knight. I'm going, Vince McMahon and I have some really fucking wild cards in the chamber for my next pick. When it comes around millions and millions of.
Speaker A: Of fans throughout the world, Vince McMahon.
Speaker B: Steve is putting together a team here.
Speaker A: So Vince McMahon, here he is on this Forbes list. He is ranked 1091. So Steve, going with the deep cuts early, his estimated net worth, 2.7 billion. Executive chairman of TKO holdings and owner of World Wrestling Entertainment, third generation wrestling promoter. He grew up in a trailer park in North Carolina and joined his father's small wrestling company in 1972. He purchased it ten years later and then transformed the World Wrestling Federation from a regional operation into a global phenomenon. In 2023, Endeavor acquired WWE in a deal that placed 9.3 billion enterprise value on the property. He is 78 years old. Oh, I didn't see this on the other ones. He has a self made score of nine. There you go. Fun fact about Vince McMahon, my aunt, who is a interior designer, used to be Vince McMahon's designer, and she did his house and his office. And one time I was in Vince McMahon's office. And you were. I was, yes. And he, or she was pointing out to me all of the things she designed in his office. One was this giant, like seven to ten foot long and high. Just like, wall palette of hair. It looked like hair. And I was like, what is this? And she's like, it's pony. What are you talking about? So Vince McMahon has pony hair on his office. There you go. So great pick, Steve. I love Steve's team. Steve's team is fun chamber. You've got Zuck. Who is your next one?
Speaker B: So I feel I need to juxtapose my zuck pick.
Speaker A: Yeah, you could. You could go down a bad rabbit hole here if.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm going to.
Speaker A: Equally as unliked.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm. I mean, I would say liked. I would say more liked.
Speaker A: Yeah. But he's polarizing. So, like, you're going to get a lot of people that are like, hell yeah, Zuck. And then you're going to get a lot of people that just automatically dismissed.
Speaker B: So I'm gonna go right ahead and grab that other side of the other side of the row and I'm gonna go. And I don't. I mean, he's on the list. There's a strong possibility he's not actually a billionaire. And that's Mister Donald Trump, former president.
Speaker A: Oh, wow. You.
Speaker B: I'm putting America as his.
Speaker F: I don't think that dudes a fucking billionaire. If you.
Speaker A: He's on the list. He is on the list. So he's actually. He's actually right near where Vince McMahon was.
Speaker B: Vince McMahon, yeah.
Speaker A: So he's literally right next to Vince McMahon. He's at 2.6 billion on his net worth. And the first thing it says here is a man. A Manhattan grand jury indicted Trump in March, making him the only president in american history to face criminal charges. Now, his net worth chart looks incredible. Everyone else has been on the way up. He is. He is your favorite shitcoin. So in 2014, he was worth 3.9 billion, peaked in 2016 at 4.5. And he had a relief rally in 2021 where he then came back dead cat bounce. Yeah, right. He. He hit a new. He hit the resistance level of 3 billion in 2022 and now on the decline. But he's got a self made score of four. To contrast Vince McMahon, age 77 and same ages.
Speaker B: Is that same age as Vince, too?
Speaker A: I think Vince was 79 or 78, but very close. So these two are just basically arm in arm.
Speaker B: They were buddies, too. I mean, I don't know if they still are, but they were definitely in cahoots.
Speaker A: People tell me I deserve pony.
Speaker F: On my wall. People are saying I'm the greatest billionaire. They say I'm the best billionaire. They say I've had billions, billions of dollars, people.
Speaker B: Unbelievable. He actually has mule on his. On his watch.
Speaker A: I love mule. Mule's my favorite hair. Speaking of hair, I've got mule on my hair. Okay.
Speaker B: I took it. You took it from the wall?
Speaker F: Right off the wall. That's where I get it every day.
Speaker A: My head right to the wall. People are telling me it's great hair. It's bony, it's Bonnie Mule. Anyway, we've got Zuck and Trump for chamber. All the way back to the beginning of round one. We've got Bezos with Mister House. Bezos or Mister House? Where are you going next?
Speaker C: I had a similar thought to chamber to where I really need to take the opposite end. I also feel like we need to introduce a woman into the mix. We've been, you know, just. This is seeming like a huge sausage fan.
Speaker B: Bros make bucks, man. What can I say?
Speaker C: I know. I'm going with a different route. I'm going with. I'm joining Steve. It's not as young, but she is a queen of controversy as well as curves, most recently known for her divorce with Kanye west, as well as her skims product launch and the kimoji. We're going with Kim Kardashian.
Speaker A: What?
Speaker C: I wanted to go Kylie Jenner. You know, I'm a big fan of the Kylie lip kit and Kylie cosmetics, but last I heard, she is no longer a billionaire. She's down to a measly 600 something million. And, yeah, I don't know that I can have any millionaires I want. Strict billionaires.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker C: I can't stand them.
Speaker A: Just like.
Speaker C: So, yeah, I gotta go with the Kardashian family. Huge. Keeping up with the Kardashians fan, all that, all that jazz. So, yeah.
Speaker A: So does that mean. Does that mean you get the entire Kardashian clan? Is that what we're. Is that the sweep of the Kardashian.
Speaker C: Thing is, I'm not sure if any of the rest of them are billionaires anymore. I mean, Christian or might be. I'm actually not a huge Kardashian fans, so I'm not sure of the rest of their net worth. But I don't, since Kylie is no longer a billionaire, that would make me think that Chris would be the only potential billionaire left in the family. Definitely not Kendall, definitely not Chloe, and I can't even remember the third one's name, so, yeah, I have to assume it's only Kim left at this point.
Speaker A: Some. Some other fun facts. Her chart is very interesting. She's only been a billionaire since 2021. So, uh, she's got a. The triangle of billions is what I'll call it, because she peaks in 2022 at 1.8, and now she is sitting here at 1.2 in 2023. She's 43 years old, self made score of four. And obviously she is, uh, you know, mister House did a wonderful job of explaining where and how she is a billionaire here. Uh, Chamber, what do you thought on that one? That's an interesting one. This is. She's ranked. She's ranked. Gosh, what was she on this list? It was, it was 1638. So we got some deep cuts going here. Thoughts on this pick, chamber?
Speaker B: I think great pick. I think great pick. Kim has done a lot over the years, and, you know, I respect Kim Kardashian. I think, you know, she, she's worked hard to get where she is. And, you know, to think it all started with a measly videotape, you know what I mean? And I think she's really turned it around and really impressive.
Speaker D: Kudos.
Speaker C: She's also a law student. People forget that. Yeah, she's a law student.
Speaker B: Unbelievable. I think. Yeah, I think. Great story. Great story.
Speaker A: All right, so that brings us to cap to close out his draft.
Speaker E: So I am stoked.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think. I think Cap is sitting on some value here.
Speaker E: I actually forgot I had the, I forgot I had the snake pick. So I'm. And I got so excited, actually, I've been tilting for two picks. I thought for certain when Chamber talked about his juxtaposition, I thought he was. I thought he was sniping me. And then after Mister House started going, I was certain he was sniping me. Neither did.
Speaker A: And.
Speaker E: But I am following a similar strategy and going with debatably, the most universally, like most of these billionaires, are very polarizing, or in some cases, just downright hated. I think this one is, is the most universally loved. She's also known by her first name worldwide. I will take Oprah to round out the second round.
Speaker A: There you go. Nice one. Hold on, let me look up my fun facts about Oprah.
Speaker D: It's great pick.
Speaker A: It's a great pick. So she's ranked. She's. She's pretty low down on the list as well. I'm surprised that she was. She's not higher here. She's age 69. She is, yeah. Bonus points. 1049 on the list. She's transitioned her hit talk show, which ran for 25 years into media business empire reinvest, vested all of her profits from her show, plus profits from films like the Color Purple, Beloved and Selma, and added, wow. So she parlayed that into an extra, extra $2 billion. She launched her own cable channel, own, and sold most of her stake in the network to Warner Brothers Discovery in 2020 in exchange for shares in the company. She bought a 10% stake in Weight Watchers in 2015, and her sprawling real estate portfolio includes homes in California, Nashville, and over a dozen properties in Hawaii that were weirdly marked with blue paint and somehow just, just totally survived a wildfire that.
Speaker B: Sorry, nothing to do with anything.
Speaker A: I don't know. I'm sorry. Conspiracy Theory podcast. Sorry.
Speaker B: No, that's good. That's good for the Algo.
Speaker A: She has a self made score of ten, which is pretty. That, that's pretty good. However, she, much like Trump, has a declining chart here. She peaks here in 2017 at 3 billion, takes a nosedive to 2.5 billion in 2020, somewhat resurrected to 2.7 in 2021, and now sitting at that $2.5 billion support. Oprah rounds out round two. Cap, back to you again to close your draft out.
Speaker E: How about chat? GPT just gave me a list with Warren Buffett. Ranked number four and number ten on the same list.
Speaker A: Oh, he's that good of a billionaire.
Speaker E: I don't know if I can go there. I'm kind of torn on this one. This is tough.
Speaker A: Do people like Warren Buffett?
Speaker E: I don't think so.
Speaker A: I don't think so.
Speaker E: I don't think he's, like, disliked as much as some of the others, but I think he is. I don't know. I don't think he has, like, a big fan base. I say that and he does. If you've never been to or seen his. Their annual shareholder meeting, it's like a pilgrimage. Like, thousands of people descend upon Omaha, Nebraska, and fill basketball arenas to listen to their annual earnings and their annual shareholders meeting. So he does have. Actually, I'm going to go with Buffett. I've talked myself into it.
Speaker A: Hold on. Okay. So you've got Warren Buffett to close out your draft. I think that's a solid choice. It would have been interesting if he did not get picked up.
Speaker D: It's the chalk.
Speaker E: I'm mad at myself because it's. It's like the ch. It's like the. It's the sharp play. It's who I should pick there. I don't like it.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker E: Like, I feel. I feel Elon and Oprah are two plays I can really get behind. I do not like picking Buffett here. I just. I think it's too much value left at this point in the draft.
Speaker A: Well, you're going to see. That's right. You're going to see people look at your list and be like, oh, this is just strong across the board. You know?
Speaker D: How is this being positioned in the poll, though? Is this like, who made the best list of billionaires and open ended and leave it there? Or are we going to put. Because I think that's probably what you want to say. Like, who made the best list in our billionaire draft? Right. It's very open ended. Is that.
Speaker A: It's a full team effort here. You got to have the top to bottom, the best overall list, the chamber. How would you plan to produce position this on a pole?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think who, you know, who crafted the best team of billionaires and leave it open to interpretation so people can choose their favorite team of billionaires.
Speaker A: Right. So, like, you're. We're not going to influence it by putting things on it. Like, hey, make sure you consider impact.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker D: Who has the most former presidents on their list or something? Because I know Chambers going to be putting out.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: Criteria formerly president.
Speaker B: Like, I am a piece of shit, but I definitely love to win. Honestly. I don't like to cheat.
Speaker A: So historically bad at these drafts. So I'm not too worried about that. So. But just a little, little more on Buffett here. 110 billion in net worth. Known as the Oracle of Omaha, Warren Buffett is one of the most successful investors of all time. The son of a us congressman bought his first stock at age eleven and filed taxes at age 13. That is so, so much earlier than Chamber, who has still not filed taxes ever in his history, has promised to donate over 99% of his wealth. So far, he's given some 55 billion, mostly through the Gates foundation and his kids foundation. So, buddies with Gates, he's 93. Self made score of eight. His, his net worth chart on the up but slightly down. In the last year, he peaked in 2022 at 118. And now he's at one oh six. So caps total team Elon, Oprah and Buffett. Pretty strong. Well done cap. That goes back to Mister House to round out his draft. Mister House, who you got?
Speaker C: Oh, shit. Mean to throw up my hand but I got a, I got another not maybe, maybe the lesser known. I know Joe will definitely know who he is because we've had conversations around this. He's a very eccentric man. He's known for his rapid, not rapid, wide portfolio of both sports franchises as well as sprawling estates. A Missouri man, some would say a Missouri magnate. We're going to go with Stanley Kroenke, but I'm also going to introduce his first name because he doesn't like to use it, which is why he sometimes goes by E. Stan Kronke. It's Enos. Stan Kronke. So, fun fact, because Chamber drafted Trump when Trump hosted WWE. I want to say it was like 2009 or 2010. Stan Kroenke was the co host of the same episode and Trump outed him on air, to which Vince McMahon came out and broke up a brawl. So really bringing the billionaire draft teams full circle here.
Speaker A: Wow, this isn't, this is fantastic. So he is number 138 on this list, I believe it says Stan Kroenke is a real estate and sports mogul with an international portfolio. He owns some 60 million estate, much of it shopping plazas near Walmart stores. What a great strategy.
Speaker C: He did marry into the Walmart family.
Speaker A: So, yeah, his wife.
Speaker C: I've always had a lurking suspicion that he, you know, he front ran some of those Walmart store buildings. But hey, who's to say who's.
Speaker A: Cronky owns the Los Angeles Rams, which he moved back to California from St. Louis in 2016. His sports empire also includes the Denver Nuggets, Colorado Avalanche, Colorado Rapids, and the UK's Arsenal soccer club, Joe.
Speaker F: Arsenal Football club. Thank you.
Speaker A: So sorry. It says soccer here on this american Forbes website.
Speaker F: The Arsenal.
Speaker A: I'm surprised. Was this going to be a pick of yours? Had it gotten to you?
Speaker F: No, I would never take silence, Dan.
Speaker A: He's a major landowner with more than 1.5 million acres of ranches across the US and Canada. Chamber. Now, this person's chart, straight up and to the right. I mean, he had a little dip in two in 2021, where he went down to 8.2 billion, but he has now resurrected that it is on a breakout. And he is 12.9 billion now. Self made score of only six, and he is 76 years old. There you go. So, mister House's draft is, um, where are you, Bezos? Kim Kardashian and Stan Kronke? Solid. That leaves.
Speaker D: Fuck Mary, kill those three.
Speaker A: Go.
Speaker B: It's all Elon.
Speaker A: You're up, Chamber.
Speaker B: Okay, um, guys, I'm surprised none of you followed the news today. Big news today, guys. I just posted it to the top. Taylor Swift, officially a billionaire as of today.
Speaker A: Guys.
Speaker D: I'm devastated.
Speaker E: This is cheating. This is cheating.
Speaker C: How is it cheating?
Speaker A: How is it cheating?
Speaker E: Because you held out. You definitely got this before the show, and you held out on 6 hours ago.
Speaker A: Incredible work. This is incredible.
Speaker B: Tay tay, congratulations.
Speaker E: Good game. Chamber wins.
Speaker A: I don't know, swift.
Speaker C: Hashtags when you post the poll.
Speaker B: No hashtag. I thought I'd win this trade off or something.
Speaker A: I actually don't know.
Speaker C: Stop the count here.
Speaker A: Yeah, I don't know if your team is strong enough to just throw Taylor Swift in here. Like, you've got polarizing figures on here, except for Taylor Swift. Like you need Taylor Swift.
Speaker B: I would argue Taylor Swift is also polarizing for her mid music and grand stanch stature.
Speaker A: Only if you're a football fan is she polarizing. Everyone else loves Tay Tay, but your team is Zuckerberg and Trump first. So, like, you know, you're going to turn some people off with just those two, and then you have to try to rally here with Taylor Swift. However, I have to stop and actually commend you on your hustle and research on this one, because I've never seen you prepare this long in advance for anything in your life. And you hid this one so well. I'm just very. When.
Speaker B: When Mister House started talking about adding a female, I had to start. I had to start talking shit right away like that. Stop thinking this way, guys. And then he said, kim Kardashian. I was. I was completely at a loss. I. For sure. Thought he was gonna say Taylor, but. And then. And then cap did the same thing, and I'm. I thought for sure I was gonna lose her again. And then when I got Cronky for Mister House on the. On the back on the third round, I was. I was ecstatic. So very excited. Taylor Swift, the steel of the draft, I would say at this point.
Speaker A: Talk about, like, up and comer there. That is a pretty good steel. So your team is Zuckerberg, Trump, Taylor Swift. Steve, you are up now.
Speaker E: And she's been on a green candle. Her chart is literally.
Speaker D: Oh, yeah, she's.
Speaker C: She's that altcoin that everyone's looking at, but no one's telling their friends because they're like, is this thing gonna rip? Like, when's this thing gonna rip? And then when you tell your friends, that's. That's when it's at the peak and she's ready to break up, and that'll be the first post breakup album that everyone hates.
Speaker A: Totally. And she. It's like, hey, did you get in on Taylor when she had a $20,000 market cap? Because now she's over a billion, and you would have quadruple x there. Whatever, you know? So, Steve, you are up. Closing out your draft. Phil Knight, Vince McMahon, and I'm trying to recover here.
Speaker D: I'm devastated. At his last pick, first of all, biggest bag fumble ever to go that chamber. Thought Mister House was going Taylor swift, and he went fucking Stan Cronky. Like, that is wild to me. That, that, like, that. That level of difference. And I also, like, do hope the swifties see this. So they have to pick between voting for Taylor and also voting for Donald Trump.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: Like, the concept of that is hilarious, but, all right, I'm gonna get myself back in. I'm gonna get in the zone and go with who I was gonna go with. I still feel like it's a strong pick. Similar direction about a boy with a dream. Born in Brooklyn, New York, grew up in public housing. 24 Grammys and $2 billion later, this self made man shifted the power dynamic for musicians. Of course, I'm talking about the first hip hop billionaire, Jay Zhdemenhe. I'm rounding out with him.
Speaker C: My vote goes to Steve.
Speaker A: This is a great pick.
Speaker B: Yeah. With Jay Z, Steve has my favorite team.
Speaker A: Well, I think that's what that's, you know, part of this, right? Is like, I'm voting for Steve. He picked. He picked three relatively likable billionaires. I think. I think people are going to relate to his team, Jay Z. Very solid pick. Let's. Let's dig into Jay Z a little bit here. He's 1217 on the list. So 1217. With an estimated net worth of 2.5 billion. He is aged 53. He. Yes. Since becoming hip hop's first billionaire in 2019, he has more than doubled his fortune thanks to his lucrative liquor business. What liquor does he have? Do you know anybody?
Speaker E: He's a business Mandan.
Speaker A: That's right. Oh, okay. Here you go. In 2021, LVMH, which I have on my team, purchased a 50% stake in his champagne empire, Brignac, otherwise known as Ace of Spades. Okay, so that's his liquor business. Jay Z sold a majority of his stake in his cognac brand. Oh, wow. In 2023. His other assets range from fine art collection, including works bye Basquiat. And his music catalogs shares companies like Block and Uber. Oh, interesting. Wow.
Speaker D: And crypto punk. Crypto punk.
Speaker A: Crypto punk.
Speaker C: Into the top is one of his, like, most recent ten tweets was tagging Jack Dorsey for his bitcoin academy. And, yeah, the legendary punk PFP.
Speaker A: Fantastic. He's also, it says here he's got no patience and he hates waiting. Interesting.
Speaker B: He's, uh, he's quick to bust a grape in a fruit fight.
Speaker A: That's right. Uh, also says here he ain't past the bar, but he knows a little bit. Enough that you're trying to illegally search his shit. Weird for Forbes to post that, but there it is.
Speaker E: Uh.
Speaker A: All right, man, I feel like I need a little. I think I need a little sauce in mind. There's a lot of very popular billionaires that have come in the last couple picks here. So I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna. I'm gonna leave the value pick on the table. A couple value picks on the table, and I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go with MJ. I'm going with Michael Jordan as my third pick. Jordan is. He is in the top thousand.
Speaker E: Great pick.
Speaker A: Yeah, he's. He's number 955. He's aged 60, approximate three, three and a half billion dollar net worth. Regarded by many. I didn't make this up. It says it here. Regarded by many as the NBA's greatest player of all time. Michael Jordan won six titles with the Chicago Bulls. His salary during his career. Wow. This is crazy to think about. When you think about player salaries now, his career salary totaled 90 million, but he's earned 2.4 million pre tax from such corporate partners as Nike, Haynes and Gatorade. MJ Sports joined sports betting firm DraftKings as a special advisor to the board and investor in 2020. He also became a NASCAR team co owner in late 2020. And Jordan sold a majority stake in the Charlotte Hornets just recently, 2023, in a deal that valued the franchise at 3 billion. Yeah, did that. I'm going with Jordan to round out my.
Speaker B: Do you want to hear an insane fact?
Speaker A: What?
Speaker B: That Victor Wembonyama. The NBA season started this week. Victor Wembanyama, who was the number one overall pick, the seven foot four phenom out of France. He will in the near future make Michael Jordan's career salary in one year.
Speaker A: That's what I mean, it's crazy.
Speaker B: Like, it's not there yet, but, like, in his career, probably in the next five to ten years, his. His salary will be at least $90 million a year.
Speaker A: Crazy bunch of.
Speaker D: Real quick, can you at least for a second, because you read through that stuff very quickly. This isn't a Jordan. This isn't going to be a Jordan troll. Can you think of how. I promise I thought about that, but can you, like, concept how you kind of sped over it? It's both hilarious as well as super appropriate. Michael Jordan sign on as a special advisor to a gambling company. Like, there's something that's kind of funny about that. You kind of glaze past it. But that's kind of wild, right?
Speaker A: Oh, 100%. They're like, they're like, hey, who's the biggest gambling addict we know? Let's get him on the board, right? This guy knows gambling, by the way. I don't think Joe's going to go here, so I'm going to just juxtapose mine really quick.
Speaker E: Phil Mickelson, he was a billionaire, but he actually has lost most of it gambling, but he doesn't really anymore.
Speaker C: Do we think DraftKings gave Jordan, like, a safety cigar clipper, if that even exists as part of the sign on, or what would you think the sign on present was?
Speaker A: Yeah, it's a cigar. It's a. It's a diamond cigar cutter and a meme that says, I took that personally. The. The other juxtaposition you could have gone here was rank 2023 or, sorry, 24 23. LeBron James valued at 1 billion at age 38. So on the same. True. On the trajectory to pass MJ, I would imagine here.
Speaker D: But as with everything.
Speaker B: Yeah, obviously, I mean, better basketball player.
Speaker F: I wasn't going to pick LeBron. That's safe.
Speaker A: But I knew you wouldn't pick LeBron, so I went and did that. But Joe, get in here with your last pick and speaker three.
Speaker F: I know we're getting close to wrapping this up, but I just need to recap something real quick. Okay, cap, oprah house. I might stop talking to you, Kim Kardashian chamber. I know you feel like you pull one out with Taylor Swift. I still think that's bullshit. Um, but come on, guys. It's Rihanna. All right? If we're gonna pick ladies who are billionaires, it's fucking Rihanna.
Speaker A: She was on my list.
Speaker E: I actually did not know she was a billionaire.
Speaker F: Let me just.
Speaker D: I would have said it on her show.
Speaker F: Let me just recalibrate this.
Speaker C: Yeah, Joe, you kind of just, like, dropped the bomb right on me.
Speaker F: I have Bill Gates, who basically owns all the potato fields on earth. If you're eating a potato, it came out of a gates field. I got the guy who owns all the natural gas, uh, MVz. And then I got fucking Rihanna. Like, it's Rihanna. I can't understand chamber. You thought you had to play that clip.
Speaker C: I feel like we were all. We were all thinking for popularity contests, and Joe was thinking, how can I monopolize the world with my billionaire with potato fields?
Speaker D: He got potato fields monopolized.
Speaker A: As he said, I'm.
Speaker B: I'm blown away that she is a billionaire like that.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker D: One safely.
Speaker A: Okay, so this one says 1.4 billion. So somewhere there she is, ranked 2021 on this list. She's age 35. She's got listed here as her sources music, obviously, but also her cosmetic brand. So she's got Rihanna. Barbados most famous export is a billionaire thanks to the success of cosmetics line Fenty Beauty, the cosmetic medics company, which she co owns with LVMH. I'm just saying, look like I've got lvmh on, and they've got hands everywhere. So let's not forget about that when it's time to vote. She also has a 30% stake in the Savage and Fenty lingerie line, which raised money at a $1 billion valuation in Feb 2021. The pop star headlined the Super bowl halftime show for the first time in 2023, during which she revealed she's pregnant with her second child, Rihanna and rapper.
Speaker B: It'S My Child, by the way.
Speaker A: You wish have two children together. First, who was. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She released her first new music in five years in 2022 for the movie Black Panther. She has a self made score of ten. Only 35. Man, this was a great pick, Joe. All right. It. It truly amazes me every time how we're able to do these drafts in a timely manner. Like, we had no idea how this would take, but we. We did it. We got it done. So let's do a quick recap of the whole thing. So team by team breakdown, cap. With the first pick, his team ended up being Elon Oprah and Warren Buffett. Strong mister how.
Speaker E: I think I would rather have taken every other pick that came after me in the last round of the buffet.
Speaker A: All of them, even Stanley Kroenke.
Speaker E: That other than outside of Stanley Kroenke, every. Every other one was a better pick.
Speaker A: I just wanted.
Speaker C: I just wanted to expose him for being named Enos and also owner of Arsenal.
Speaker A: Okay, so we've got Mister House. Also pretty strong team, depending on how you feel about Stanley Kronke, Bezos, Kim Kardashian and Kronke Chamber with definitely the most polarizing team. Going to be hard for the votes. I think it's a strong team, but to get the votes, you need to have cohesion. I'm not sure you have it. It's Zuckerberg.
Speaker E: It's a social experiment. I'd like to congratulate whether he wins or not. It is. It is a. It is the best constructed draft I've ever seen.
Speaker A: It is Zuckerberg, Trump and Taylor Swift. Steve. Steve may be the most entertaining of all of the teams, which I think has a great chance to win in this type of poll. Phil Knight, Vince McMahon and Jay Z. My team is Larry and Sergey Bernard on from Louis Vuitton and Michael Jordan. My team is good, but it's a little boring, I'm afraid. It's a little boring. And then Joe rounds it out with Gates, MBz and Rihanna.
Speaker B: Wow, some good teams out there.
Speaker A: What a good first going to the dj handle, which I think is pain. Pain. Jump in.
Speaker G: Yeah. I just kind of want to take you all through the whirlwind of emotions I went through. So when Chamber grabbed Tay, I was like, wow, that I might have to rock with chamber, even though riggs I know hates a, hates Taylor Swift. And then Steve went and grabbed Jay Z, and I was like, all right, Steve. Like, I was already feel night was already my pick. But then Joe brought it home with re, and I just. I couldn't believe it. So I've been through the emotions of you all. You all did fantastic. Everyone did a fantastic job. I'm kind of mad I didn't get in. Now I feel like I could have snuck some in, but, yeah, I just wanted to. Want to throw that out there.
Speaker A: Now, who. Who would be. Who would have been your pick on here that did nothing. Make the draft? Do you have anybody?
Speaker G: No, I think everyone got cut. That was kind of the crazy thing. Like, actually, it was a good thing I wasn't in the draft because Steve stole my first pick. I can't remember who stole some of my other ones, but, yeah, it. We got some. We got some intelligent people here within the djing community. People better watch out.
Speaker A: I mean, look, all this talk about taking people with. With single first names. Joe stole a show by taking somebody who just has a sound with re. Didn't know that was a thing. Like, I mean, that's a winner right there. All right, we go into mister house, and then we shut this thing down. I can't wait for this poll to go out. Please, everybody, vote on this poll. Share it out. Let's get everybody's opinions on how good or bad we did mister House. Yeah.
Speaker C: So I had an idea for the poll to maximize engagement in addition to just, like, the text and the poll itself. If you send me the list, I'll photoshop like, that cartoon lunch table meme and put all the billionaires, the different tables so you can phrase it and, like, disguise it as which table would you sit at. Right? Because it's kind of the same concept of who has the best team of billionaires.
Speaker B: Yeah, I like that a lot. I'll send you the list there.
Speaker A: Yeah. Cause mine is handwritten, so I hope.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm gonna type it out. I'm gonna send it to the discord.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Cause mine is also written out, and it is embarrassing.
Speaker A: Were you dumb? Like, what? What is our.
Speaker B: You should have seen me spell cronky.
Speaker A: I had the luxury of looking at this list and typing it in in real time, so I think I spelled them all right. The only one I couldn't find was MVZ, but, yeah, so this was fun. I think it lived up to the hype we created all weekend, because this has been a fun debate, and I can't wait to see who wins. Chamber closing. Thoughts?
Speaker B: I couldn't have gone any better than it did. I'm always hesitant. I'm not, believe it or not. Maybe it's because I lose so much. I'm always worried when it comes to drafts. How me.
Speaker E: This was a special request, and I greatly appreciate it. I thoroughly enjoyed the last hour.
Speaker B: It couldn't have gone any better. This was the best.
Speaker E: I don't know what it says about me. Like, it is a. Like, I have, like, irrational exuberance. Right now I am. I am like, like, there's no logic to the, like, the. The dopamine in my body. It doesn't make any sense, but, oh, no.
Speaker A: It was so much fun. Like, this is great.
Speaker B: I think it's also very unique, too, because I was saying a bunch the other day that a lot of podcasts do drafts, and we've been doing drafts for a long time, but I don't think I've ever seen a billionaire draft, and I think it's very cutting edge. We might be, like, the only one.
Speaker A: Doing it right know, and we got some conspiracy talk in there, too, with overhouses in Hawaii. So we're from all angles today. That is going to do it for us on a Friday. I I've enjoyed the shows this week, chamber. I've really enjoyed, you know, this line of discussion. I think we should continue to do drafts, but I do think they should be, you know, based on topics that come up in conversation and not forced because, like, this one was extra fun because the content, like, spanned debates on both shows. You know what I mean? So, like, we can, you know, as these topics come up and you trigger Chris at the gym, we can decide which ones. We can decide which ones make the cut for drafts. And as always, this was very fun. Everybody, thanks for hanging out. Look out for the poll later. And until next time, keep the mic hot.
Speaker G: And you know what they say, mo money, mo problems.
