Speaker A: I don't care about your crypto, boy.
Speaker B: Not even one bitcoin?
Speaker A: Not even one.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: Okay. You're the CEO of being unemployed.
Speaker B: You know, I would love to argue that. I think, you know, at the. Especially at these prices, they would care about one bitcoin.
Speaker A: I mean, absolutely. At these prices. You know, I still think it's hilarious how the. I would say the overall narrative for crypto and bitcoin specifically is where it is. Like, it's not positive.
Speaker B: No, and it's not. It's not a thing that I really see changing much in the. Like, I mean, I think most of the world thinks that crypto in general is bad, and I think that the normies that end up coming in during bull runs are mostly here for, you know, like, the bubble, and then they go away and there's no. I think the. The amount of those folks that come and stay are small. Right.
Speaker A: What do you think the percentages, like, in every bubble, obviously, there's a big, you know, influx of new participants. What do you think the average? Because it's probably this similar percentage, every bubble, right?
Speaker B: You'd think so, right. I think. Although I would argue each bubble probably gets bigger. Yeah.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. Like, the amount of people that come in is more each time, but the percentage is probably.
Speaker B: Percentage that stays probably bigger, but I'm not sure. It's a great question.
Speaker A: It's probably, like, 3%.
Speaker B: I was. Dude, I was literally going to say 3%.
Speaker A: Yeah. Then that. That's officially what it is, then it's. It's. Yeah, it's. It's science at this .3% of all participants stay in crypto canon? Yeah, um, yeah, it's. Are we officially back?
Speaker B: Have you, uh, have any of the. Of the. The normies come for you yet in your. Your mentions, texts, group chats, family gatherings, anything?
Speaker A: No, the first one's always my dad because he has bitcoin, and he will check it, you know?
Speaker B: Okay, so is he. Would you call your dad like, that? Doesn't sound like a top signal. It sounds like dad's kind of, like, mid curve in.
Speaker A: Yeah, dad's definitely mid curve. He's, like, the first of the normies that comes. Like, he. He has, you know, he has a certain amount of bitcoin that. That he has. That he purchased back in.
Speaker B: Is it enough that she would care about it or nothing?
Speaker A: She would care about it.
Speaker B: Okay, so it's a significant amount of bitcoins.
Speaker A: Yeah. He was pico top of 2017.
Speaker B: Oh, so he's. Yeah, he's doing well.
Speaker A: Yeah. And has not purchased.
Speaker B: However, I will say I was also in 2017 and that doesn't mean shit, correct?
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker B: If you look at my wallets, I should be much richer. And I. Yeah.
Speaker A: So he bought Picotop 2017, or, you know, close to the top 2017. He probably got in, like, I would say an average of like, fourteen, fifteen k. Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: Lovely.
Speaker A: Yeah. And, you know, he has the paperest of hands. Thank goodness he's not able to do anything with it because he would have sold the bottom every cycle if he could.
Speaker B: You didn't end up buying your dad's bitcoin that he wanted to sell, right?
Speaker A: He did not sell it to me. I think by the time he brought it up and, like, there was a couple of weeks, maybe a month where we were discussing it, like, it had gone from, like, I feel like twenty five k to, like, 40k, you know, that first.
Speaker B: That first he's like.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So he's the first of, like, the normies. So he has, like, he's been away. He's in. I think he's in Mexico right now. So he doesn't even know how rich he is. So he gets excited and he starts, he starts thinking about all the things he can buy and so he's the first one, so. But besides that, like, nobody, like no non crypto people in my life have come up to me, have texted me or anything. Have anybody in your life reached out yet?
Speaker B: Not a single one.
Speaker A: We're early. Still early, buddy.
Speaker B: I think we are. I will say I'm in a group chat with cap and some of his real life buddies, and they are just doing, I mean, I've never seen the level of cope. Like, they're just like, like feverishly trying to just come up with every reason why they don't want to own bitcoin.
Speaker A: And so you're in a chat with, like, Chris cap.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: That's the one with him and his normie friends.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: And they are. They are reluctant to dip their toes in.
Speaker B: Yeah. They're like the kind of folks that I would say most of them are probably very successful in their lives. Wealthy individuals.
Speaker A: Trad success.
Speaker B: Yeah, trad success. Right. You know, and that type of success, sometimes, you know, you get a little. I know better. And there's no convincing those folks, you know?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. No, I definitely know. That is interesting. That's. But it's fun because all those. Or maybe some of those people will be.
Speaker B: I wouldn't count them as, like, that's normies coming to ask about it because it's a conversation that happens regularly. Like, this isn't. It's not just happening because bitcoin is pumping.
Speaker A: Right. They are parallel to the crypto market.
Speaker B: Because of their affiliation with Chris right there, Jason. I mean, look, I've never seen you talk about an evangelist Chris. Chris deserves, like, some kind of medal of merit.
Speaker A: See, that's the thing. Like, with me, I don't. I don't really talk that much about web three, whether it's, like, NFTs or crypto or Chris doing his.
Speaker B: Chris is doing his duty as a friend. He. This is a group that. The group. The reason I'm in there is it is a group designed to share such information. Right. Like, that's what it is for. It's basically, if you put, like, some of your sharpest friends in a group chat with the idea, it would be, you know, a shared circle of good investment ideas.
Speaker A: Like a think tank.
Speaker B: Yeah, like, yeah, right, exactly. And so, you know, he's. He does his best.
Speaker A: I'm a little offended I'm not invited, but, you know, that's. I get it. I get what you're saying.
Speaker B: Well, like, you know, the thing is, so Chris, he's very good at, like, making the argument and puts in way more effort than I ever would to convince I, my normie friends that. That they should be doing this or that they should at least consider it, right? Like, I'm the person that, like, hey, I'll tell you about it. And if you don't want to put in, if you don't want have the interest to want to even, like, look at it, and all you have is negative things to say, then that's it. I don't need to. I'm not trying to. I don't have time to convince you. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: I feel like, almost, like, even further, like, when people bring it up to me, like, when normal people know, it's usually, like, my mom telling her friends that I'm in crypto and them asking questions, I will give them very surface level answers. I don't want to be, a, like, there's two things. A, I don't want to get involved with their journey, like, at all.
Speaker B: Would you say it's not your journey?
Speaker A: It's definitely not my journey to be involved in their journeys. And b, like, there's a certain, especially for those people, kind of, like you mentioned, like, Chris's buddies. I also don't want to be wrong. Like, I don't want to, like, I told you so moment with those people. Yeah.
Speaker B: You know, I'm saying, I'm pretty confident that cap's gonna get the I told you so here.
Speaker A: Oh, absolutely.
Speaker B: You know, like, that's not saying that these guys. That's not saying that these guys are like, have fun staying poor. They're all gonna be very successful. He's trying. He's just trying to load. He's just trying to pad their pockets, you know what I mean? And that's. That's, you know, they're. They'll stick to their trash.
Speaker A: They're not listening to him, though. Like, I mean.
Speaker B: Well, they sure should. Ain't gonna listen to me, Chris.
Speaker A: So that's. That's interesting. Yeah. So I still think we're early. We're currently sitting at $56,790, $94 for one bitcoin. That's american dollars. In Canada. It's like $72,000. Like, joking. Yeah. Currently sitting at just over $3,200 for Ethereum. Dogecoins. Made of a nice.
Speaker B: What's doge at? I don't have any.
Speaker A: So just almost. At $0.10. Almost.
Speaker B: Oh, okay. So I didn't miss the train there yet?
Speaker A: No, no, no, it hasn't.
Speaker B: Do you think, uh. Do you think a doge is gonna have the same type of run that it did?
Speaker A: I think. I mean, I think so, yes. I think.
Speaker B: You don't think it'll be something new?
Speaker A: There will be new things, like, you know, we saw it with, like, Shiba, Inu and Pepe and.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: You know what I mean?
Speaker B: You know, you keep your hat on this run.
Speaker A: You do keep your hat on. Uh, I think that just cleared like a. I think whiff just cleared a $500 million market cap today. Yesterday. So, um. That one's looking too strong.
Speaker B: I fumbled that one.
Speaker A: Um, our friend from lost, um, you know that we had on the show the other day just. Just tweeted out, I think it was today that the dev from Whiffdeen who sold their bag for about twenty five.
Speaker B: K. Oh, yeah, he was talking about that on our show. Yeah.
Speaker A: So I think he said it was worth 150 million today or something silly.
Speaker B: Could you imagine?
Speaker A: It was a silly number. So, yeah, it was. Or 70 million. I forget what it was. It was a lot. It was a lot of money. So, yeah, no, there'll be those opportunities, too, but I do think those opportunities, too, but I do think those. Yeah, I think those.
Speaker B: We need to discuss some actual strategy here. So, like what, first of all, where do you think we are in the grand scheme of a bull run first. Do you think we are in one? Are you going to like flag plant that this is a bull run where you know, or are we not quite there yet? What's your thought?
Speaker A: So I think we are forming the cup of the cup and handle, meaning.
Speaker B: We'Re going to take a little dip, then we're going to. Then we're going to rocket ship after that.
Speaker A: I think again, I'll just speak bitcoin specifically. Look at this chart. It's so beautiful. It's so cuppy, dude.
Speaker B: I don't even know if you can look at a bitcoin chart anymore.
Speaker A: I'm looking at the weekly. I'm looking at the weekly right now. I think we could touch all time.
Speaker B: High in the next 36 minutes.
Speaker A: No doubt. Honestly, it could be within a few days. If we don't see within a few days, honestly, I think there is the handle that's going to be formed. So I think the cup is. Is all time high. And then the handle we retraced to, you know, 47k again. And then, and then, you know, that's over the course of the spring and summer, you know what I mean?
Speaker B: So if you're sitting at. If you're sitting with a stash on the sidelines.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Are you fomoing into this area or you. Or are you gonna. Are you gonna wait till you hit all time high and try to make that cup, you know, or what were you just like, effort. I'm in. I'm riding with it. Because we're in a bull run. Doesn't matter if it retraces to 47. I've got my holdings and I'm waiting for 200k.
Speaker A: So, I mean, I guess it depends on how you want to look at it if, you know, for people like you and me, you know, we see six digit bitcoin probably in the next twelve months. Twelve to 18.
Speaker B: I don't even know if it takes that long.
Speaker A: I don't think it takes that long.
Speaker B: I've. Within that time frame, I've gotten, like, the bull is flipped for me. Like, literally leaving pennies in my bank account full.
Speaker A: So, speaking for myself, I see the top of this cycle being between 200 and $250,000 per dude, I started.
Speaker B: I somewhat laughed at you when you made that prediction on at the beginning of the years, right? Yeah, I think you're. I almost think it's too low.
Speaker A: So that's my target. And FOMo could change that, but as of right now, that's what my, that's what my thought is.
Speaker B: I just cannot like the way, the way I. We're getting into. We're getting into levels of this ETF stuff where, like, who's going to sell you a fucking bitcoin anymore?
Speaker A: Right? That's a good point. My dad.
Speaker B: Like, you're getting into. You're getting into, like, super distribution where, like, the people who hold it are not ever giving it up. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yeah, once a pain. I dont know if youre listening. I think I bookmarked some bitcoin ETF numbers. I think if you look in our bookmarks, if you post those to the top, youll see all of the different ETF's. And I think weve done. I think it was. I think it was yesterday or today. We did like $3.5 billion in ETF trading, and there's a breakdown of it, so we'll get that posted to the top.
Speaker B: But the numbers, just another casual 515 million yesterday, courtesy of. Courtesy of Cap, who posted this chart to his friend group. Total. Total since the passing six. This is in millions. 6024. So, wow. Six, Billy.
Speaker A: So, yeah, this one was from watch average.
Speaker B: From average inflows on a day, 194 million. The max on any single day, 655. That's crazy.
Speaker A: Yeah. So this tweet here is from Watcher guru. Just in total.
Speaker B: Yeah, but that's like. Sorry, go ahead.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's a total spot. Bitcoin ETF trading volume surpasses 3.24 billion today. Blackrock leading the charge with 1.3 billion. Then grayscale fidelity and then down the list like it's wild phonics.
Speaker B: Just says in the war room, one last super cycle before institutional money controls a majority. The crypto cycle of all crypto cycles, then prices stuck in stagnation for decades. See gold post ETF. I love that.
Speaker A: I agree 100% with this. Yeah, this is the last one. This is.
Speaker B: He also says doge is dead. Chamber. No new ath coming. Listen, so put your hat on, son. Put your hat on.
Speaker A: If Elon starts tweeting about doge, it's over. Like, that's the correlation with doge and.
Speaker B: Elon specifically, is what I think mean, anything can happen. It leaves the window open.
Speaker A: Correct. If it was anything else, I would be with phonic on this, but.
Speaker B: But I definitely am starting to think that he is 100% right on this. Like last cycle. Right. It's like, who after this? Who's selling a bitcoin? Like, who? There's none. There's not going to be any left because everybody, this institutional buying for ETF's is going to get out of control. You're going to break all time high and you're just going to see supply side shock and it's gonna get. I think it's gonna get nutty and, like, I'm. I'm a little late to, like, pushing it all in because it's happened pretty quickly. Right? Like, I did it and then I got shaken out last time because I was like, oh, shit, there's a lot of Barry Silbert coins to sell. Yeah, I thought there were. I thought there were maybe a little more berry coins to. To sell than there. There may have been. So, you know, I got shaken out. I was like, oh, maybe I could get to push back all in. And that didn't happen. So I lost some money trying to do that. So my. I'm not going to do that again. I'm just going to, I think, get in and stay in, right?
Speaker A: Like, yeah, I think you have to have your. Your. What do you call that? Your north star? Like, your north star needs to be the price you. Is that what it is? Have I been cairo the whole time? But I think that's what you really need to focus on. Like, what most people need to focus on is what do I truly think this price is going to this particular cycle? And then keep that as your focus and then kind of eliminate the noise.
Speaker B: So I saw something today that was interesting is like, you know where once we broke all time highs, last time we went 250% higher. So, you know, you're talking that 200k number, right? Like, that's. That's what happens. 250% higher than where we were, right?
Speaker A: I can handle that. I can. I can handle 250. I just. This is it. This is our last after this super cycle. We're done podcasting.
Speaker B: Oh, please. Yes. Look, and now, you know, I'm here for it, for this super cycle, because, you know, it's gonna be fun when we're all making money, right?
Speaker A: Yes. Because that bear market. The bear market after the super cycle is gonna be. It's. It's Black Friday.
Speaker B: Is it, though? Like, in theory, we're all rich, right? Like, for us, we'll be rich enough. The new people is rich enough where, like, even a little. First of all, if this is your first one, don't forget there's a possibility it retraces 80% after, whenever it's done. So just make sure you know that. And. But I don't know. I think. I think. All right, here's a question for you. This is your. Technically, your third rodeo.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Your first one went poorly, right?
Speaker A: Correct?
Speaker B: Yes. Your second one, I would say went well.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Would you say you have. You. Would you say you maximized your second one?
Speaker A: No, I don't think anybody really, Max, like, this is a no, I didn't maximize it. I did extremely well. I mean, we can talk real now. I'm not scared to talk real numbers. We can talk real numbers. I started.
Speaker B: Whatever.
Speaker A: Well, to give people some perspective, I started. I put roughly cad15,000 in that first cycle.
Speaker B: So that's like, I don't know, 30. Stanley Nichols 450. Shrieks.
Speaker A: Call it, like, twelve k. Ten k.
Speaker B: Twelve k. A modest size. Nice starting point. Like, for somebody with a starting bankroll, that's a good amount of money.
Speaker A: Correct.
Speaker B: And it's much more than most people started with in any of their cycles. Let's say that. I mean, there were people last cycle that started with $500, turned it into goshen.
Speaker A: Children did this. Yes. Children living in their basement just made significantly more money than I'll ever make, which is upsetting. I have roughly made. So banked and spent maybe like, 350k.
Speaker B: Okay, nice.
Speaker A: So, I mean, in the grand scheme of things, that's phenomenal. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Yeah. But in crypto, it makes you feel poor.
Speaker A: Poor as shit.
Speaker B: Right? I can't do that.
Speaker A: Like, I could have made. Had I max, like. So when you throw around the word.
Speaker B: Maximize, the answer is no. And I was leading you that way on purpose because I know, I know the answer is no. I know the answer is no for me. And that. And it makes me want to bring up this tweet I saw from our old buddy cred today. Uh, and so I think, you know, as you mentioned, like, keep your number and your target in mind. I would also say, think about this tweet. I really liked it today. Think about this tweet heavily. Decide which camp you're in and be okay with your outcome. Knowing you, you stuck to one of these. These things, right? And so, cred, one of the best traders, I would say, out there, he's been around since 2017 ish as well. Bull market regrets take two main forms. One, not betting enough to not keeping enough to fix. One, you size up and bet more, including more overall portfolio leverage, less liquid bets, and holding through unreasonable price moves and valuations. The cost is higher portfolio volatility, higher risk of ruin, and a likely significant haircut of your portfolio all time high. If done well, you make a lot more, but keep less. I would say that's what I fell into last cycle. That was me last cycle. My all time high was wild. What I ended up keeping out of that made me sad. Like, you know, but this was, and I can't say that I was purposely doing this. I was doing this unconsciously in terms of, like, I don't think I had a plan. Right. And so, but I would say I fell into this bucket number to fix number two, which is not keeping enough. You take profit on the way up, generally become more conservative the longer the trend continues, fewer illiquid bets, less leverage, more taking profit and trade management. The cost is less upside and potentially wasting a cycle of opportunities. If done well, you make a lot less but keep a lot more. Crucially, you're unlikely to fix both at the same time. Thick. Pick your poison. I think that's a very important message at the end. Would you say that's accurate?
Speaker A: I would say that. I mean, yes, Craig is a very knowledgeable person when it comes to this. So I would, I would say that's very accurate.
Speaker B: So what's your strategy going into this one?
Speaker A: Honestly, I have no strategy.
Speaker B: This is why we do this, because you need a strategy.
Speaker A: Well, see, I would argue for me that the opportunities where I've made money, I did not foresee them coming.
Speaker B: That's not necessarily what I'm saying, though, in order. So by the sheer fact that you said you don't see those opportunities coming to me, put you in camp one. Right. Because you're more, uh, you're more willing to jump into something as it comes, rather than bucket two, which is a much more conservative approach. Right. So I would say just the sheer fact that you even are open to that puts you in bucket one, to me.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that that's correct.
Speaker B: Because then what's going to happen according to this tweet? And I think what you've seen and I've seen is like, you jump in and because you're open to those things, you may take one too many and that last one you take cuts you down, and then you might take one more and it cuts you down. Right. So, like, that's what he's saying here with this tweet.
Speaker A: Well, that's exactly it. So, and I mean, just speaking for myself, like, when you may, especially when you make a good trade, and I think that's what he's saying here is like, if you, if you, you know, make a. Yeah. Hundred x on something, and you are so likely to lose a good chunk of that in the next 3456 bets. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Correct.
Speaker A: And that, speaking for myself.
Speaker B: And what happens is people tend to bet bigger as their bankroll grows 100% and they feel like he's watching my over. They over bet their edge in scenarios like this. And I was totally guilty of that last time, and that's what ended up, unfortunately, having me keep much less than my portfolio all time high versus being much more conservative of pick your horses and ride them. You don't get as many or any hundred exes and things like that, but you keep a lot more of what you make.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, that makes sense. I prefer my way.
Speaker B: There's probably a hybrid of one and two that does work, right? And I would argue, like, it looks like this. It's like you take what you have as a bankroll, and you should treat it as a bankroll if you plan to. If you plan to do anything but buy and hold, it's a bankroll. Meaning you need to really consider your sizing for things and allocation for things and things of that nature. It's not just an investment portfolio if you're not just buying and holding, in my opinion. Right. Like, you need to really treat it as such or you're going to end up fucking.
Speaker A: And I think, to your point, using, like, percentages of your bankroll as opposed to, like, you know, oh, I'm going to bet one eth or I'm going to bet ten soul. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: As opposed to I'm going to bet 1% of my bankroll or, so this is what.
Speaker B: This is what I do in sports betting. My average bet size in sports betting is a 1% of my bankroll. That leaves me, you know, the ability to have a hundred unit bankroll. And I can adjust my risk based on my edge I have. Right. So the same thing would be true here. Right. And we know as price goes up, one ETH doesn't necessarily stay the same amount of money. And it gets kind of scary sometimes.
Speaker A: So I was literally just.
Speaker B: My point was like. My point was like, there's a hybrid here you could take. And I think that's like, allocate what you want to be your buy and hold some of your bankroll, and don't touch it. Just don't touch it as a percentage. Yes. And then you give yourself. Then you give yourself the thing that you can go and wager with. Right. And the thing you can go and, you know, look for your hundred x's with. And I think you are doing yourself a much better service there as in terms of, like, being able to maximize what you keep. And, you know, if you're going strictly by this tweet, it means, yeah, you're not going to catch as much of a gain because you're not using your whole bankroll, you're using x percent, but you're still likely to keep much more of it in my opinion.
Speaker A: Yeah, that makes sense.
Speaker B: So, yeah, I just, I mean, like this, I'm, I'm, I'm getting to the point here where, I don't know, I'm like refocused. It's time, like it's been time to pay attention, but now it's really, really time to pay attention. In my opinion.
Speaker A: It's about to get crazy.
Speaker B: I think so.
Speaker A: And again, I still think, I still think the craziness doesn't happen until later this year.
Speaker B: Yeah, but, like, now's the time to get your money in, though, right? In terms of like allocate. Like if you're sitting on the sideline, you need to have a plan. And like, for me, I'm like getting my whatever. I'm not holding. I'm getting my money ready. Like I just moved, I just moved a huge part of my, you know, sports betting bankroll back into crypto because I'm not going to outperform the market. I'm not stupid enough to think I'm going to, you know what I mean? And so, like, that's money that needs to be here. Riggity, riggity wrecked, son.
Speaker A: We'll wait for bunch come back. I know circles has been very patiently raising his hand. So we'll get to, we'll get the hands real quick. Circles, how are you, sir?
Speaker B: Doing good. Doing good.
Speaker A: Had a very shenanigan skilled question for you.
Speaker B: You earlier were referred to or referred to yourself as the Cairo of this current era. I was wondering if you are Cairo.
Speaker A: Who is the RC? You say Cairo, I talk about Cairo like I know who he is. I barely know who Cairo is. I believe that's Kevin Rose. I don't know what he has or hasn't done. And then there's an RC. This is another person.
Speaker C: Ryan Carson.
Speaker A: Oh, Ryan Carson. Okay. I get both of them confused, to be perfectly honest with you, circles, for a long time I thought they were the same person.
Speaker C: Hey, Chamber. So K Rose, Kevin Rose gives you socks and fanny packs.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: And Ryan Carson gives you popes.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker C: That's how you remember it.
Speaker A: So I am more of a K row guy because I have so many fanny packs and socks.
Speaker C: So, yeah, you're a K row. I love the K.
Speaker A: Bunch. Is back. Yes.
Speaker B: I am back. Yes.
Speaker A: Okay, cool. I wasn't sure if it was me.
Speaker B: No, it was definitely me, but I don't know what happened there.
Speaker A: Who's the, if I'm the K row, who's the. Is, are you the Ryan Carson of this group?
Speaker B: Me?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Fuck, I hope not.
Speaker A: Who's worse? Who's worse, Kevin Rose or Ryan Carson?
Speaker B: I actually think Ryan Carson's worst. If I had to, I think Ryan Carson's worse, if I had to guess, I mean, if I had to, you.
Speaker A: Know, can we put out a poll? Pain. That's something I want to know. I'm curious. I don't, I don't have a horse. I don't have a horse in this race. I would like to know these things. I know t row, you had, you had your hand up as well. Did you have a question?
Speaker C: No, I don't know about a question, so more of a comment. I think chambers, like the kid that, excuse me, forgets to do his homework and lucks out the next day because there's a substitute teacher and you don't.
Speaker B: Have to turn it in.
Speaker A: That's my brand.
Speaker C: That's him in crypto. He's like, oh, I don't have a plan. I'm just going to wait for number to go up and I see a little cup and a handle and I'm going all in.
Speaker B: Gosh, you know, here's the thing, though. I actually think that's, that's probably, in this market the right way to do it in the sense of like, me. On the other hand, my, my curve is in line with my looks very mid, right? Like I mid curve. I'm mid curving far too often in this where I should just be.
Speaker C: I would disagree.
Speaker B: Aping like there's the, I need to follow the monkey brain more, I think. And just, and sometimes that costs me money in a lot of different ways and sometimes it loses me money. So I don't know.
Speaker A: No, that's, I hope we all make a little bit of money, to be honest. This cycle. I hope everybody makes year changing money if not life changing year to life. Year to life changing money. Like, like five years to life changing money.
Speaker B: Yeah. Like a Sam Bankman fried sentence amount. One year to life.
Speaker A: I heard the term wife changing money and I don't.
Speaker B: Not a fan of that one.
Speaker A: I'm with you. You know what?
Speaker B: Not a fan of that one.
Speaker A: I love my wife.
Speaker B: My wife deserves this money more than I do.
Speaker A: I would agree with. I would say the same thing. It's a lot to put up with.
Speaker B: My wife's a goddamn saint.
Speaker A: I'm sure yours is very similar to it. Like, mine doesn't bring up any. Never stresses me about any crypto trading ever. She just lets me do my thing, and as long as there's money in the bank account.
Speaker B: That's exactly right.
Speaker A: She's good to go.
Speaker B: Yeah. The only thing I need to be better about is I need to be better at the, like, contingency planning of all this stuff.
Speaker A: This is something we go. My wife and I have a quarterly review of what to do.
Speaker B: See, I'm not even that good. I need to.
Speaker A: She just needs to be able to access my laptop.
Speaker B: Yeah, and call you and.
Speaker A: Exactly. And then call. And then call bunch. I have a book. I showed her where to go in the book. It's in our safe. And, you know, hopefully, you know, bunch doesn't rug us. That's.
Speaker B: No, I would never. I would tell. I would instruct. Well, no, I would never rug you, but if some. If for some reason we're on the same plane, I would just instruct my wife to take some sort of cut. That's it. You know?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: In case you and I are in the. In the same bus accident or something.
Speaker A: That is true.
Speaker B: We are both looking to access our fund.
Speaker A: Are you. Are you insured properly as well? Cause that's another thing.
Speaker B: Like, it's an adult, like, life insurance.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: I need. I was actually just thinking about this recently. I need more life insurance now that I'm. Now that I'm, like, getting to this age.
Speaker A: So the last bull run, when I started putting, like, what I would call real money away, you know, I hired a financial advisor and stuff.
Speaker B: Private investigate. Oh, sorry.
Speaker A: Private investigate. But we really maxed out my insurance, and that's made me feel so good. Where I am covered, significantly covered. If we are both on a plane together and that crashes, because I know she won't be able to access any crypto stuff if we're.
Speaker B: I hope we all make life insurance.
Speaker A: Changing money, that's what you need. Low key. Like, just millions of dollars of life insurance is. Is where it's at, man.
Speaker B: I mean, yeah, people are going to, like. There. This is going to be a big run. If it. When it happens, it's going to happen. Bitcoin's just the leader of all this. Like, I'm also. I mean, I've recently. Speaking of cap, I sent cap something today that I watched last night. It was one of those nights where like, I just like, couldn't sleep, all I could think about was making sure that I was properly like, allocated to be ready to do this stuff. And I ended up down this rabbit hole of Michael Saylor videos. Yeah. At like 04:00 in the morning. And I got to tell you guys, my new hero, like, he's just, he's just on another plane than anybody.
Speaker A: And, you know, he almost has 1% of the supply of bitcoin and he's.
Speaker B: Not going to stop buying it ever. If you listen to him, he's so, but like think about what he, his strategy, I think is actually so, you know, ETF aside because that's obviously going to be institutional buying. But like, I think his strategy is eventually going to get adopted by other companies when they see this stuff. Like, the longer and longer it goes, I think his strategy is going to be adopted. The video specifically I was watching, it made so much sense to me that it's like, holy shit, I can't believe everyone is not doing this. And the video is specifically talking about, let's see, I'll pin it up top because it's worth your ten minutes. But basically he was saying tldr of it. Can you hear me?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: The TLDR of it was that he's comparing essentially why his company is buying a bitcoin rather than other types of stock. And specifically meta Google Nvidia, what they call the magnificent seven more. So why normal people shouldn't invest and buy these stocks and they should buy bitcoin instead. And I thought was really interesting and the common thing you hear of, oh, why people don't want to buy bitcoin versus a stock is like, well, it has no cash flows. It's just this greater fool theory. It's a Ponzi blah blah blah. And he's making the argument in this video of, yeah, cash flow is actually a bad thing in terms of how do you value a stock? Because he's like, that has to happen for a company year over year over year over year and it becomes impossible over time to beat what you did last time in terms of cash flow and earnings and dividends and all of these strategies that these companies use to boost their stock prices. And hes like, you dont have to worry about that shit with bitcoin. He goes, bitcoins property and if it becomes 100 times the price it is now, its 100 times more valuable. Simple as that. And im like, oh, okay, this makes a lot of sense. And the line he says at the end is like, so mind blowing to me, because I talk about this. I use this phrase a lot. Digital transformation. He calls bitcoin the digital transformation of capital. And I thought that was, like, very mind blowing to me. And so I'm orange pilled from Saylor again. I don't even know how to think I'm gonna get his face tattooed on me at some point.
Speaker A: Well, you know, there's worse tattoos to get. You could have a tramp stamp, which I have.
Speaker B: I'm gonna have a sailor tramp stamp is what's gonna happen. All right, are we done talking about bitcoin? You wanna keep talking about this?
Speaker A: No, we gotta talk. I wanted to talk. I wanted to get your perspective on the crypto influencer fight that happened over the weekend. Did you see.
Speaker B: First of all, I need. Did I see it? If you listened to our show on Friday, first of all, congratulations. Did you get paid out on your bet?
Speaker A: What do you think?
Speaker B: Of course, if I had to bet, I would say that you did get paid out on your bet.
Speaker A: I did not.
Speaker B: Oh, wow. I'm surprised.
Speaker A: All right, well, I like to follow up. I don't have to follow up.
Speaker B: Well, Riggs is listening, so he's got all the information. What does he need?
Speaker A: I mean, he needs to press send.
Speaker B: Yes. So. But of course, I saw the fight, and I streamed it in the war room for everybody, which was awesome.
Speaker A: That's how I watched it, by the way.
Speaker B: It was fun.
Speaker A: I watched that. It was fantastic. I don't watch mma fights. It was fantastic. It was amazing. And I watched probably three or four of the actual fighters, like, the real fighters, and then I kept thinking bit boy was going to be the next one, and then they finally go to. I watched three or four of the regular fighters, and then they start talking about influencer fights. So I'm assuming bit boy is going to be next. Then it turns out there's five fights happening after the real fighter. So there was ten crypto influencers that fought with Bitboy and what's his name? More lights.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker A: Big lights.
Speaker B: Yeah. Sonic inu blast.
Speaker A: Yeah. Saw. I don't know what his name was. That was the last fight of that round of fights. I thought every single crypto influencer fight was phenomenal. There was one guy that looked like he was going to get his absolute lunch eaten, and he ended up accidentally popping a guy in the eye, and I thought his eye fell out. It was wild. It was all just bleeding. Holy shit. Every fight was fantastic. And then the best fight of all of them was the bit Boyden fight. It was magical. I was laughing and yelling at the screen. Like, it was. It was amazing. Like, within the first 15 seconds, bit boy gets popped and falls to the ground. And I'm like, oh, this is gonna be ugly, and it's gonna be over quick. And it ends up going three rounds. And then there's this weird thing in this karate. I forget what it's called. Karate combat, I think it's called.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Where I guess it's, you know, it's three rounds. However many rounds there is, it's three rounds. And then if it's, like a decision, like a draw, they do an extra round for basically all the marbles. And sure enough, it went to overtime, as I'll call it. And bit boy was worth every penny. Like, the. Worth. Worth the price of admission. The faces he was put. He. You see some of the mad dogging he was doing out there?
Speaker B: Oh, man, he looked. He looked scary. Like, when we were looking at the. First of all, I need to issue a formal apology to bitboy, because I didn't think he stood a chance and proved me wrong on that aspect. But, like, when you saw that pre fight video we were talking about the other day, like, it looked very fake tough guy, you know? But. But by the time the fight went on, you saw, oh, no, no. This is meth tough guy. And, like, he was fully geeked out, like, ready to run through a wall.
Speaker A: Well, apparently, the other guy, too, is. Apparently. I might be wrong, but I think I heard that during the launch of their token, he was smoking meth, like, lie on a live stream, like, the other guy was.
Speaker B: So, wait, the shiba inu guy or the Shiba Sonic guy?
Speaker A: I might be wrong, but I'm, like, 75% sure that that is correct, that the shiba whatever. The guy. The other guy was on a live stream during the launch of a token and was smoke and meth. Don't. It's not 100%.
Speaker B: Well, I mean, I wish I knew that, but I handicapped the fight, you know?
Speaker A: Yeah, it was. It was phenomenal. I only want to watch crypto influencer fights. I did put. So, for the record, bit boy did tweet out, who's next?
Speaker B: I know. Weekend, you threw us in there, and I don't know if our challenge was accepted. I gotta say, I'm not looking forward to that.
Speaker A: I like the idea. No, you know what? I like the idea. So a bitboy and j change, who's his podcast partner. I know they're still buddies, and they still do things together. I don't know if they actually do a podcast anymore, but they definitely did do a podcast together at one point a few years.
Speaker B: Yes, we were guests on it.
Speaker A: We were guests on it. Both of them were absolute sweethearts. And I really like Jay chains a lot, but I think that would be a fun, you know, tag team. I think it would be like two on two, not tag team. Four people in the ring just kicking the piss out of each other, you know, I think that would be fun. I think. I think, and I honestly think we would win. I think we would win. I feel good about it. I think. I think bit boy would come in overconfident because, you know, he's the reigning champ.
Speaker B: Look, I think our only chance is if we up the cardio. We got like, oh, yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: Well, this is like, this is like.
Speaker B: You gotta have the endurance to win. Like, when I watching that fight, you could see they get tired towards the end. If you can outlast the stamina, if you win the stamina battle in these, I think you've got a good.
Speaker A: They were selling wolf tickets at the end of that one. They were, yeah, they were. They were blowing high, Doe.
Speaker B: All right, I want to go back to a couple comments here, uh, real quick, because we got a lot in that con, in that conversation. We just had one reminders up top for coffee with captain for the rest of the week, every morning at eight. They've been spicy lately. Uh, this one from Carrie Ross, I thought was worth, uh, an explanation for from you, chamber or myself, whatever. Um, if it is, in fact, your first, quote unquote cycle. So, uh, Carrie says, what year was your first cycle? Is a cycle the four years of BTC or number of years or bare bull. I get confused. So appreciate your response. Would you like to define a cycle?
Speaker A: Yeah. So I would say a cycle is anytime we see a new all time high with follow through in the crypto market. So the overall crypto market, cap, whatever, we see new all time high, plus price discovery, I think that's one cycle. And then we see a big, usually see a big retracement, 80% or so. And then we rinse and repeat. So when I started, it was Karen. It was literally the absolute top of the first that.
Speaker B: Yeah. Like, literally it just hit all time high at 20k.
Speaker A: Yeah. I started in, like, November of 2017. By January 10 of 2018, the party was over.
Speaker B: And then it's a two year bear.
Speaker A: Yes. And then rinse and repeat. So then we started to.
Speaker B: I would define this most recent cycle as like, 2021. Right. That run up or maybe late 2020 to 2021 was like, the bull part of the cycle. And then starting from 2022 two to now, this is one of the longer kind of bear market cycles I think you and I have seen.
Speaker A: Is it like I was trying to think of that. I wasn't. It doesn't feel longer, but it may be longer. I'm not sure.
Speaker B: I think technically it is, but, like.
Speaker A: If you were to ask me which one was longer, I would have thought that first one felt long. Like 2018 to whatever.
Speaker B: Like that to 2020, 2021. Yeah. I mean, it's. They're around the same length, so, I mean, they're kind of typically in sync with the having as well. So you're not too far off. Uh, Kerry. Like, they are kind of together. Right. It's this, you know, 18 month to two year bull cycle. And, you know, after that, it's the retrace when everybody sells off and it feels like nobody's here anymore and we're just talking to ourself and our three closest friends on spaces. Yeah, right.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker B: Okay. We're going to Riggs because Riggs owes you some money. And. And then I got to finish it with one more tweet up top that made me feel very old. All right, Riggs GM.
Speaker D: First off, apologies for not getting it to you. The transaction hash is in the comments. It's paid my college.
Speaker B: There we go.
Speaker D: It was one of those where I woke up in the middle, so I stayed awake to fucking watch that thing.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, you were out with Misses Riggs dude.
Speaker D: Well, we came home because we were semi intoxicated. And then I'm sitting there trying to watch she passes out in the bed. I'm trying to watch it literally on my phone in the discord.
Speaker A: My wife passed out to it. I watch it on my phone, too.
Speaker B: I fell asleep.
Speaker D: The fight before he did. Then misses Riggs may or may not have gotten a little sick on her stomach from maybe the booze at 03:00 a.m. hence why went into discord and said chamber, just send me your wallet at 03:00 a.m. then I woke up and I totally forgot to fucking do any of it. But I've sent it to you.
Speaker A: I did. It is confirmed. I do see it here.
Speaker B: All right, so we've got a successful transaction here. We're good to go. I would never have. I would never imagine Riggs would welch on a bet, so.
Speaker A: No, I wouldn't.
Speaker B: You're. You were in good hands I'd say the whole time, let alone hundred dollars.
Speaker A: I mean, let's be real.
Speaker D: I am not going to sit and get shredded day in and day out for bailing on a $100 bet ever. That would suck. Secondly though, I do want to throw in there. Is there, do we know if there's way to apply for karate combat or challenge people for karate combat? I mean, I don't want to like race to get punched in the face, like don't get, don't get. But there are a couple people here that I'm totally down to get in that fucking pit and go at it.
Speaker A: I think we're pluck. Honestly, Riggs, I think within our group we are plugged in enough to make. I don't think there's any forms I have to imagine this chamber.
Speaker B: I gotta tell you right now, you're reading for the first mint. There's no way you're getting like special access to a fight card.
Speaker A: Maybe not me, but rigs I think is plugged in. And then through rigs maybe me, but I will definitely need a minimum of six months.
Speaker B: Oh, come on.
Speaker D: We need Max. 90 days max.
Speaker B: Yeah. I feel like 90 days is enough. Again. You just need to get that cardio up. You got to get the cardio. Like the way people lose these fights is they get tired of and they drop their hands and they get punched in the mouth. And that's, and that's, that's the key. So you gotta work those hands up and get that cardio up.
Speaker D: By the way, that or you have to go for a knockout blow in the first like 30, 30 seconds, right?
Speaker B: Those are your options.
Speaker D: Absolute game plan. Throw haymakers.
Speaker A: I forgot to mention this too, when we started talking about this and the timeline has, has done them a disservice. But crypto crowd who has been around for a while, I've seen him around. I think he was the third, 2nd.
Speaker D: Or third dude that got knocked out cold.
Speaker A: No, that's the seven foot dude that knocked the piss out of that guy within like 10 seconds. I don't know if you're familiar with him. He is killing everybody in crypto. So if anybody ever has to fight crypto crow, he looks like me, but he's 7ft tall and he hit a guy within like literally 15 seconds out. Just out cold. It was devastating. So I want to see more crypto crow fights. Yeah, I think he's got that crow. Is it crow milk?
Speaker B: Protein? Fight milk.
Speaker A: Fight milk?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's fight milk. It's the first 1st ever alcohol based crow protein for you. Oh, what up, by the way?
Speaker D: I bet. I bet I just thought of who could get somebody on there, and it's our old buddy, Goody.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. Goodies connected in there.
Speaker D: He's working with bit boy.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker D: Goody is the guy. That's the plug.
Speaker B: Get us on the card. Goody wasn't good there. I'm pretty sure he was there. So, you know.
Speaker A: Well, I feel like we're plugged it. Like, we know, like, bit boy and j chains. Like, enough. I feel like that alone gets us in. Yeah, I think we're. I think we have enough avenues to make.
Speaker B: We're going. We're going down next. What's today? Today's Tuesday.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: All right. Friday show. We're going to build a little fight card. A little CT fight card. Because I want to know who you want to fight or would fight. The only person I know who Riggs is going to pick. Riggs was picking his battles in the war room today, so I know he's going to choose, but. Yeah. And then lastly here, while we shut this down, this tweet up top, here's your food for thought today, because this is the one that I saw. This one made me feel very old and, like, to the point where I took offense in the sense of like, oh, God, am I the old guy?
Speaker A: I didn't even know this was. I just read it. I didn't even know this was a thing. And it is very offensive to me.
Speaker B: Yeah, super offensive to me. It says, if you reply to someone here with a gif, you instantly tell everyone you're between 38 and 53 years old. Nobody's ever viewed your gifs and laughed or gotten upset or anything else. They have one reaction. I have received a reply from someone between 38 and 54 years old. And then there was, like, something, like, in the comments. There was something in the comments, basically along the lines of, yeah, the worst is when you see that person and you go to their, like, replies or their media or tab or whatever, and it's just the same reaction jif on every post they have. I was like, oh, my God, that's fucking me. Oh, man. I was. I was shook on this one. What do you think?
Speaker A: It's. I don't like it at all because I think gifs are the funniest way to reply to things.
Speaker B: And I feel, I've often said, as, like, a point of pride, that I feel like I could carry on conversations with Gibbs alone.
Speaker A: It also shares. It also shares the type of person you are the more.
Speaker B: Yes, it's a. It does a person between 38 and 53, but I think the type.
Speaker A: If I see somebody. If somebody drops one in mic in my comments, which is very rare, but if I.
Speaker B: Because you get no engagement.
Speaker A: Exactly. Yeah, but it. There are certain, you know, there are certain gifs you can drop that make me think better or worse of you to me, you know what I'm saying? Like, if you drop like a, you know, I think you should leave. Or if you drop a. It's always sunny or just like a deep cut something. And, you know, that. That will give me more, you know, I'll appreciate you a little bit more if you're using the right gif. So this is offensive to me. I don't know what the kids are doing. So what are they. What are they just replying their kitchen word?
Speaker B: Yeah. Prose. Really?
Speaker A: Yeah. Pros. Yeah.
Speaker B: Come on. You kidding me? Get out of here with that.
Speaker A: Bees. But, yeah, I'm old, as you know. I'm just getting older and older and I hate it. And the children are making fun of my gifs and I don't like it.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's tough out there for pimp. And that's where we're gonna end it today. Join us on Friday, same time, four to five eastern, to talk all time highs, right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Probably by Friday.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's what I mean. All right. That's gonna do it for us. Until next time, keep the mic hot.
