Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Take it all the sunshine with making out like a Midland cause you're a cool cat tapping on the toe with a new hat woo. Just cruising, driving a line just winking feeling the feeling.
Speaker A: Oh, is some baby making music right there. Um, Des is here.
Speaker C: Is it saying you're a cool cat?
Speaker A: Yeah, like. Like, you know, you're a cool cat.
Speaker C: Like the NFL.
Speaker A: Just like, fun. It's like a fun.
Speaker C: Gotcha.
Speaker A: There was a lot of. There was a lot of, uh, queen.
Speaker C: You lost 90% in value. Kind of like that.
Speaker A: Exactly. Uh, there was a lot of queen talk, uh, yesterday, I should say. So I wanted to make sure Anthony, uh, was taken care of with a deep cut, uh, cool cat by queen. Is. Is a. Is a. I think a little bit more of a deep cut song. One of my faves, though, pain, you know, he's. He's out jet setting all over the world, I think. Had some connection issues at the, uh, at the Marriott. He was staying. I forgot where he staying.
Speaker D: It's, you know, the Holiday Inn. But I was right.
Speaker A: It was all of that.
Speaker D: You know, had two days of meetings. You know, we. I was on coffee with captain this morning, had no issues. And then, of course, TMC, where, as you said, anything can happen. It did.
Speaker A: It really did. It really did bunch. You thought you were going to get the day off. Not the case.
Speaker B: I was really hoping. I was hoping that elon, this was a widespread thing, and I wouldn't have to show up, but actually, Des is here, so I could still do that if I want.
Speaker A: You could absolutely still do that. I was really curious to see if Des was going to join us, because I was. I was sneaking around on spaces earlier this afternoon, and I saw him co hosting with bundy and circles.
Speaker B: Oh, wow.
Speaker A: And I'm like, if he does not show up from in condition, it's the gloves are coming off, all out assault. But I knew in my heart that that wasn't going to be the case.
Speaker C: Exactly.
Speaker A: Congrats. We're at season 16 of yes. Can you. Can you give us a little tldr on the goats?
Speaker C: I assumed it was, like, the digital version of you, like, just stumbling drunkly into a dive bar, how you found our way into our spaces this morning. But that's nice. That's nice to know you cared. Yeah, no, we just wrapped up season 16 of the forge, the OG forge for the NFT community within the goats. Goats ecosystem. And. Yeah, so we were giving away some friends.
Speaker B: Is the forge something that happens on chain?
Speaker C: You can go fuck yourself.
Speaker A: People are asking the question.
Speaker B: I just like, there's this. There's this great project out there called dogs unchained that. That does their traits on chain. And everybody knows that the only way that you should operate anything in this basis to be 100% fully on chain. So therefore, goats trash. Beanie good.
Speaker C: Beanie good. Beanie. Always good. Yeah, man, isn't it great to just see that guy back in the space? Just brings a smile to my face every morning.
Speaker B: What a turd.
Speaker C: He did. He did do it right, though. He waited exactly the right amount of time and the market conditions to enter back in. He's not stuck. He's not stupid.
Speaker B: He's definitely not stupid. In fact, he's very, very smart. He's so smart, in fact, that he's smarter than 90% of the market participants, which is why people keep falling for his bullshit.
Speaker C: Yeah, so there's that.
Speaker B: Anyway, did I just say that part out loud? I should.
Speaker A: That's clippable. That's a clippable moment right there.
Speaker B: That's what I. Yeah, clip that, clip that and throw that out onto Twitter.
Speaker A: Thanks. Zealous. So I was doing some research, and it turns out we have, because I'm always trying to figure out what shows do the best. You know, it's like, is it the stuff where we take deep dives and it's actual quality information, or is it the more nonsense stuff? And I'm going to tell you. Do you know what our two most popular shows of, say, the last eight weeks are? I'm going to tell you. One of them was titled New Chat GPT features, and that one did very well. Outperformed the previous week pretty substantially. But the number one show in that timeframe was titled genetically engineered catgirls need funding, so it's still difficult for me to assess which shows do better.
Speaker B: I mean, both sound like AI topics to me.
Speaker A: AI is. Is definitely king. But also coming in, in third, though, which bucks the trend a little bit, was big booty mix bonanza.
Speaker B: So I don't think that. I think that also.
Speaker A: Is that on? Okay. All right. Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, it's. It's not a. It's not AI related, but it is what apparently is all the rage. And I. That, you know, were the. Were the old ones in that scenario.
Speaker A: Okay, so there it is. So I don't know. I don't know where that takes us. I feel more confused than ever, and I never know which way to take the show now. I do. That being said, I do think more AI content is good. When we first started the show, we wanted to make sure we were flexible so we could pivot to different things. And I think AI themed things seem to be a good pivot, at least occasionally. What do you think there bunch?
Speaker B: For me, it's like all I want to think or talk about, so I'm totally on board. Anytime we want to chat AI, it's consuming my brain. It is the thing that I currently wake up thinking about and go to sleep thinking about. Wow. All on it. I'm all about it. So the anytime we want to go that way, I'm down. Des, what's your exposure to the AI space been so far? Are you just a casual chat gpter? Have you dipped your foot in any further than that? What's your status?
Speaker C: Oh, no, no, I'm level above the average consumer of AI. I've got some automation and, and playing with different AI engines and. Yeah, I mean, I started.
Speaker B: Are you like, are you like downloading your own local models in, in the weeds? Or are you like somewhere in between that?
Speaker C: Funny that you just mentioned that. I just started researching how to do that this past weekend.
Speaker B: So there we go.
Speaker C: I'm getting there, yeah, no, I'm absolutely obsessed. I haven't, I haven't gotten into the weeds of it, but I'm absolutely obsessed. I think from an optimization standpoint, like just even in business, it's a massive tool.
Speaker B: And then I get rate limited. I'm getting rate limited three times a day on all the platforms. Chat GPT rate limits me every 3 hours. The Claude anthropic. I've made three accounts because they rate limit me now too. I've got them all in different browsers. The other day, chat GPT was down and I sat down to do work and I was like, what do I do with myself now? I literally didn't know what to actually do with my workflow because all of it has gone through AI for the last three months. And I'm like, I don't know, I guess I'll dick around in the Starbucks discord, I guess, because there's no way I'm actually going to do the same thing manually because if I just wait a couple hours, it'll take me 15 minutes and not 2 hours. So that, that's my current, that's the level that I'm currently at.
Speaker C: Well, you must be really bullish on the space to offer up 250,000 of your own money for this prize contest for air, so you must be bullish.
Speaker B: It is. I mean, you know, nothing to do.
Speaker A: With the 250K you borrowed from me a couple weeks ago, right?
Speaker B: No, no.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Different 250K that went. That was for AI tart.
Speaker A: Oh, right, right. Cool.
Speaker B: Something else that I'm doing. Yeah. It's a. It's an AI dessert company. You're gonna be really. You're gonna be really impressed with the results.
Speaker A: All right, all right. I'm waiting. I'm just waiting with unbaited breath here.
Speaker B: Okay, so I have. I just want to comment on this really quickly. Um, des, while you may not be the host that frequents this, uh, stage with me most often, you are a.
Speaker C: Tier below host and above participant that I could nestle into. Is. Is there an actual title?
Speaker B: You're always a host in my heart, so we don't need to downgrade you. Uh, but you are always the consummate professional in the sense that, you know, you just totally, casually, perfectly segued to my pinned tweet up top in the jumbotron about, you know, a major announcement that I had personally the other day that I'm reminding people about and that I'm super interested to talk about. Meanwhile, on Monday's show, it's, like, the only piece of news that I put in the dang chat, and we didn't get to it till, like, 50 minutes in because chamber just totally hijacked the show to talk about the beatles.
Speaker A: I'm not. I'm not taking this one on the chin use. I listen back. I listen back like I normally do. I bring it up with. At the eight minute mark that I was about to bring up, the. The contest or the new. I was really the new company. I was going to bring up the hive three stuff at the eight minute mark, at the 18 minutes mark, and then when we actually pivoted to it at the end of the show, the.
Speaker B: Term bunch, can I ask you a question that's a proper segue into me knowing what you're going to talk about? I knew.
Speaker A: I knew. Bunch, I have a question. Is exactly what I'm using as my pivot points. As long as we're on the same.
Speaker B: Page, it could have been a question about anything.
Speaker A: It could have been. Yes, it could have been so. But yes, that's where I'm. You know, my defense.
Speaker B: That's your defense? Okay, look, I'll take that as. I'll take that as an acceptable defense. Mackie, were you coming up to save chamber or throw him under the bus with those poor segments?
Speaker A: Save, save those. I mean, speaking of Segway, I knew. I knew that.
Speaker B: That was always going to.
Speaker A: And that's always his segue.
Speaker B: Hey, Bunch, let me ask you a question. Hey, Bunch, let me ask you a question.
Speaker A: The cunning linguist, that is chamber.
Speaker B: Yeah, great question.
Speaker A: I got a question for you.
Speaker B: Beatles or queen?
Speaker A: So terrible.
Speaker B: Hey, I just want you to know as we're recapping last week's or last Monday's episode, the. The question was, would Ed be back? The famous Ed balloon who showed up here. And chamber promptly made upset about, you know, tupac wearing a bulletproof vest.
Speaker A: I talked to pain about this today. He has. I feel he has some lights.
Speaker B: Well, I just want you to. I just want you to know that he is not here today.
Speaker A: I would say he probably followed me and because I'm doing it through the Degen handle, it's not. You know what I'm saying? So if had I been under the chamber account, he would have seen that and probably joined. But because it's. I'm under the Degen account.
Speaker B: Well, he's busy. This is why what I was getting to. He was hosting his own space today with Tim Ferriss.
Speaker A: Ah. Oh, that guy.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. So like. So like kind of a big deal.
Speaker A: So he's not just some mike? Yeah, he's Ed balloon.
Speaker B: He's the ed balloon. Hosting spaces with Tim Ferriss.
Speaker A: Whatever. He could have been on MySpace.
Speaker B: He was boring. You scared him off. We could have Tim Ferriss.
Speaker A: Vanilla Tim Ferriss.
Speaker B: Yeah, we could have had Tim Ferriss, is what I'm really getting at. And instead I don't know enough about.
Speaker A: Tim Ferriss to be that upset about it. I know he's something, but I couldn't give you a description of what he does or what he looks like.
Speaker B: You don't know who Tim Ferriss is?
Speaker A: I know he's out there. Yeah.
Speaker C: I mean, of course. I mean, everyone's heard of the four hour workweek. I mean, that's. That's a big deal. But he's entrepreneurs. He's. What has he done in this space, though? Because he did that. Cock punch.
Speaker A: That's right.
Speaker C: Thank you. Cock punch.
Speaker B: That's it.
Speaker A: Why did you just say, oh, cock the cockpunch guy? I didn't know that. I mean, obviously I'm more familiar with cockbunch than I am with Tim Ferriss. Shovel does say Tim Ferriss is mid.
Speaker B: Is mid. That's okay. I mean, look, love him or hate him, he could be mid all you want. But like, sometimes mid is where it's at. It's still a big deal. Yeah. I mean, just like your memes. That's where. That's where we live on this podcast, specifically pain.
Speaker D: Yeah. Um, that. That actually was perfect that you asked Chamber if he knew who Tim Ferriss was, because that gives me an idea of how well he actually knows somebody. As he said, we were in the background having a conversation about Ed Balloon. Who is he? I was like, yeah, man, we actually interviewed him at Vicon. Me and Mackie did. And he was like, oh, I knew I had seen that name somewhere.
Speaker B: Wait, you did? I didn't know that either.
Speaker A: We did. He's still in the catalog. We have two or three left, and Ed Balloon is one of them.
Speaker B: Wow. Oh, so he. We haven't posted that one.
Speaker A: We have a post.
Speaker D: That's our plan, you know, to save it. We're going to give it a few days to let him forget who chamber is and.
Speaker B: No, no, no. You tag him right in. You say. You say this guy would have. This guy would have armed Tupac with a bulletproof vest. And then you post that shit and you just. You go full on.
Speaker A: You lean in. Just.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, you lean in.
Speaker D: Please don't give Chamber any ideas.
Speaker B: We don't need that chamber. Chamber has access to the Twitter account. He does what he wants.
Speaker A: I do. But that being said, I am. I control myself when I'm behind the wheel of the Djen account.
Speaker B: Unless you're on threads and then you ask for people to send you one eth because you're going to send them to me.
Speaker A: Threads was a moment in time, but twitter is professional and I have to act accordingly.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, I mean, you're doing a great job, Des. What's new in your life? I feel like we haven't. Have you been on the show since we uncovered your basketball skill? I don't even know.
Speaker C: I think that was the last show.
Speaker B: I feel like the last show you were on.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think so, too. So what's been new in the life of Des?
Speaker C: Nothing too much. We had a. We had the forge season 16 and just been recovering from, you know, the injury and getting into summer. It's been. It's been good. Yeah, no, things have been good.
Speaker B: What. What are the current forge, like, numbers now? What are we down to in terms of total goats that exist?
Speaker C: We actually believe it or not, we did 123 forges this past season, which is actually. I mean, that's a decent number for us. We're. We're down to sub 6500 from 10,000. So, yeah, it's. It's. You know, we've burned a lot of goats, man.
Speaker B: That's awesome. You know, what was.
Speaker A: What was it on the last forge? Is that an increase or check.
Speaker B: You could check the blockchain because all forges happen.
Speaker C: It's actually. They. Technically, that part does happen, but, yeah, I mean, 123 forges is pretty up for us for a season, so it's good. We ringed in the two year anniversary on July 8, so that was cool.
Speaker B: Congratulations. That is no small feat. You know, DJ network's been around roughly the same amount of time. I think we started maybe. I think we officially started Djen maybe two weeks prior to that. Like.
Speaker C: I think so.
Speaker B: Like, June 28 ish. It sounds right to me. Or somewhere in the late June timeframe. So, you know, as somebody who's also been around doing things for two years, it feels. Does it feel to you like it's been forever or does it feel to you like time has flown?
Speaker C: I think we've gotten to the point where it feels like a substantial amount of time. I feel like early on, you know, time was flying by, but it felt so short. I think just given the ups and downs we've had through the market, now that we're out of COVID I think time has kind of resumed its normalcy within web three and nfts. And so, yeah, I. Looking back, it feels like two years, you know.
Speaker A: Little feedback there.
Speaker C: Little feedback.
Speaker A: Wonder who that was. Wonderful sponge. What if he dongled out?
Speaker C: Maybe dongled out, but. But yeah.
Speaker A: How many goats are left?
Speaker C: 6400.
Speaker B: I just asked.
Speaker A: That's pretty awesome.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's pretty awesome.
Speaker A: You just asked that? You got. I don't know. You got rugged. A little bit. I don't know if I heard it. I may not have been paying attention.
Speaker D: You definitely weren't paying attention, fain.
Speaker A: Come on. It could. It could have been bunch. You never know. Maybe it was just on my end.
Speaker B: The chamber wranglers are here today, baby.
Speaker A: Jeepers. Trying to try to help out by hosting here. No support? No. No moral support, at least. Just. Just nothing but shade.
Speaker B: Hey, chamber, I got a question for you.
Speaker A: What a fucking segue.
Speaker B: How's it going with your friends over at the first Met?
Speaker A: Pretty good. I wanted to send them a link to this show. I told them, well, I'm not in my. I don't have my dm. Oh, you know what I mean? I have to switch back over to the chamber account. So I told them today or Friday they should hop on because I'm sure you would want them to grade me on my performance.
Speaker B: Oh, man, if we could get them as special guests on Friday.
Speaker A: Friday. I'll work on it.
Speaker B: Over it.
Speaker A: I'll work on it.
Speaker B: Yeah. Like we could do. I mean, you're gonna have to. You're gonna have to be prepared for that, though. Like, it's not gonna go well for you.
Speaker A: Oh, no. I mean, does it ever go well for me? It's very rare.
Speaker B: As long as you're okay with that and going into it, you know that it's not gonna happen.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm okay with it.
Speaker B: Yeah. Cool. Wait, did we get circles up here yet, or is he just hanging down there?
Speaker C: I think he might be just hanging down there. Um. There you go.
Speaker A: Strictly sports says chamber killed it on both episodes. Give him an a plus 100. Wow.
Speaker C: Wow.
Speaker B: Spotted a chamber alt this early in the day. Crazy.
Speaker A: Rare find. Rare find.
Speaker B: I can't believe it. The. I mean, is it. I haven't listened to either one. Is it all sports talk?
Speaker A: Okay, ask me, say chamber, how many shows have you listened to where I'm the guest, and I would say all of them. A bunch. I would say every single one. It kills me that you haven't listened to the first mint, not even the first episode, let alone second one.
Speaker B: Well, listen, here's the thing. I'm not at all an NBA fan, so my very little NBA.
Speaker A: I'm gonna be honest with you.
Speaker B: Oh, my.
Speaker A: Very comparable.
Speaker B: Was mostly NBA.
Speaker A: No, very comparable to what we're doing here.
Speaker B: I would say, never mind. Then I. Then I would gladly go. Listen, I thought I was just gonna get, like, your LeBron takes, and I'm like, I can get.
Speaker A: I mean, there's a little, like. There's a little basketball talk, but there's.
Speaker B: I just want you to know, though, that, like, I'm not. Not trying to pull this cardinal per se.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: But the. You know, I would argue that the support that I gave you during the audition, unbelievable. If I didn't tune into that, you know, the opportunity for you to show your prowess on the first minute may not have ever existed. You may have lost to handsome Dave or, you know. So, look, I may not listen. It's about quality. Overdose. Quantity, my friend.
Speaker A: I'll take it. I'll take. You're. You're absolutely right on that point.
Speaker B: Circles. GM.
Speaker E: GMG. Apologies. Earlier, I had a trouble getting up and then had to bounce out briefly. I did want to defend chamber a little bit with him stumbling in likened drunk man onto our show earlier. I mean, so we've had. It's been a minute.
Speaker B: Wait, did you speak on their show, chamber.
Speaker A: No, they say, like, I stumbled onto the speaker floor.
Speaker B: Yeah. Like, that's what I pictured. You, like, going in there and just being a total asshole.
Speaker A: That would have been just listening.
Speaker E: I was going to say, though, we've had. We've had showings of Chad on our show before. Even, not even chamber, but Chad the man, the myth, the legend. But it has been a. It has been a minute since we've had a proper chat showing. But to see chamber, at least in the crowd, it brought a warm cockles to my circles.
Speaker B: Describe to me what, what Chad is like on a Twitter space.
Speaker E: He's like a more refined chamber coming in less, I don't know, necessarily less high, perhaps more into it with the current goings ons in the market. I think that's probably the most apt description.
Speaker A: A little bit more plugged in.
Speaker B: Oh, really? You think Chad is more plugged into the NFT space than Chamberegh?
Speaker E: If not more plugged in, perhaps more cognizant of the conversations and more refined ability to say what is going on with the current topic.
Speaker A: This is too behind the curtain, I think. I don't like this.
Speaker B: You feel seen right now.
Speaker A: People are starting to figure it out. Yeah.
Speaker E: This is what Chamber would say. Yes, I would agree with you, Chamber.
Speaker B: So my take on what you just said is that he only shows up when he thinks he can talk about topic is what you're saying to me.
Speaker E: Probably, yeah. That makes a lot of sense, actually.
Speaker B: Right? I mean, Chamber is that. Or. Sorry, which one do I have? Who am I speaking to right now?
Speaker A: You're always talking to chamber. Don't worry.
Speaker B: Okay, Chamber, is that, uh, is that accurate? Are you. You're Chad. Confidence level, uh, in the topic, is that how it's determined here?
Speaker A: I mean, I'm. I'm always a big believer and don't talk about anything if you don't know.
Speaker B: What you're talking about, why do we do this show?
Speaker A: But we're talking about nonsense, and I know lots about nonsense. I would say, like, going into, like, going into other spaces is usually more seasonal for me. Like, I'll go through, like, you know, two, three weeks of, like, oh, I listen to more spaces during the day.
Speaker B: Like, anything to do with the correlation between smoking cigarettes and listening to spaces.
Speaker A: Actually not smoking cigarettes and listen to spaces.
Speaker B: Oh, interesting. Yeah.
Speaker A: So I'm usually out. I'm, you know, go for a little jog once in a while, listen to some spaces, you know what I mean? That kind of thing. Also, too, if I'm not talking. I could just be, you know, just out of breath and sweating and it's not.
Speaker B: How's your. How's your weight loss journey going?
Speaker A: Good. It's going. It's going. I'm waiting for the next big milestone.
Speaker B: But, you know, last time I. Last time I checked in on the last time I saw you post in the Djen war room fitness channel, you had lost, like, nine pounds in a week.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Is that accurate? 714. You were down seven pounds since July 9. Seven pounds in six days. Five days. Yeah, dude. I mean, first of all, one, congrats. But two, like, seven pounds in five days means that you are just treating your body like shit.
Speaker A: Yeah. 9.4. Since in ten days.
Speaker B: Look at you.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: You're losing a pound a day.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Oh, my God.
Speaker A: Yeah. It's not good, but that just means.
Speaker B: Like, the baseline of what you were doing to yourself must have been so awful.
Speaker A: No, well, I wouldn't say so awful. I just have. Now I'm treating my body worse than I was when I was just smoking and just not doing anything. Very minimal calorie intake, lots of exercise.
Speaker B: So are you. Are what exercises are we doing these days?
Speaker A: Mostly just. I just have to get body weight down first. So I want to get down to, like, you know, get down 1520, maybe then we can start by Friday.
Speaker B: You'll be there?
Speaker A: Yeah, by the end of the month, but, yeah, that's. That's. That's the idea. I just don't want to. I'm very scared of hurting myself, losing all that mass. Yeah, that too.
Speaker B: You want to be that muscle bound freaks. Yeah, exactly.
Speaker A: I was scared to hurt myself. Like, I don't want to, like, blow a knee or, you know, I mean, and then I. I get it. Things get set back. Right. So the more. The less. The more weight I can take.
Speaker B: You just be on the shelf for six months.
Speaker A: That's right. Anything could happen. So. Yeah, so I. More just. Just let's get. Let's get weight down, and then we can start putting a bit more, you know, putting a bit more work on the joints and stuff like that, you know?
Speaker B: Yeah, well, you're. You're doing fantastic. Seven pounds already is just. Do you have a goal weight that you want to get to?
Speaker A: Yeah, and it's a big number, but, yeah, you know, it's a big discrepancy.
Speaker B: Fantastic. I've actually. So I got in reverse today, or. Sorry, I've been going in reverse. I set a poundage goal for myself. I hit it and now I've kind of, like, taken my foot slightly off the gas in terms of, like, what I'm eating. So now I'm doing that, you know, like, little.
Speaker A: What are you eating? I'm always curious to know what people are eating when they're, you know, when they want to stay healthy. Like protein stuff, right? Like, usually you want to get, like, a high protein diet, which, you know, typically will keep you, you know, filled up a bit more and is. Is what your body requires. Is there something. Is there a go to meal you have?
Speaker B: Yeah, like a full chocolate bar. It's like, aii eat at night because I have a sweet tooth.
Speaker A: Oh, you sweet tooth. I see. I'm not. I would much rather, like, you know, a late night hamburger, you know?
Speaker C: Damn.
Speaker A: Yeah. Like, I would then, like, a chocolate. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker B: Like, des, are you a sweet tooth or you save. Are you going late night burger with chamber?
Speaker C: I'm a sweet tooth like you.
Speaker B: Yeah. I never was. And my wife got me, she put the sweet tooth on me, and now I haven't been able to go back.
Speaker C: It's a problem. I've been trying to cut sugar as much as possible from my diet, and honestly, candy and sweet tooths are just, like, the one thing I'm really struggling to give up. So I tried some healthy non sugar candy. Oh, my God. You want to talk about the worst thing in the world? That is just. It's. It's the beanie of candies.
Speaker A: What I've done, too, is I've actually, because I do want to eat things that I like, so what I'll do is just save up those calories for the end of the day. So I.
Speaker B: That's what I do.
Speaker A: I don't eat dinner. Or, for me, I don't eat breakfast. I don't eat lunch. I eat dinner.
Speaker B: I only eat. I eat a light breakfast lately, which is, like, yogurt and some hard boiled eggs. And then I don't eat again until dinner. And by then, I've done both of my workouts. So that's the. What's happening to me now is, like, I'm in this mindset of, like, okay, I've hit my. I've hit my weight number, so I'm done with that. I'm just gonna now use my calories on full chocolate bars at night now, because I didn't eat all day. And so that's not necessarily a great habit, either. That's. That's where we're at. I was going to ask you something else here. But we have some hands, so I'll go around to those. But just a update on the fitness goals in the d gen war room, we've got cap, who, after a slow start, has now committed to doing an entire 420 miles in a single month. So, for those not who don't know, we're doing the 420 miles summer challenge.
Speaker A: Oh, it's miles. I thought it was pounds. I'm like, I don't know. How am I going to lose 420 pounds?
Speaker B: No, you're not. Good. Well, you got it. You got to eat some more late night breakfast.
Speaker A: Got to build that mass up.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's right. It's miles or in your neck of the woods. Kilometers.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And cap has done 221 miles this month alone, so he's got a little bit more to go to get. To get there by the end of July. I have not done the psycho thing and tried to do it all in one month. I've been doing it on the summer as a whole, but I am at 321.75 miles since stretch June 8. Yeah. So home stretch for. For your boy. Maybe. Maybe another week or two, and I'll get there, but that's where we're at, so. So, uh, let's go back to circles. Pain. And then Mister Big booty makes himself, um, for Anthony.
Speaker E: Uh, so on the topic of eating and not eating, I think I'm definitely. While I have a sweet tooth, it isn't too unbearable. So I'm doing whole 30 right now, and that's, like, cutting out sugar and a bunch of other stuff. The one thing that is a killer, though, is, like, rain. Dear Lord. Like, it is extremely difficult to find a place to eat that. Yeah. Doesn't have any single grain or sugar added.
Speaker B: No. You, like, can't do eating out if you're. If you're doing whole 30. I've done whole 30, like, three or four times. And you just cannot eat out.
Speaker E: This is round two, and I've already. Technically, first time around, I did it, like, pretty much by the book this time around. Um, a. This. Earlier this week, I was making some curry, and I made tofu for my wife and lamb for myself. And so I'm testing the tofu to make sure that it's cooked right now. I'm like, oh, shoot, I just had a bite of tofu. And technically, that means it resets, but it's also. I'm not going to reset the whole 30. Halfway through. Screw it. I'm already halfway through. Let's just keep riding. But, yeah, the. I think the biggest annoyance is the lack of grains, because I enjoy my grains.
Speaker B: I mean, I get it. I'm a man who enjoys a good grain himself. Uh, chamber. Have you ever done whole 30?
Speaker A: I don't know what you guys are talking. I don't know what you're talking about. Grains. Grains, to me, just seems like you're eating oatmeal, right?
Speaker B: Yeah. Like amber waves of. Have you ever heard of it?
Speaker E: Corn.
Speaker A: Corn is grain.
Speaker E: Corn is a grain. Can't eat corn.
Speaker A: Rice is also grain. I guess. That's a grain of rice. Yeah.
Speaker B: What are you talking about?
Speaker A: Yeah, no, I mean, I I don't think I would have. If you said, name a grain. I don't think rice would have come up in my head.
Speaker B: All right, name a couple grains.
Speaker A: Like wheat. You know, like, you know, like, that's. But that's it. That's my grain knowledge. Wheat. Oats. Oats. Barley, maybe barley.
Speaker B: I think all solid grains.
Speaker A: I don't think I would have gotten a rice.
Speaker E: What do you have gotten? Corn. The real question.
Speaker A: No, definitely not. That's a kernel, not a grain.
Speaker B: Pain.
Speaker D: So many things. But this is as far as healthy chamber. The healthy way to do things is, you know, okay, let's walk a mile, then maybe walk a mile and a half and 2 miles, and then do that same progression with jogging, and then maybe with running, and then maybe you add in lifting. So. I know you hate to hear that, but the slow and steady consistency, not the not to let me just starve myself to lose 30 pounds so my body can handle it.
Speaker A: Well, that's the first 30. And then we'll get into maybe some healthy living. That's a quick shock to the system to get it going, forced to wake.
Speaker D: It back up on that.
Speaker A: Yeah, you gotta pop the clutch, you know what I mean? We.
Speaker B: Are we going with, uh. Is that your goal? You. You got a 60 pound goal?
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker B: Sure.
Speaker D: We'll hit 60, on the other hand.
Speaker A: And we'll keep track. And then we'll keep track, keep trucking.
Speaker D: On the other hand. I will never give up sweets. I'm like you and des. I had a caramel crunch ice cream cone yesterday, and honestly, I'm probably going to end up doing that today again. I'm very active, and really, that's the. The only reason I'm active is so I can eat whatever sweets I want.
Speaker B: Oh, hell, yeah. My man cap says that. Cap said that his sweet tooth is a direct correlation of him stopping drinking. And he said that he also eats a entire chocolate bar at night following a bowl of ice cream. So caps in it, deep calves in a deepen. Look, if Cap can. If Cap can do that and maintain that. That physique, you know?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, cap is a. Is a specimen.
Speaker B: Yeah. You know, that's right. Exactly. I know. I'm three pounds away from losing 50 total pounds. Isn't that wild? Yeah, it's fucking nuts, actually.
Speaker A: That's like, you know, have a few more grains and then.
Speaker B: Yeah. Really? Where have all the fucking grains gone? Someone get me some corn. Sorry, I just called for corn. Anthony. GM.
Speaker A: Champ.
Speaker E: Guys, I.
Speaker F: You guys are talking about dieting and stuff, but have you seen the news about Russell Okum, the former NFL?
Speaker B: Oh, my God. What a. What a maniac. And he do 40 days of just a water fast.
Speaker F: He's now done that twice.
Speaker A: So.
Speaker F: He did. He just completed his second one, like, this week. So first.
Speaker A: Sorry, my bad. That was me.
Speaker B: God damn it.
Speaker A: I'm so. I'm trying to let people off. I'm so.
Speaker C: You chamber.
Speaker B: Oh, my God.
Speaker F: Getting in the middle of speaking. What's happening?
Speaker A: Apologies. Apologies.
Speaker F: So. So I was saying he's done it twice now. 240 day fasten, only water. The first one, he started at over 300, so he played at 310. So they. People are. We don't know exactly how much he weighed prior to his first fast, but he lost over 100 pounds in 40 days by not eating.
Speaker B: Oh, my God.
Speaker F: And then the second fast, he just did 40 days again, has gone. Has lost about 50 pounds, and he's now sitting at a solid 170.
Speaker E: So 173.
Speaker F: He went from 310.
Speaker A: How tall is. How tall is he? Do we have a. I mean, he's pretty tall.
Speaker B: He played. He was a professional football player. So he's up in the sixes. Similar.
Speaker A: She. 170.
Speaker F: That's three months without eating, and then.
Speaker B: You'Ll be under seven.
Speaker A: I did. I did not. Two days in a row, but I did. I have done two fast days already.
Speaker B: Fast as in speed?
Speaker A: No, fast as. I don't eat that day. 24 hours? Yeah. Oh, yeah. 24 hours. I had to Google if I could have, like a. Like a coke zero. Because, you know, when I'm driving in.
Speaker B: The car, the results on that, I would have said I could.
Speaker A: Yes, I could. Could I have a coke zero? Like, so if you're having a water fast. So I could have water. Obviously. I said, can I have a Coke zero? And Google told me yes, and I was very happy.
Speaker F: So what made you start this water fast thing?
Speaker A: So I just want to incorporate something into kind of what I was doing. I just stopped smoking cigarettes. And because I stopped smoking cigarettes, I like to, you know, dive into something immediately. So not. Not just keep doing the same thing and just not smoking. If I do a. If I add more things to it, it's like, offsetting the fact that I'm not smoking. And I know it doesn't make much sense, but.
Speaker B: No, that is. That is. That makes a lot of sense. It's actually a. If you've ever read atomic habits by James clear, it's called habit stacking.
Speaker A: There you go.
Speaker B: There you go.
Speaker A: I did not read it, but that makes sense. And it works. It works. It works until it doesn't work. But, yeah, just the more things I can do to offset the non smoking. And then you're pivoting. I wanted to. Obviously, quitting smoking is a healthy pivot, so I just wanted to add more healthy things. I know not eating is necessarily not.
Speaker B: It's almost like you read the book.
Speaker A: Almost.
Speaker B: Yeah. J. Webb says, lift weights, eat steaks, drink whiskey. That's all the health advice you need.
Speaker A: Look at that. I mean, the guy's a monster.
Speaker B: He is.
Speaker A: No, yeah. I mean, yeah. I don't know. I don't like steak or whiskey all that much. Or lifting weights, going to the gym all the time is. I know J web has a nice guy. Yeah. Like, J Web has got a nice at home gym, and that's a different story, but, yeah, definitely not a gym guy.
Speaker B: I would say me either. I don't even like people named gym. That's how against it I am.
Speaker A: That makes a lot of sense.
Speaker B: Yeah. Des, how have you been maintaining your. Your figure? That's natural DNA, being, you know, laid up.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: I mean, luckily I can, you know, still do anything, arms, chest, back, and stuff and not run. So it's been good.
Speaker B: How much longer?
Speaker C: About six weeks till I can start jogging.
Speaker B: Oh, wow. That's pretty good.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Are you looking for that?
Speaker C: Yeah, I am. I'm excited about that bunch. Let me ask you a question.
Speaker B: Oh, great check. Great segue. That's professional.
Speaker C: Can I get your couple minute take on the post you reposted? That's just getting blasted everywhere, which is the simulation on South park episode.
Speaker B: So do we know. Do we know if it was confirmed that it was fake? So, because I saw, after we posted it yesterday, I saw a bunch of stuff this morning that said that it was fake. And, like, the people on the website are made up. The phone numbers on the website are.
Speaker A: Oh, really?
Speaker F: I could tell you. I could tell you that people in the movie industry believe it's real and are freaking out about it.
Speaker B: So it's okay.
Speaker C: It's as fake as, like, I mean, let's just assume for now for the conversation, I didn't mean in that take, like it might be, you know, fake and just like how video games publish, like a cinematic trailer of a video game before it's ready is fake. But let's, let's just under the assumption that, that what it did is incredibly possible.
Speaker B: It is possible, and it's where all this stuff is. Okay.
Speaker C: That's what I really wanted to ask you about.
Speaker B: Yes. And I just put it, I just pinned it up top, if you haven't seen it. So essentially the TLDR of this is, you know, they put, first of all, the tweet went nuts. It's got 1.2 million views, almost a thousand retweets, 751 quote tweets, 22, 50 bookmarks. It's crazy. If you haven't seen this tweet thread, check it out. Regardless of if the actual company and all this stuff is real or not, the idea is, the idea is very real and it's coming and it's going to happen. Right. There's some really interesting things that they talk about in this tweet specifically that, you know, are already, that they're demonstrating with this, you know, South park thing, but that are already being done, which is, you know, des, to your point, it's like, it doesn't matter if the actual South park part is fake or not, right? It's, it's like they're citing things that are already being done. And the whole idea is announcing generative tv and showrunner agents, right. And the idea is that they're building, basically world building, that you're going to be able to kind of generate content on demand, specifically with things like existing ip. So this example is using South park, but fable studio exists. There's a real GitHub here that exists. And they talk and they cite the Stanford paper in that second or third tweet there that if you haven't seen that Stanford paper on AI agents, they put these AI agents in a game simulation and they let them kind of generate their own interactions with each other and just observed how they acted in this environment. And it was really, really cool to see what the results were. It was like you had these characters that were, it's like if you were playing the Sims, but everything was AI generated. Right, where you had, you know, some of the characters were planning a party, two of the characters fell in love and whatever. And this was like, all autonomously generated through these AI agents that were acting on their, you know, like, character prompts. And so the whole idea of this paper or this tweet was that they were doing something similar with these South park episodes and talks about the Truman. We want you to be able to watch the lives of AI's and simulation, like reality tv for AI. This is where they cite the Truman show, and it's kind of all possible, right? So you're basically building these containers, giving these AI agents personalities via prompt, and then just kind of like letting them generate interaction, which is so mind blowing when you actually think about it. And it. I don't know, des, if you watched Black Mirror, that. That I did the Joan is awful. It reminded me a lot of that. Totally haven't seen the Joan is awful Black Mirror episode, which was in the six, season six episode one that just came out. Like this is. It's basically this, right. It's. It's the same. Similar concept wherever I. You're really all in a simulation. It talks about Westworld and then it gives, like, these examples of what they were able to generate. And, you know, this is definitely where we're heading because you can really already do this, like with the Stanford paper and stuff. It shows it's possible. So, like, there's really interesting applications. Obviously, Anthony, like you said, like, in this example, Hollywood flipping out, they're obviously all in the middle of a strike, as is both screen Actors Guild and the writers guild. And like, this obviously is kind of scary when you think of the context of that. But really, like, I could apply, I could see this applying really, really, really well in like, video games, right, where you've got, you know, the experience of NPC's and video games has never been really that great. And now imagine a setting like this or something like this in like GTA, right, where your. Your character blows up the hospital, and now the entire city that you're interacting with knows the context of you blowing up the hospital. That wasn't part of a mission. It's just something you did in the world. They have that context. They can interact with each other around it and yourself and all that stuff, and they have their own kind of autonomous lives. It's kind of really weird and meta to think about, but, yeah, I think it's kind of already here and it's just going to get more and more possible. What's your take on it?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, no, you summed it up really well. I do think everything that, especially in that paper that's written is very possible and not, like, 510 years out. Like, I could see this being possible within, like, a year, if not sooner. So, no, it's interesting. We. I think for content creation, it's gonna be a very, very valuable tool.
Speaker B: So, yeah, think about, like, so once you put this concept out into the world of, like, these autonomous agents with a set of prompts that they work off of for, you know, their personalities or whatever, or even just instructions, like, I've. I've talked to folks that I'm like, oh, how do you think this can be used in tandem with, like, blockchain? And imagine if you had, like, this entire kind of autonomous board of directors for a Dao, and, like, each one of them was a check and balance, and they were governed by smart contract. Everything they had to do was that. But the way they made decisions was all these kind of, like, autonomous checks and balances of each other. Like, there's so many crazy applications. Once you really extrapolate, like, the idea out of it, it's fascinating. Like, this is the stuff that I'm super obsessed with at the moment of what all the possibilities are and stuff like that. So, yeah, I saw this last night. And again, whether or not the actual generate, like, south park part of it is real or not, the. The concept is very real. The technology there that they're talking about is very real. And so it's coming. So, you know, it's probably enough to make the majority of people very uncomfortable. What's your take on it? Like, are you. Is this something that excites you? Is it something that scares the shit out of you? What. What do you think?
Speaker C: Oh.
Speaker B: Oh, God, Des. But then you. Next chamber.
Speaker C: Uh, yes. No, it excites me. I. We were talking about it earlier on Circles podcast. I mean, uh, on spaces. Um, that, uh, you know, like, for NFT communities, it'd be amazing. I'd use our treasury. I'd pay $10,000 to upload all my goats, all the information that we've taken from tally labs and character creation, uploaded it to one database, and let them create content and shows with. With the art that currently exists within our community. And it's not. I mean, that's not too far fetched. So I don't know. I think. I think it'd be really cool. You know, we talked about the example of, like, pudgy penguins is, like, a perfect example of a project that would use it because they already have very family friendly ip that you can create, like, cartoon animations that's geared to like kid content and children content learning based. It's just like it's, and it puts the power to create that level of content in people's hands that normally wouldn't have the creative chops to do it. And I think it, you know, overall it's pretty exciting.
Speaker B: Yeah, super interesting. Like, I think the, the avenue you just went down with like how this could amp up existing web three projects, like, you know, we always talk about how hard it is to actually like build iP. This would put it on like a supercharged that ability, right. And then it's about building, and then it's about building the biggest community you possibly can because the, the cost and the cost and time to produce, you know, content becomes close to zero right, over time. And that's interesting. So, yeah, chamber, what do you think about this? Had you seen this prior?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, my concern would just be just like, kind of like what you said, right? Like with the writer strike, with the actor strike supporting them. I just hope they can, they're taking that. They're a, they're aware, I'm sure they are aware of the things that could be coming in the relatively near future. I hope they take measures to either protect themselves or equip themselves with it in those negotiations just because if they don't, obviously it's, you know, they didn't in the last one. So the last writers strike was back in like, oh. 05:06 streaming services weren't even in the, you know, it wasn't even up the road. It was down the road a bunch. I think we're still a good ten years away from solid streaming services and they didn't take that into consideration. And now they're getting their lunch eaten when it comes to residuals and stuff like that, I hope they take, take that experience and hopefully frame it within the AI's, you know, within AI ability to protect themselves or at least use, have themselves supported to take advantage of it. So it gives them the ability to make money and not lose money to the, you know, to the big corporations that are the big studios that are running Hollywood. So that's my fear, because, you know, some people may like it, some people may hate it, but like, the writers strike last time was a direct, you know, a direct result of the writers strike last time was the shitty, you know, five plus years of really hard reality tv. And I know it created a whole new sub genre of television, but it's the absolute worst. And I know some people really like it, but I just don't want any more. I don't want shitty AI tv, do you know what I'm saying? To be what we're shoveled instead of quality writers doing writing. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: I think you're making it a generalization of the fact that it might be shitty rather than the fact that maybe you would actually enjoy it.
Speaker A: I mean, I think it would be enjoyable if writers were able to use it.
Speaker C: Just tell Chamber he can write himself into his favorite sicken. I was just thinking about it.
Speaker A: I'm not. I'm not a writer. Though I would much rather think you are. I know, I know I am. But say it wasn't me. Say it was just some Joe Schmo. And I would rather this technology be in the hands of people that know how to structure story. Do you know what I mean? Because then the quality is going to be that much better and they'll be able to produce so much more of it. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I think as opposed point. It's not, it's not.
Speaker A: The shitty stuff will come from. The shitty stuff will come from, you know, future writer strikes and then just scabs, you know, churning out shitty studio approved content. Because studios, if they can make money the easiest way, they will do that and not pay the right people appropriately. So if they can get away with creating, having, you know, people that aren't as qualified, creating content, creating television shows, creating movies, using AI, the product won't be as good as it could be. Do you know what I mean?
Speaker B: Maybe. I think that what will most likely happen is it will be a tool just like anything else. And the best craftsman at using the tool will produce the best thing, but it will also allow new folks to use, to be able to build something for the first time. Of course, it's a spectrum. It's always going to be with any of this stuff. But I think your concerns are all valid.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think my worries more. So for like studios taking advantage.
Speaker B: Totally. I mean, they're already trying to do it. There was something I read the other day that said that they wanted, like when they're background actors, I think it was, that was painful. Part of the, part of the like, negotiation was that they wanted background actors to like have a scan of themselves or something and be able to use their AI likeness in perpetuity for free. I just read this like yesterday or something and, you know, so like, that part's already happening, but, you know, and that's going to suck if that happens. But like, yes, that part will happen, but there at the same time you're like, okay, well, do I really need to pay 100 people to stand in a crowd for 2 hours and eat my cheese sandwiches? And like, you don't need background actors, right? Like that.
Speaker A: No, you definitely. Yeah, you definitely don't.
Speaker B: Right? So like, for that, like, you know, that's the stuff that's going to happen, I think. I don't think you're going to get James Cameron being replaced by AI, you know what I mean?
Speaker A: No, I hope not. I hope not.
Speaker B: Anyway. All right, mister House has been sitting there very patiently with his hand up. We're going to go to mister House and then we are going to wrap.
Speaker G: Yeah, I'll keep it brief since we're over time. Going back to the subject of grains. Wheat is actually up 9% on the day due to a russian naval blockade, which is going to, I guess it's probably already starting. It started at midnight, Ukraine time, the ports of Odessa. And Nicolas, the other one, the head of the Mi six in relation to AI, said he does not believe AI will replace human spies. So if anyone is in desperate fear for your job, we can relocate to the UK, we can become Brits, and we can have a good future as spies.
Speaker B: Interesting chamber. Do you think you would be a good spy?
Speaker A: Um, no. No, I'm not good.
Speaker B: Why?
Speaker A: I mean, you know me, I'm gonna, I'm gonna spill the tea. There's never a secret that I never tell you about, so immediately I'm gonna be like, oh, chambers is fine now, you know, I'm just not good with secrets.
Speaker B: See, but I do think you would have, I would have pegged you as, like, somebody who thought they would be, like, a really good undercover cop.
Speaker A: Maybe. I don't like, I don't like the idea of undercover. I think it's shady and I feel it's sneaky and it shouldn't count. I've never been a victim.
Speaker B: You're firmly in the camp of. If I ask you if you're a cop, you have to. Yeah.
Speaker A: You have to tell me. You have to tell me. I don't like sneaky rats rattling around.
Speaker B: Wow, okay, yeah, yeah, this sounds like, you sound like a guy that's been told on a couple times.
Speaker A: Yeah. I won't rat on people. That's one thing I want to. I won't keep a secret, but I won't, I also won't rat on you. So that's fair.
Speaker B: I mean, if they know straight up that you're not going to keep their secret then.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's fair. Exactly.
Speaker B: Des, would you be a good spy? I can do it, I think. Destroy good spy.
Speaker A: That makes a lot of sense.
Speaker B: That is the right answer.
Speaker C: I'm the spy that you live to live next to for 20 years and then you figure out Thursday.
Speaker A: What?
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: Amazing.
Speaker B: Des might be the fed.
Speaker A: Des might be Gary Gensler. Okay, whoa.
Speaker C: Let's not end the show like that. Okay.
Speaker A: Now, I did have a question. I had a follow up for Mister House before we, before we leave. He said grain. Grain was up 9%.
Speaker B: Wheat.
Speaker A: Is corn, is corn a separate commodity or is that part of.
Speaker G: So wheat was up nine?
Speaker B: Wheat.
Speaker A: Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry. It was wheat.
Speaker G: I would imagine corn doesn't fall in the same bucket as wheat, though.
Speaker A: Okay, sorry. I thought it was grain because they.
Speaker G: Do it by overall grain. I don't think you could combine a bushel of wheat with whatever metric corn is calculated.
Speaker A: That makes sense.
Speaker B: That makes sense. Chamber just wants the grain index. Yeah, I want the big grain index fund that he can trade back and forth specifically around his weight loss.
Speaker A: Rice is an option.
Speaker G: I can say you a wheat eTF? I've got got a few on the watch list.
Speaker A: Really?
Speaker B: Yeah. That was what's happening in the war room today is there were people trading weed futures now we're talking. Yeah. Led by Anthony, I think. But yeah, I mean, a lot of skilled traders in the war room, they're dabbling in wheat futures and they're just slaying. But that, that is going to do it for us. Don't forget to check out coffee with captain tomorrow morning. 08:00 a.m. the reminder is up top. Go up there and set your reminders. Also tomorrow we have lunch break at noon and I don't believe alpha afternoons. I think they are on hiatus until their new times.
Speaker A: I got a confirmation there. It's soon.
Speaker B: August 1, I believe.
Speaker A: Is that what it is?
Speaker B: Yes. So they're going to come back with a new time slot and a new third host. So that'll be great. And then. But that's it. We will catch you on Friday and maybe we'll have the two gentlemen, maybe first mint, maybe that would be, that would be fun. I'm going to play if we do, I'm going to play the newlywed game with them, which is going to be fun because they're brothers. And then we're going to tell them how, or we're going to ask them how terrible of a job that you did, but I have a feeling you did fantastic. I'm going to leave now and go back and listen to both of your first mint episodes.
Speaker A: Nice.
Speaker B: Yeah, I got to prepare for the show.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: I have a list of quotes that.
Speaker A: Let me confirm with you a Friday.
Speaker B: Before I said I'll do. I'll have the whole thing.
Speaker A: All right, that's fair.
Speaker B: I'm actually just going to feed the transcript in the chat to. That's going to do it for us. Until next time, stay mints.
