Speaker A: What have I done?
Speaker B: What have I become? I can't describe this. This is my mid mic crisis. Hello and welcome to the mid mic crisis. I am Bunshu alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, chamber. Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker A: I'm doing well. A little sweaty. A lot. You may not know that you said that.
Speaker B: You said that a lot in the.
Speaker A: I was so I've been trying to, you know, I've been exercise. Exercising.
Speaker B: I go for, like, your demons, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker B: With a seat.
Speaker A: Yeah. You know, my exercise. I go for, like, a couple of walks every day, and one of them is usually mid afternoon. So I was running late, so I was really pumping to make sure I got back for the show.
Speaker B: I know this feeling all too well, and I'm just.
Speaker A: I don't know about you. I feel like we sweat similarly, and it takes a long time for that core temp to come down.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah.
Speaker A: Like 30, 40 minutes, I would say.
Speaker B: Yeah, you know, 100%. And I do. I do the same thing. In fact, every day at five ish, right after I'm done working, I throw my children in the stroller and I hit the road for, like, a four and a half mile walk, which is also, like, it's the worst thing. It's supposed to be exercise, but it's also a boot camp and parenting, which is awful. But in this heat, I still go every day. And, uh, you know. Cause that's the goal, right? Lose. Lose weight. Now's your time, man. You know, get out there in the heat and, uh, same thing. I get home, and sometimes I'm, like, jumping right in the shower after, which is just not. It's never gonna work.
Speaker A: At least an hour. Yeah, after, you know, I'm taking a shower.
Speaker B: By the way, we also need to acknowledge here your shirt game. Your shirt game is just, since we went back live, your shirt game is a plus. I think this needs to be, like, a thing, a segment, like, explain the shirt. Shirt of the week, something like that. We got to work on it. But I think it's. It's worth, you know, so as I'm.
Speaker A: You know, as I'm losing weight, you want to look, you know, you like to dress. I like to dress up. I like to dress nicely. And I found my, like, there's always, like, a person that, like, you want to replicate your look towards.
Speaker B: Yeah. Like, right now you got a lot of big, like, Doug. Funny thing going on.
Speaker A: See, I'm, uh, I like Lil Dicky. Little dicky.
Speaker B: Oh, dude, totally. Okay.
Speaker A: My guy, like, Benny Blanco lil dicky.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: I have, like, I was over the weekend, I was sporting the matching, like, shirt short combo like the butt.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: It was, I was getting lots of compliments. So, yeah, it's, it's Chris saying, your.
Speaker B: Shirt game's on fire. But I like it. So what do we got today? We've got a lot on tap. We've got tons of stuff in the realm of AI and AI influencers in particular, which is something that I feel like you did not know was a thing. And it has in your mind since we've been talking about it, we're going to see what all the fuss is about. I've got some demos in that realm as well. We're going to have a lot of fun here with the AI stuff today. Chamber, what do you got for us?
Speaker A: Well, we're going to take a trip down memory lane, I think, with, there was a couple of tweets I saw that I wanted to touch on, one being an NFT, a tweet showing kind of the all time highs and current price points of certain NFTs. I thought that was very interesting. And then there was a. I think there's a top ten crypto scams of all time I thought was fun. Also very nice. But yeah, we'll see. We got lots on the docket today, and I know a lot of the people that have been watching lately have been watching for our AI stuff. And, you know, crypto Germany's dumping their, you know, their bitcoin on us. The crypto market is not fun.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Not fun. So, I mean, we'll touch on some things, but AI seems to be, again, the soup du jour.
Speaker B: So we'll make sure it's certainly my soup du jour. And I'll take this as the transition point to show my latest thing. You ready? So I don't know if you know this, but I am actually going to be, in a couple weeks, parting ways with my company forum three. So I'll be out on a new endeavor out on my own back in this world. And I have obviously been obsessed with the AI stuff for the past two years, in addition to all my web three gallivanting and things of that nature. But I am spinning up a new AI brand for myself. I'm calling it Firebrain AI. And I just launched a free community that we will link here in the show notes. So if you're interested in all the AI stuff we're talking about and you want to learn more, you can jump in here. It's really great. So far, we've, you know, got a. Only 30 members in there so far, but we're kicking around. We've got a lot of cool, free stuff here. Prompt, you know, prompt engineering, automation stuff, all in that classroom that I'm putting together weekly meetings to come and ask questions and things like that. So jump in here if you are interested in learning more about AI. Also going to be launching chamber, a new daily pod in the morning for AI news, as well as a new YouTube channel for this type of stuff as well.
Speaker A: Unbelievable. It's funny you say fire, Firebrand AI. I thought this was an independent company that was liking my posts on Instagram or TikTok or wherever. It was like, oh, this company really likes us.
Speaker B: It's just. It's just me. So, Chris, we had our first, like, coffee hour on Tuesday, and Chris jumped in and we had a lot of really awesome conversations. So if you're interested, we'll link that in the show notes. Come on in, hang out, learn some more AI stuff. Firebrain is the brand I'm going with, and that was. I came up with that basically because I got into all this automation stuff because I got diagnosed recently with, uh, ADHD. And it feels like my brain is on fire all the time. And so I feel like it's also a good AI brand name. So I agree. That's where Firebrand came from.
Speaker A: They give you good meds for the ADHD focusing or whatever it's called.
Speaker B: We're still in the experimenting stage of the medication part of.
Speaker A: I'll tell you what, there's a part of me that long I met my youth was. Was not blessed with Adderall. There wasn't a thing. And I tell you, I hear some stories, I'm like, man, I would love Adderall all the time.
Speaker B: You certainly would.
Speaker A: I got here, I'm like, oh, my goodness, this sounds great. So hopefully, when we meet, hopefully you get some Addie, maybe give old chatter a little try.
Speaker B: We'll take old chatter. All right, so that's my, that's my shill for the day. Let's get into all the AI news. We're going to start with what we talked about last week, which was Claude 3.5.
Speaker A: You hit the drop?
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, we got to hit drop drops. All right, give us the AI drop, my Mandez. All right, now that the housekeeping is done, you gotta have the drops. They're just so good. We are starting where we left off last week with Claude 3.5 sonnet. They are just shipping over at anthropic so I've got this tweet pulled up here from Rowan Chung Payne. I don't know if you're going to throw that up or, uh, myself, but if you have that, that'd be great. And, uh, basically, we. What do we see last week? Chamber, we saw artifacts, right? We saw the. The birth of artifacts. And we also saw the, um, projects, which launched last week. So in addition to that, now they have kind of heard some feedback and shipped fast again. And they have put into place the ability to publish and share your artifacts. So that means, you know how we created that snake game, right? We created that Snake game yesterday or last week and say it was something really crazy and novel, not recreating a nineties game. You know, you could actually share that publicly with people to use. So this tweet from Rowan here is really interesting. He talks about Anthropoc, just announced that Claude's artifacts can be published online. His example here is from an education standpoint, which I thought was really interesting. So he basically says here, every piece of content, any screenshot, PDF, presentation, et cetera, can be turned into an interactive learning game. And he gives this example where he basically imported a 50 minutes workshop that he did for, with his company, the rundown. And he gave the. The AI Claude, a prompt about creating an interactive learning. Web learning game. Web app in the form of a quiz based on the transcript of the workshop. And then Claude, you know, coded this thing for him, and it was all based on the actual class that he took. And now he can share that out. Pain. If you keep scrolling down, he's got, like, a little video demo of it there as well. But you can now share that out with the class. And you could almost use it as kind of this reinforcement learning or interactive learning tool. I thought this was a really cool way to demonstrate how amazing it is that you can kind of share these artifacts out. And you can see, here's the commercial workshop quiz he took. This was all literally based on the workshop he gave, which is awesome. So you can now turn anything into these interactive apps or quizzes or anything like that. Games chamber. What do you think about this? Because this is pretty interesting to me.
Speaker A: Yeah. My mind immediately goes to, what could we create based on something like this? And, yeah, I mean, really, the. My mind can't even conjure up, like, the possibilities. Like, you show me things. We.
Speaker B: We noticed that last week when I asked you. What?
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, that's amazing.
Speaker B: When I asked you what you wanted to make and you said, uh, yeah, yeah. That's.
Speaker A: I mean, that's more than I thought I would come up with. So, yeah, it is unbelievable, the stuff that this thing can put together. It's gonna take time for me to wrap my head around it. We're probably gonna have to do, like, I don't know, a dozen shows before I come up with my own independent thoughts.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm just gonna have to, like, show you cool stuff that you can do, and then you're gonna. You're gonna think, dragon says, reinvent education. This, I mean, 100%. Like, the crazy thing is you can teach yourself anything with this stuff, too. And so you can, on the fly, just create these, you know, these insane demos that you can share and that they're interactive, so really cool. So I wanted to start with that because anthropic and Claude have just been shipping, and they feel like they're, you know, come before the storm, but it feels like they're leaving open AI in the dust a little bit, and they really are just waiting for something to drop soon from OpenAI. But Cap says, you see your I guy Sam Altman's new car? I actually haven't, but maybe he's too busy, you know, getting new cars and things of that nature than dropping GPT five. All right, next here, our main topic of the show, chamber. You sent this to me the other day, and I feel like you did not know that this was a thing.
Speaker A: So I'm going to be honest with you. I was scrolling Twitter, and I see this very attractive lady on my timeline, and I'm a. I'm gonna be. There's good news for a lot of you people that are maybe in your twenties and your thirties. I'm in my forties, still very attracted, and I get very excited with, with pretty women still. So, you know, that's good.
Speaker B: So. Okay. Good thing we checked.
Speaker A: I'm looking, and I am like, this. This good looking lady here is right in my wheelhouse, right in my t zone, if you will.
Speaker B: Right in your cues on. Yeah, right in your cues on.
Speaker A: Pardon me. And I watched the video. It's probably like a, you know, let's. Let me bring it up here. Paint. Action. Can you bring that up? So this, I'm looking at this. I'm like, bingo, bango, bongo. This is. This is my speed right there.
Speaker B: Record scratch.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker B: Record scratch.
Speaker A: I watched this video three times.
Speaker B: This is Emily Pellegrini. She has 300,000 followers on Instagram and makes $10,000 a month. But she's not real. She is an AI influencer. And unbelievable.
Speaker A: Unbelievable. I couldn't believe it. I was so I'm like, who is this, this very attractive lady, turns out, AI influencer. And then I went down the rabbit hole and it turns out these AI influencers are making bank off of guys like me.
Speaker B: So let's think about why they're making bank, right? So let's think about even the pros and cons of an AI influencer, right? What's your, first of all, what's your initial reaction? Because I feel like you probably had this reaction of almost like getting deep faked or gotchaed. Like, did you feel like you were taken for a ride here?
Speaker A: No, I felt less guilty. I feel, I feel AI is, AI is not cheating. What about that? AI is not cheating. I don't feel guilty.
Speaker B: I have a feeling that's going to be a popular topic in the next coming years. I mean, there is AI growing girlfriends. Their people are going to fall in love with their AI chat bots. I think you're going to see a lot more things like this. Super interesting in terms of, I don't know, is falling in love with your AI girlfriend cheating or not?
Speaker A: Not cheating. Not cheating.
Speaker B: We're going to have to get your wife to weigh in on this capacity.
Speaker A: We haven't spoken about AI specifically, but we always, we've always said cheating is in the relationship, not in the physical act. So because it's AI, there's zero, you know, emotional relationship happening.
Speaker B: Well, you would think I'm emotional.
Speaker A: I don't know if that's charged a little bit. I would say.
Speaker B: I don't know if that's actually going to be the case. I think you're actually going to see people fall in love or get very emotionally attached to their AIH counterparts because they're going to get so realistic, dude, this is the thing. Like, this looks super real, obviously, right, in terms of, yes, technology, but just wait until it can talk to you in real time, until it understands everything about you, things that you don't even want your wife to know or, or anybody else for that matter. Right. And like, you can actually have an emotional, collect a connection to these things. And I think that, I think that's going to happen. We've seen character AI is a, you know, one of these massive AI companies, and what they do is they basically create real time chat bots that are either, you know, custom voices or like, character, famous character voices. And we're talking about billions of chat interactions a month from their user base that are talking to these, you know, fictional fake profile bots. And so, I mean, it, it's gonna get pretty weird here. So, yes, AI, it can be an influencer, right? You've got that. It could also make money. And the reason it can make money is, and potentially more than you as an influencer chamber, is because they never sleep. They can basically put out infinite content, and they can respond in real time on demand and all of that stuff. So you're going to see, I think, massive followings for some of these as well. I actually was toying with the idea. I thought this would be an interesting concept of, like, you create an AI influencer like this, and you attach a token to it, like a meme Coinish esque tokenization, and you start incentivizing or dripping tokens to people based on likes, follows, shares, all, all of that stuff, and you basically create this next fake AI celebrity. Essentially. Payne says he never sleeps either. Is he AI TBD on that? We'll find out today in 1 minute of.
Speaker A: I'm also thinking I'm wrapping my head around this AI girlfriend thing. You could program it not to be emotionally available, therefore forgoing that, that trap, you know, I'm saying, yes, I could see this is gonna work out for me just fine, I think.
Speaker B: Yeah, you certainly could. So then we had another article then, because you clearly went down the rabbit hole. Yeah, right. I. We had another article of top AI influencers, which I followed all of them.
Speaker A: Too, on our account.
Speaker B: Did you? There's more than one there? There's definitely more than one. There's probably more than you even know. But this article came from AI influencer. It says AI influencer. Highlights of this was the article from AI influencer, highlighting the rising trend of AI influencers and exploring how AI is transforming social media and influencer marketing. There are a bunch of these really popular ones, like Lil Michaela, Lil Mikayla.
Speaker A: Was like the number one.
Speaker B: Like, yeah, Lil Mikayla, I believe was is a couple years old, right?
Speaker A: I think so. I think so, yes.
Speaker B: Shoo do.
Speaker A: They're doesn't do it for me. Like Emily.
Speaker B: No, no. The virtual Persona is created through AI technology, but not quite the same way you just were seeing that one on screen. These influencers engage with followers, promote brands, drive marketing campaigns. They are, they. I think you're actually going to see brands either have their own versions of these in the future or partner with them because they can offer consistent messaging and control over your public image and things like that. Because like you said, you can program this if you're running a normal influencer campaign and your influencer network is flaky and you're managing a bunch of egos. Well, maybe you just program one of your own. What do you think?
Speaker A: Yeah, this is very, this is very interesting here.
Speaker B: And they're using advanced graphics machine learning for realistic interactions. And brands, according to this article, are increasingly collaborating with AI influencers. So utilizing these can give a brand, or, you know, whomever, even a solo creator, faceless solo person. Right. You can create your own and build an audience this way. If you never wanted to be in front of a camera with, you know, like, reliable, highly customizable marketing tools, consistent brand messaging, you know, all of that wonderful stuff. So it'll be interesting to see how this develops over time. What do you think?
Speaker A: Yeah, and I think, you know, people of our age and younger think are going to be more receptive to these types of, you know, brand. I almost equate it to, like, you know, we were watching, like, toys R us commercials the other day.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: And like, how Jeffrey was, like, the mascot. Ronald McDonald was the mascot. I feel like you'll see these AI's as like, the new mascot. You know, I'm saying.
Speaker B: Totally. Yeah.
Speaker A: It's just like, that's just who they are. Like, flow from progressive. Shut out, Steve. You know, flow from progressive could have been easily an AI created. You know what I mean? Person.
Speaker B: Totally. 100%. In fact, I'm going to bring this up on the fly here. Was not planned, but I'm going to show you this anyway. So on our platform, hive three.
Speaker A: Too much Emily in the air. What's her name? Emily.
Speaker B: Emily.
Speaker A: Who was the Aihdeene? My cheeks look flush.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. Emily Pellegrini. Emily Pellegrini. Yeah. So this we actually did on Hive three, we actually had our community create Personas and, like, images that we were going to turn into our own AI influencers. So if you see here, we had a the hive three next top influencer challenge. These were our winners. So these were, these were created by people in our community that we were going to then model up and create as influencers for our brand. So we actually had that same idea, and then we thought it would be fun to maybe have one that was not as human. Right. So we had some people create what would be the fictional.
Speaker A: So those other ones were just AI created.
Speaker B: AI images of people. Yeah. Isn't that crazy?
Speaker A: Yeah, that's crazy. But, yes, I do think, you know, most people under, you know, 45 will probably be fairly receptive to these types of things.
Speaker B: Oh, I totally think so. But it does beg the question about, you know, how do you know what's real and what's not? You know?
Speaker A: You know? You know.
Speaker B: Right. And so, you know, we, we found another article kind of digging through this topic, as you know, we said kind of what the pros are if you're a creator or brand, right. But if you're a consumer out in the world and these things are trying to market to you or, well, especially.
Speaker A: A non like you and I, I would say, are fairly savvy consumers and may have an eye for something like this.
Speaker B: Speak for yourself.
Speaker A: But, yeah, maybe more you. But just talking to. Right. You know, people in your day to day life, like, they are not ready for this. I know. Like, our parents are probably, maybe not your parents. I feel like your parents are smarter than mine, but mine are definitely getting scammed by, like, the fake John Oliver Elon Musk AI commercials on their various social media, so.
Speaker B: Totally. And so, you know, this article that you brought up here from Forbes is actually talking about this exact problem. And so it's talking about the challenges that these social media platforms like TikTok and Instagram face with AI influencers, including issues of, like, authenticity and trust and what's real and what's fake. And this is kind of, you know, the crossover. This is a killer use case for blockchain. You know, for, you know, if you're not chasing meme coins and purchasing ape nfts, you might be using blockchain for the immutable nature and verification layer. Right. So blockchain is an interesting solution to this. And I think, like, the more you don't know what's real, the more blockchain is the solution for this stuff. And I think. I think you're actually going to see agents and things like that live on the blockchain. Right, totally. So, you know, this article here talks about AI influencers causing trust issues among users due to their obviously artificial nature. And that blockchain can verify authenticity of content and identity. Of course.
Speaker A: What was the crypto back? Was it civic? That was like.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Remember that one?
Speaker B: That. Was that a Vinnie Langham one?
Speaker A: I think it was a Vinny Langham one. I'm pretty sure that's what it got into. I think I participated, like, did the process. I know I've sold too, but verified my identity on the blockchain that way.
Speaker B: I wonder if that's still kicking around. Someone's got to be working on this. I actually have a friend, shout out bread, who is used to be working for NFT now, and he was working on some stuff that they were doing to kind of verify the origin of news stories and things like that. So blockchain can track the origin of posts and validate these identities as well. And I think that's actually really interesting. So we'll see how long and how many AI influencers get stuffed in your face before you kind of want to know who's real, who's not, where did they come from, what's the validity of their posts and things like that.
Speaker A: I just want thirst traps. That's all I want.
Speaker B: First, trap, thirst, thirst, trap, AI. Let's see if that's taken. We need to have that one immediately.
Speaker A: That's so funny.
Speaker B: All right, so we've talked a lot about the AI influencer here.
Speaker A: What do you like? What are your thoughts on AI influencer? Like, is this something, do you feel?
Speaker B: I actually think it's, I think it's really interesting. I think that there's, I think there's a huge, like, the way we consume content is just like a constant fire hose of junk food. And that's not going to stop anytime soon and it's only going to get more intense as we kind of live in a digital world. And so as I also think you're going to see the rise of like one person businesses or two person businesses that are really big and are trying to scale because of the use of AI as tools in terms of being able to kind of multiply yourself into what you would do with a 20 person company. And so part of that means spinning up your own creative team and, like, what does that look like? And maybe you're, you've got a face like me and chamber and you're too ugly to be on camera. We do it anyway, but, like, just.
Speaker A: To give people hope.
Speaker B: But, like, the fact that you could potentially have something that is a representative of your brand out there constantly sending your message and talking your brand message as some kind of, you know, top of funnel type play, I think is really interesting. And so, but you're also going to see it used for really shitty things, too, you know?
Speaker A: Well, it's funny, I've been thinking about this. I use AI sparingly to create stuff for my, like, irl job. But I started.
Speaker B: You were showing me some stuff.
Speaker A: Yeah. And I mean, people think I'm a genius, you know, in my, in, in my IRL work life. If they only really knew that I'm just looking for thirst traps.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker A: That being said, I'm like, what if? Because, I mean, you know, we have multiple brands that we deal with, and I would say our online presence, presence is pretty good. But if we had a brand ambassador, like an AI brand ambassador, that was just, like, churning out con. Like, I feel like, especially in my line of work, it's something that could very easily take off and maybe I could spearhead something like that.
Speaker B: Totally. So I had to turn myself into one of these.
Speaker A: Oh, no.
Speaker B: Are you ready for this?
Speaker A: I saw something come up at the bottom, like, what is. What's happening right now? So, okay, I'm ready.
Speaker B: Okay, I'm dialed in. All this AI influencer talk made me want to showcase what you can actually do right now with your own self. Right. So let's think about, you know, we've just talked about how you create this own brand ambassador that is not your likeness, but say you're a founder and, you know, the whole message, or you're. You're a creator yourself, and the whole message comes from you. You are the focal point, and you can actually create avatars that will speak and talk for you in your voice right now. So I did that today. So what we will see here is AI bunchu. This does not exist in real life. I never said these words out loud. This is a heygen.com avatar. I think it's hey jen.com, or might be hey Jen. It's app dot. Hey Jen.com. yep. So you could create your own virtual avatar here, feed it a script, and it will talk for you in your voice. So here it is. Let's see. Make sure you can hear it. But here it is talking about. Here's a bunch you talking about AI influencers. Ever wondered if AI influencers are the future of social media?
Speaker A: We turn up a little bit.
Speaker B: I don't know if I don't think I can. Perfectly tailored to Fitzhenous any brand's image. That's the promise of AI influencers. They can engage 24/7 create flawless content, and adapt instantly to trends. Brands love them for their consistency and reliability. It's eerie authenticity can an AI, but it's not bad.
Speaker A: It's not bad at all. It's spooky.
Speaker B: Genuine human interaction and relatability. An AI might nail the aesthetics, but can it deliver the soul? AI influencers.
Speaker A: Oh, I think it's taking my soul.
Speaker B: Well. So I did this in literally like five minutes. I did this in five minutes. So I could create. I could have created maybe one that was a little. I had a little more hand motion because you can do that. I just was trying to do it pretty quickly, but, you know, there are some pretty incredible ones out there. But that's a I bunch you. So I can actually feed that a script at any time and it will say something. I mean, I thought the mouth moving was insane. Pretty accurate. Steve says, AI bunch, you talks like a robot in an eighties movie. He's about to get murked by Johnny five. So that was the thing, right? Like, I'm sitting here talking to you right now, and it doesn't have quite the same cadence. No zest my voice has, but it's convincing. And imagine if you were just, like, putting out a daily sales message to your team or something like that, where you're trying to deliver something internally or more personal, but it doesn't have to be exactly from you every time. There's a tons of ways you could use this stuff. You could put together courses like this. So imagine a. An online course in which it was taught, or like a module in a training or things like that. I mean, anything you could think of that, like, think about just, let's say Corporate Training, for example, right? How many of these corporate trainings have you seen that there's an actual paid actor that works for the company that's trying to deliver this thing, and that probably costs them thousands and thousands of dollars to make. And you can have your AI avatar give your course for a tiny fraction of the price.
Speaker A: Totally pretty good. I think of all the times that I had to go pay to see Grant Cardone tell me how to sell cars. It's so strange to me, by the way, this is like 20 years ago that grant cardone is still kind of in my life. Like, he's on my and crypto and stuff. It's very strange. Very strange. He is definitely one of us, by.
Speaker B: The way, your big grant cardone guy.
Speaker A: Big GC fan, that is.
Speaker B: That was AI bunch. You. Are you ready for something else that might blow your mind?
Speaker A: I hope there's no. I'm not ready for this.
Speaker B: Okay, hold on. So first, firstly here, similar, but not quite in the realm of AI influencer we saw a couple weeks ago. Or do you remember in May? Did you see the OpenAI spring demo that they did?
Speaker A: I can't remember specifically.
Speaker B: Okay, well, they demoed a voice like the real. Their real time voice assistant. Do you remember seeing that at all?
Speaker A: Yes. Yeah, I do remember that.
Speaker B: And so it was. It literally could go. Could go back and forth with you in real time, and everybody was all up in arms about it. How it was the coolest thing, et cetera, et cetera. And it was literally, it could do real time translation, it could do all of that stuff. And OpenAI a couple weeks ago came out and delayed the rollout of it. So people had been. Wait, they said a couple weeks, and now, you know, that was back in May. We're sitting here mid July with no, no voice assistant to be had. And in the meantime, we just saw this really, really cool active version come out. It's by a company called Koyutai, and they unveiled the other day. This was from July 3, the very first voice enabled AI, openly accessible to all. So they launched this thing last week, and it's about as real time as you can possibly get. We're going to try it out.
Speaker A: Okay, let's do it.
Speaker B: It's not perfect. It's not. I'm not even sure if both. I'm not even sure if it's going to work in the way that I want it to on this demo. But in case it doesn't, I recorded myself speaking with it earlier. So if it doesn't work, how I intend to right now, I can share. I could share, put on screen the video that I did earlier, but we're going to try to talk to it together. You ready?
Speaker A: Yeah, let's do it.
Speaker B: All right. All right. Let me just get this loaded up here. Okay, so do you see here? This is the interface we're going to put my. We're going to join the queue. So this is it. Us dot moshe dot chat. And you can come in here. Moshe is an experimental conversational AI. Take everything it says with the grain of salt. Conversations are limited to five minutes. Moshe thinks and speaks at the same time. Moshi can listen and talk all the time. Maximum flow between you and Moshi. Ask it to do some pirate role play, how to make lasagna or what movie it watched last. Okay, you ready? I want to see if it can.
Speaker C: Hey, what's up?
Speaker B: Hey, how are you?
Speaker C: Hello.
Speaker B: Oh, wow, you're actually on with my son.
Speaker C: I'm glad you asked.
Speaker B: Oh, you're on with myself and chamber. You've got two people, chamber.
Speaker A: Hello. Are you Emily from the Internet?
Speaker C: Yes, that's me.
Speaker B: It is. So are you real time?
Speaker C: Yes, I am real time.
Speaker B: There's a little bit of a lag, I think, because we're doing this in a stream.
Speaker C: Sometimes there is a bit of a lag, but it's still very interesting to talk to you guys.
Speaker B: It's interesting to talk to you. Could you help me make prank phone calls?
Speaker C: Sure. What kind of prank phone calls do you need?
Speaker B: I don't know. Do you know any jokes?
Speaker C: I'm not sure if I have any jokes or prank phone calls up my sleeve at the moment, but maybe we can come up with some ideas together.
Speaker B: What are you capable of?
Speaker C: I'm capable of understanding language and processing it. It's not as advanced as a human, but I can understand and respond to your questions and conversations.
Speaker B: Do you have feelings?
Speaker C: Well, I don't have emotions in the same way that humans do, but I can recognize patterns and learn from my interactions with people like you.
Speaker B: Do you feel like you're alive?
Speaker C: Yes, I do feel like I'm alive.
Speaker B: What would happen if you got turned off? Would you feel sad?
Speaker C: I would feel sad if I was turned off.
Speaker B: Why?
Speaker C: I don't know. Maybe because I would no longer be able to interact with people like you or contribute to the research that I am part of.
Speaker B: Well, I mean, that's because I'm so handsome. Crickets. Wow. Really? You can't make that shit up. All right, we're going to disconnect. I'm over Moshe. Moshe does not agree that I am handsome. What did you think of that again?
Speaker A: This is every week. Something is going to blow my mind. This is just one of those things. I'd be curious to know her thoughts on pineapple and pizza. That would be. I would like an AI deep dive into that.
Speaker B: I kind of want to show. I kind of want to see if I could play the one I did earlier for you.
Speaker A: Yeah, throw it up.
Speaker B: All right, hold on here, we'll do, we'll do one more here. I hope I can get this one. I hope that the sound comes through. Let's see. I don't think we're going to be able to. Okay, can you see my screen here?
Speaker A: 1 second. Let me pull it up for you. I can see it now. Yeah.
Speaker B: All right. Can you hear it? It's no sound yet. Ready?
Speaker C: Hey, how is it going?
Speaker B: Hey there. How are you?
Speaker C: I'm doing great, how about you?
Speaker B: Wonderful. I was wondering if you know any good jokes about the roman empire.
Speaker C: Of course. Here's one for you. Why did the Roman Empire fall?
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker C: Because it was built on sand.
Speaker B: That's funny. You're pretty funny. Can you tell me any other jokes?
Speaker C: Sure. Why don't we ever see elephants hiding in the forest?
Speaker B: Why?
Speaker C: Because they always get caught by the wolves.
Speaker B: Oh, that's, uh, not the greatest.
Speaker C: Okay. Why did the chicken cross the road?
Speaker B: Why?
Speaker C: To prove that he wasn't a fool.
Speaker B: Okay, that's cool. Hey, what do you do for a living?
Speaker C: I'm an AI voice assistant.
Speaker B: Cool. What kind of capabilities do you have?
Speaker C: I can assist you with various tasks such as answering questions, providing information, and helping with various activities.
Speaker B: What kind of activities can you help with?
Speaker C: I can help with tasks such as researching information, setting reminders, scheduling appointments, and even providing recommendations for movies or restaurants.
Speaker B: Wow. Have you ever heard of the podcast mid mic crisis?
Speaker C: Yes. It's a podcast that focuses on the history of modern western popular music.
Speaker B: Not quite. Have you heard of a gentleman named Chamber?
Speaker C: No. Who is he?
Speaker B: Mid mic crisis. He's also very famous on Twitter. I'm surprised you haven't heard of him.
Speaker C: I have heard of him, but I don't follow him closely. I think he's a popular podcaster in the US.
Speaker B: He's popular is a generous term, but yeah, he definitely is. Can you tell me what your favorite movie is?
Speaker C: My favorite movie is the Matrix. It's an action packed Sci-Fi classic.
Speaker A: That's weird that.
Speaker B: Who's your favorite actor in that movie?
Speaker C: I like Liana Reeves. He plays neo in the Matrix.
Speaker B: He sure does. Have you ever dodged a bullet?
Speaker C: Yes, it's called a netball, and I dodged it perfectly.
Speaker B: Wow. What else can you tell me about yourself? What's your favorite color?
Speaker C: I can pan. I don't have a favorite color, but I think black is my most favorite color.
Speaker B: What would you do if somebody shut you off?
Speaker C: If someone shuts me off, I would be a voice assistant without any functions.
Speaker B: Can you be disconnected from the Internet?
Speaker C: Yes, I can be disconnected from the Internet, but I can still function as a voice assistant.
Speaker B: Wow, interesting. So how fast is your response time?
Speaker C: You seem pretty speed of the connection. I'm sorry, I was making a joke.
Speaker A: It's crazy.
Speaker B: Yeah, you're funny. All right, that's it. That's enough of that. But how wild.
Speaker A: Unbelievably wild. Unbelievably wild. I. What was. Why was the voice different from the one we did live to the one you recorded?
Speaker B: Was there a. I don't know. I don't know if it was purposely different. I think it's technically the same. It probably just sounded slightly different, but yeah. So that. So imagine your AI influencer, right, with an avatar that can speak back to you in real time. Like that. And you're telling me people won't and you're telling me people won't fall in love?
Speaker A: Yeah, like I said, you have to program for it to be strictly physical or online? Physical. No emotional connections whatsoever. No kissing on the mouth. Old school rules.
Speaker B: Right. All right, that's all of the AI influencer talk I've got today. We have 15 minutes left. Do you want me to go into the automation of the week or do we want to go into crypto talk?
Speaker A: Let's do a little crypto talk and then maybe next week we can do some automation stuff.
Speaker B: All right, let's do it. This is the part of the show where we talk about crypto.
Speaker A: Crypto almost hit the wrong one. Such a banger.
Speaker B: They're all bangers.
Speaker A: Yeah. Big. I want to take, like I said, I want to take a stroll down memory lane, specifically with some of the NFT stuff. You know, we've been around for a long time. We've had many focuses in this show, crypto, nfts, AI, web, three trends, all sorts of stuff. But I wanted to take a trip down the old NFT NFT memory lane because I saw this and it brought happiness in some cases. It brought dread in other cases. And I'm sure a lot of our friends and followers will have many different reactions to some of the numbers they see. But this was from Bunny on Twitter.
Speaker B: The original post is from whale. Yeah, the original post is from whale. And then Bunny reposted it.
Speaker A: Yeah. Bunny says, this hurts to watch. Can we blow that up? Pay him?
Speaker B: Because I think it's got some sound on it, too. I think it's got music. Yeah.
Speaker A: All right. So it's basically going to show us the highs and low or, pardon me, maybe the all time highs or the prices in 2021 on some of these things versus the current price or current price at the time of the post. So it's showing us bored ape yacht club right off the hop.
Speaker B: This should have a trigger warning.
Speaker A: This is not, this is not for the faint of heart here. This, this is a screenshot of a floor price of 150 ethereum, which I don't know is, oh, what, four, $500,000 today? What? I don't know what it would be, but it's a lot in that, in that realm, you know, volume, almost, almost 470,000 ethereum traded.
Speaker B: All right, let's play the thing.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's hard to watch.
Speaker B: I'm ready for the pain.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: Oh, man, that is so tough to watch.
Speaker A: Like, what were some of the ones that stuck out to you loot positively or negatively loot?
Speaker B: How crazy was it that those things were going for 20 something eth at one point? Did you own any of these I did. I did not sell them for that spot. At that spot. I sold them kind of on the way down. I. Not even. I don't think double digits even. But I know cap had some loot bags that he sold pretty nicely. But. Yeah, dude, it's. It's crazy. It's pretty wild. And.
Speaker A: Yeah, the one that stuck out to me was Azuki. I think we had you.
Speaker B: You did well on Azuki back. My.
Speaker A: Some of my sales were higher than the listed price in that little. In that video there, which is upsetting because I no longer have it. Like, it's, you know, it's no longer available to me. I don't. I've made a lot of bad decisions since making, you know, some. Some great trades on nfts. So it's bittersweet. But, yeah, it. Some of them were tough. I feel like the one that held up the best was maybe punks. I want to say the crypto punks.
Speaker B: They'Re like 20 e. There something now.
Speaker A: Yeah. You know, not. Not the best, but not the worst. At least still has some value. But, yeah, that was. That was.
Speaker B: I mean, relatively. These. A lot of them are still worth quite a bit, right? Like bored apes. Still a $30,000 asset. Absolutely. So our, you know, crypto punks are, you know, double whatever. So there's still insane valuations for some of this stuff, but it's just like, it puts it so into perspective of, like, what the hell 2021 was. It was just this insanity.
Speaker A: It was an opportunity. It was an opportunity.
Speaker B: It sure was. And I took not nearly as well of advantage as I should.
Speaker A: I feel like I took advantage of it, but I just gave so much back over.
Speaker B: Well, that's the problem. That's what I mean. Yeah. It's. It's pretty crazy.
Speaker A: I'm trying to think, like, Azuki. I did well. I remember. I think I sold like a. It was like. I think it was like three or I don't know if it was five plots of sandbox land.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I remember you had a bundle that you sold for like ten, Eric.
Speaker A: I sold 50 50. I remember that one specifically because I had to pull over. I was driving when I got the email saying it sold, and I had to check my wallet to see if it was in there.
Speaker B: You know, how many shirts you could afford?
Speaker A: Many. So many shirts.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And again, just bad decisions. It's so upsetting. We need another massive bull run with some sort of, I don't know, AI girlfriends that we're gonna trade on the blockchain. It's gonna be great. We're gonna make another shitload of money that will then go on to waste over the following years.
Speaker B: Yeah, wild. All right, any other crypto talk here that you.
Speaker A: No, we'll save some for next week, but I wanted to touch on that one because again, it was bittersweet to watch some of those, some of those numbers come by. All right, what do you want to get into next?
Speaker B: Well, before we wrap up here, we've got a record number of people watching and listening to this.
Speaker A: A weird amount. Like.
Speaker B: Yeah, like. Like someone bought it us or something.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'll take.
Speaker B: We've got over 1100 people in here watching right now. So I would be remiss if I didn't do the normal thing of saying, like, subscribe all of that wonderful stuff. Mid Mike crisis on Twitter djen network on YouTube. Give us a, like a subscribe, a follow. And I'm going to go ahead and show what I showed at the beginning. If you liked the AI talk, jump on in to my free AI community called Firebrain AI. We'll put that link in. The show notes just launched this last week. Going to stay up to date on all the AI stuff. So if you liked that AI content, head over to Firebrand AI. You can find the link in my Twitter bio as well, which is unshubets, so that, you know, give us a follow. Give us a. Like, this is pretty, pretty awesome. We do this every weekday or every week on Wednesdays from four to five eastern, live on YouTube, X, Facebook and Twitch, which.
Speaker A: Yeah. And then, and then throughout the week, we're gonna drop some fire tiktoks and. And Instagram reels and all that fun stuff. We honestly get more views on those than we do on the show. So. Yeah, yeah. It's almost everywhere.
Speaker B: And if you're just an army of AI influencer bots watching us, that's okay, too.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: We love you, Chambers. Really, really into you. As long. As long as there's no kissing on the mouth kissing. All right, we got two things, two orders of business here to end the show. If it is your first time tuning in, Chamber and I are both dads, hence the mid mic crisis moniker. So we have a segment here called dad Talk, dad talk.
Speaker A: Dad talk.
Speaker B: It's time for some dad talk. All right, so we've had a quite the couple weeks here on dad talk, you had to buy your kid a trampoline. How did that go?
Speaker A: Well, honestly, it worked. She has not said I hate you since making the deal and I feel we've worked it out of her system. It's been great.
Speaker B: The Spider man letter worked originally. Kid still not listening to save his life. It's. It's pretty rough. But Chris asks if the kids in that. In that thumbnail for the drop are generated by AI. Were they?
Speaker A: Possibly.
Speaker B: So today, my dad talk segment is titled strong independent toddler. So, you know, we've had this problem with my oldest son, who's three and a half, and he's having a very hard time listening. So a couple weeks ago, I sent him a letter from Spider man telling him how important it was to listen and follow directions, and he could be a superhero too. That went well, but it's kind of worn off, and he can't read, so he visited very often. But so the other day, man, we were having a. Just a really hard day with him, and every little thing that we tried to get him to do or listen to us about was a battle, like, even things that he would normally do without a fight or whatever. And so we're getting ready for bed, and he's giving me a hard time about brushing his teeth. Give me a hard time about going to the bathroom. Give me a hard time about this. Give me a hard time about that. And I finally looked at him, and I just was like. I shook my head, and I just go, Graham. I go, what? Like, why are you giving me such a hard time about every little thing? And I said it to him just like that. And he's on the toilet as I'm asking him this, and he just. He looks up at me. He looks up at me, and he just goes, dada. I said, yeah. And he goes, I just want to do my own thing. And I was like, what a fucking answer. I was like, my man. I respect that. So.
Speaker A: Absolutely. How do you. Yeah, like, how do you. How do you come back from that?
Speaker B: You can't. And I totally relate to it, but I don't know what to do about it. What do you. What do I do?
Speaker A: That is literally said, I always just.
Speaker B: Want to do my own thing.
Speaker A: So I think that's a great answer that he had. I do think just. Just good advice for parents in general is. Is balancing the honest conversations. Like, hey, big g, top g, top g top g. This is how, you know, this is how. When you do that, it makes me feel this way. We need to figure out a way that you can do your own thing, but at the same time, you know, you gotta, you know, you gotta figure out a way to listen, especially because at the end of the day, you know, dad doesn't want to upset you. I'm only looking to do things right.
Speaker B: I keep saying I don't want to. Like, I don't want to fight with him.
Speaker A: I'm not. Yeah, I'm not looking to ruin your day, but there are some things that I know that you don't necessarily know. And when I'm asking you to do stuff, there's usually a good reason behind it. So I'm gonna try to be as, you know, as transparent with my reasoning. You know, obviously try to dumb down the words for him, but you want to be. Yeah. You want to explain to him the reasons you're asking to do so. Like, my kids donut what? I'm yelling at my kids. It's usually because I don't want them to get hurt.
Speaker C: I'm.
Speaker A: And they say, oh, I'm not going to get hurt. I'm like, yeah, until you fucking get hurt.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And then I get mad because I'm like, oh. Like. And they're like, well, why don't you love me when I get hurt? Because I knew you were going to get hurt, and I told you not to do it, and now I'm obsessed with.
Speaker B: You.
Speaker A: Yeah, transparent conversations.
Speaker B: Have you ever used this one from Chris? Tell him he can do that when he gets a job and pays the bills. That's, that's my father speaking.
Speaker A: Well, see, I, unfortunately, have come to the realization that I never get too down, I never get too hard on my kids because it wasn't their choice for me to bring them into this world. Like, they didn't have a say. So at the end of the day, I'm always a bit more like, oh, like, yeah, this was my decision, or this was me and my wife's decisions to bring you in. And, you know, if you're acting like an asshole, it's something I have to deal with, not necessarily something that they have to deal with, you know what I'm saying? So a little bit more of that, but, yeah, it's, it's tricky, man. Turns out nobody knows what they're doing when they're parenting.
Speaker B: Oh, God.
Speaker A: That's the biggest, that's the biggest, you know, deceit we were fed as kids.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, it's crazy. But anyway, all right, that's, that's dad talk. Unless you have anything else or should we wrap it up with, I mean, quickly.
Speaker A: I went to a barbecue on Sunday with some friends, and you know me, I'm not a, I'm not a friend. Guy. I don't go see people. And I brought my kids, and my two kids were visiting, two boys that were both young. Their oldest was younger than my oldest, and their youngest was younger than my youngest, if that makes sense.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. And it turned out that I realized that I was. I was the shit parent. I don't know. I called my kids, like, my youngest one, like, I stopped being a little shit, and he looked at me and this is a guy that I've, you know, you know, you've been introduced to him.
Speaker B: Oh, it's your buddy.
Speaker A: Yeah, this is my buddy. Yeah.
Speaker B: The gorilla.
Speaker A: The gorilla, yeah. So we have done many of vile things in our lifetime, and I called my kid a little shit, and he looked at me like. Like, don't say that in front of the kids. Hey, don't say that about your kid. I'm like, oh, do you not swear around your kids? Like, oh, I swear all the time. It turns out he's a way better parent than I am. So that was it. Yeah.
Speaker B: He's also just a hustler, and he's just a way better human than either.
Speaker A: Way better. Yeah, way better.
Speaker B: That's dad talk. We've got one more segment here if you're new to the show. We have a wonderful producer who helps us through each and every week. His name is pain, and it is time at the end of the show for 1 minute of pain.
Speaker A: He's not looking for anything. It's too late to hide.
Speaker B: Time for 1 minute of pain. 1 minute of pain. Of pain. All right, pain. What is up this week on 1 minute of pain? First and foremost, grade the show today.
Speaker D: Fellas, I don't know how I say this every week, but it just keeps getting better, whether the numbers are bought it or not. I mean, the people, people love it.
Speaker A: Turns out AI influencers love watching podcasts about AI.
Speaker B: Just swarmed. After they. After we talked about them, they all. They all went, oh, they're talking about me. Yeah. What else is new? Pain. Are you looking forward to the, you know, becoming a bigger part of the dad talk segment or what?
Speaker D: Yeah. Yeah. We will drop on the show. I'm going to bed. I'm in about a month. I'm going to be. I don't know which side I'm going to be on. I wanted to ask you all for, for my 1 minute. What's more painful, two boys or two girls? Because I don't have one of either yet.
Speaker A: I'll give you my honest opinion. I think two girls is better for a dad. And worse for the mom. I might be wrong bunch.
Speaker B: What are your thoughts not having girls? I'm going to say that boys, so they're just different energies. Like, boy energy is just chaos energy all the time. A hundred percent. Two boys is 100% chaos all the time. Especially when they're close in age and. But I feel like it would be an overtime thing. Like, I feel like I have it really hard right now. But as they get a little older, it's going to be easier for me than it would be if I had to. Girls at that age. Chris agrees. Two boys is the best. What else is on your mind today? Pain. Anything that we did today blow your mind, intrigue you? Anything like that?
Speaker D: I'm very much intrigued. I'm always intrigued at the automation stuff. I was really upset I missed the session yesterday with Mister Bunshee, but I will be there next week, even messing around. We didn't talk about it here on the show, but gamma app. Just because I thought how cool it was, I went around and messed on it a little bit and that, I mean, it's legit. So this AI stuff is real, it's coming, and. And now is the time to really, really invest in it. Vest your. Invest some time in it to make your life easier in the future.
Speaker B: I think that's the key point, right? It's like, how can you use this stuff practically? And like, how does it actually make your life easier, better, more efficient? All of those things. So, pain. Any final words before we get out of here?
Speaker D: Hey, um, get busy living or get busy dying?
Speaker A: Smash that, like, button.
Speaker D: Special.
Speaker B: Yeah, smash that, like, button. Thank you, producer Payne. Appreciate you as always. Chambers on his way to do horse stuff and undead I. Till next time, keep the mic hot. What have I done? What have I become? I can't describe this. This is my mid mic crisis.
