Speaker A: I'm gonna tell you right now, pain, I love some eighties hip hop that, that original hip hop is, it really gets me going. Did you hear some of those names in the, in the quotes?
Speaker B: I did, I did. Throwback.
Speaker A: Like Bernard King.
Speaker B: I was like, my goodness, sounds like a plumber.
Speaker A: So we're going to talk a little basketball for bunches running late. I think he's taking a pregame. We're going to talk a little basketball real quick because I'm seeing things in the last, I would say honestly, over the last year that's been transforming the basketball landscape for, like I said, a good twelve months. And that's the emergence of Angel Reese and Caitlin Clark as female superstars in the basketball world. Did you watch the game yesterday?
Speaker B: Absolutely.
Speaker A: Like, it's, I would, I mean, I don't even think it's an argument. I think comparing at least some of these games to the, to the men's college NCAA tournament. I mean, it's not even close. Would you, I'm looking for your feedback because I feel like I'm more of a, I feel like you have a better grasp on the, the kind of, the intricacies of the game as I'm more of a fan.
Speaker B: Yeah. No, it's, I've been saying that for the last couple years. It's, it is really exciting. I've followed really Paige Becker's Caitlin Clark. I didn't really know about Angel Reese, but some of those younger players even before they got into college, just knowing like they kind of changed the game a little bit. So it's been cool to see how everything's, everything's progressed and, you know, the women's sports getting, getting its due and a lot of times it's, it's more exciting than, than some of the, some of the men's games, I'd say for sure.
Speaker A: Yeah. Well, I mean, at least with like the, there's, there's definitely like a through line that I'm seeing with, you know, Angel Reese and Caitlin Clark. You know, if you hearken back to the late seventies, like the Michigan NC State or not NC state, Indiana state games with bird and, and magic and how that, like people don't, some people may not know, like bird and magic like revived the game of basketball like it was, I would suggest anybody go watch like what was the Will Ferrell movie where he owned the leagues were on the verge of collapse and I feel semi for all, definitely highlights that and magic and Bird like just absolutely resurrected it. And then obviously Jordan, and then Jordan took it to the next level, but I feel like that's what we're seeing right now, and it's so impressive. So I just wanted to touch on that real quick.
Speaker B: Yeah, I got one more question before we get to the end of ethnfts, but how do you feel about Angel Reese?
Speaker A: I love her. I love, like, knew that you would.
Speaker B: Because I can't stand her.
Speaker A: I love both of them. I love, like, Caitlin Clark is unreal. I don't know which one I like more, but, like, I like them both very much. I'm just happy because, you know, I got two girls, and they like to play sports. My oldest daughter is just getting into basketball, and, you know, I can show her clips of, like, Kobe and LeBron and Steph Curry and stuff, but I think it's more significant that she has somebody that she could like. You know, she doesn't. My kid doesn't not look like Caitlin Clark. You know what I mean? Like, she kind of. You know what I mean? So she can see somebody that is. You know, she doesn't look. She looks more like Caitlin Clark than she looks like LeBron James. You know, I'm saying.
Speaker B: Yeah, like, no, she looks a little.
Speaker A: Bit like LeBron James, but definitely more like Caitlin Clark. You know, I'm saying apples to oranges. Yeah. I mean, she's got a. She's definitely has, like, a 35 year old man beard, uh, and a receding hairline, but that's where it stops.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Um, other than that. Other than that, it's mostly Kate. And so I'm just happy that, uh, you know, kids can see this and I. And have new. You know what I mean?
Speaker C: New.
Speaker A: New heroes that they can. That they can follow, and I just think it's awesome.
Speaker B: Yeah. Also jokes when you fixed it, because neither one of them are in the WNBA right now, so good try.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, WNBA is about to, like, blow up, like, because I think Angel Reese is. I think she's going to the draft this summer. Yeah, for sure. I'm not sure if Caitlin Clark is yet, though.
Speaker B: Well, she'll probably go play in the. In the big three, because she got offered $5 million to play in it versus going to get, you know, 70k in the WNBA.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's about to change, too. WNBA is about to turn a profit. You heard here first, byways bunches here, all bidet up, ready to podcast.
Speaker C: Is that what I was doing? I was.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's. I said pregame question mark.
Speaker C: Yeah. I actually didn't know what that meant, and I was like, yeah, I'm not going to be late to the end of the show. That doesn't make any sense.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, I just use that term a lot. Maybe it's just not a term that most people.
Speaker C: I get it now. I get it now. Yeah, I got you. I thought you were asking me when I was going to show up, and now I understand.
Speaker A: It was a poop joke.
Speaker C: Yeah, I got it. I'm on record now. I'm on. Or I want to go on record and support pain's opinion on Angel Reese. Not my. Not my cup of tea. I am. You know, she. She annoyed me in the. Was it the championship game last year? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. That was. That was a little much for me. I'm a. I'm a humble sport person that preaches sportsmanship, and I feel like you're the Angel Reese of this podcast.
Speaker A: I am the Angel Reese of this podcast.
Speaker C: Yeah, you definitely. Anyway, what's up? How we doing? It's Tuesday.
Speaker A: It's Tuesday. I was scrambling for a name for the podcast, and then I said, oh, yeah, didn't people drop like a new piece of art that highlighted the fact that eth nfts are dead? I. So I'm like, oh, let's call it that. And then I hop, like, I hop on the midwife crisis account. I'm like, I'm gonna go check out what, you know, cap's talking about today. And sure enough, it was this exact same title. And I'm like, oh, shit, I guess that is the topic of the day.
Speaker C: The soup du jour.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, it's a soup.
Speaker C: Are they. What are your thoughts?
Speaker A: I. Yes, I think so.
Speaker C: That's going to do it for us today. Thanks for listening. Catch us next time. As we talk, we go in depth on other topics, like our meme coins dead. And that could be a ten minute conversation as well, seven of it dominated by women's college basketball. And that's going to do it. All right, so eth nfts are dead. Are nfts in general dead or just eth? What's your take on nfts as a whole?
Speaker A: I mean, I don't think, for the record, I don't think ethnfts are dead, by the way. I think Solana has had a fantastic run over the last, whatever, twelve months ish with obviously tons of liquidity, you know, migrating from eth nfts into Solana nfts. And then obviously, Solana as a whole and that, you know, that turned into Solana meme coins. And there's just been so much focus on Solana over the past little bit. Now we're seeing, you know, now we're seeing l two s. I've heard there are l three s, apparently now, which is very confusing. I don't even know what that is, but I've seen that next week we'll.
Speaker C: Be discussing l four s. Yeah.
Speaker A: I don't even know what's happening anymore, but I feel like the l two s tried to take, you know, tried, tried to take the volume and I think for the most part has stumbled. There are some. Some meme coins and stuff like that that have popped off quite nicely on some of those l two s. But I would say as a whole, not there yet. So I don't know, I think people are dogging Ethereum. I think Ethereum's going to have its day once it starts running, because it hasn't been correlated with bitcoin and Solana. I feel like bitcoin and Solana definitely popped off harder over the past little bit. I think Ethereum has some time to catch up. And if Ethereum all of a sudden starts making a move that is bigger than bitcoin or Solana, we'll see new nfts come in, we'll see some older nfts kind of revive a little bit. But I do think the $150,000 ape pictures, I don't think we'll see that again.
Speaker C: Yeah, I still think you're going to see high value nfts on Ethereum. I think maybe the days of like a new collection running to 200 eth.
Speaker A: Yeah, there was 10,000 of them, right? Like, I can see high value nfts on a smaller scale, but I don't.
Speaker C: Know, like, even punks, right, like, punks are. Punks are an ETH NFT and they're got a $200,000 floor still. And I anticipate over time, the price of punks are just gonna continue to go.
Speaker A: Yeah, I could see the same thing with bored apes as well. I just don't think, like a new.
Speaker C: Like, that seems to deal with bored apes right now, personally, is just that, you know, many people are deciding, obviously there's the blur farming stuff and many people are trying to chase, you know, where the attention is. And I don't blame anybody for that. But, I mean, Kat made a good point this morning, which was like, you know, there's plenty of people that are holding their apes and there's plenty of people selling it to go, you know, for the opportunity cost and some of those people are going to put it all in meme coins and they're going to lose it all and wish they had their ape. Right. So like I, which I think is viable. Yeah, no, very. So like, you know, you got to know yourself if you're holding one of these things and decide if that's your journey or not. Right? Like, um, but I don't think like apes are dead forever because they're at a twelve e floor price. I mean, do you?
Speaker A: No, not, not board apes specifically. I'm just saying more everything's going to.
Speaker C: Catch a bid at a certain price and when it catches a bid, you better be ready because guess what? It means there's no sellers left and, and all it's going to take is a little bit of juice and energy. Once those, I mean, just watch every meme coin chart out there lately, right? It's what happens when sellers are gone and volume ticks up. Everything gets a God candle. It's going to be the same for certain NFT collections. I don't think all of them. I think some existing ones will re catch a bid when the attention dies down. And maybe, maybe it proves that. Like, and I'm not saying this is true or not, I'm just philosophizing. Maybe it is. Maybe we learn that NFTs are more of a bear market attention thing in terms of. Yeah, no, that's in terms of like, where to store your value rather than where to create it, which I don't think is that far fetched. Right? You go make a million bucks this cycle, you don't want to take it all to your bank account. You see a bottomed out five eth floor ape, you might buy a couple of those, or you might buy a crypto punk as a store of value or a fidenza as a store of value. That doesn't mean they're bull market assets. That means they might catch attention when this is all over. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: No, absolutely. And I mean, obviously there's the, the chance that just new NFTs are created and have their own run, right? Because I honestly look at this, I look at like we talk about like when we started and let me pull up coinmarketcap now and I look at some of the old stuff that, you know, we used to trade back in 2017 and 2018 and they still have market caps. However, they are not moving. You know what I mean? Like they have value theoretically, but like they're not moving. Like I look at like stuff, stuff like Filecoin or like Ethereum classic. Ethereum classic member.
Speaker C: Ethereum classic.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, it's number 27 on the coin market cap right now with a market cap of $4.4 billion. Am I reading that right? Yeah, 4.4. Yeah, $4.4 billion.
Speaker C: You know what it takes to move, though? You know what kind of volume it takes to move those dinosaur coins, though?
Speaker A: Like, it's crazy, but that's what I say.
Speaker C: Like, meanwhile, I don't know if you saw this, but, like, litecoin's catching a bid. Like, coins moving.
Speaker A: Like, what is it? It's at 107, right?
Speaker C: Yeah. Isn't that nuts?
Speaker A: But I feel like that is. Yeah, like it's going to fluctuate between like a 100 and $200 for eternity. Do you know I'm saying same, same with filecoin. Same with Ethereum. Like, obviously not that exact.
Speaker C: I disagree on file coin, though I may be not. I don't actually think Filecoin goes much higher because they're going to be using things like Filecoin for AI storage, I think, in the future.
Speaker A: Yeah, I like it.
Speaker C: It's my bullish file coin take of the day. I bet you didn't think you were guessing.
Speaker A: I was not prepared for a bullish file coin take, by the way.
Speaker C: I mean, just, uh, the. Never mind, I'll pivot. I'll pivot in a second and go back to that. But anyway, finish.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, just like, like Stellar, you know, like how. Oh, yeah, like how popular was XLM?
Speaker C: Dude, it was the ripple competitor, I.
Speaker A: Would say at some points was even bigger. I mean, I don't know.
Speaker C: Okay, so your idea here is that a lot of these NFT projects will end up like the dinosaur coins you are mentioning right now.
Speaker A: Yeah, like, not going to zero, but kind of like fluctuating 40% in either direction. Do you know what I'm saying?
Speaker C: Mm hmm. Totally.
Speaker A: And, you know, I don't know if that's a bad thing or a good thing, but that's what I see them as. Like, I see bored apes as like the stellar, you know, I mean, yeah, it's twelve eth right now and it could go to 25 Eth, but then it'll probably go back down to twelve and then back to 25. Like, I just don't think we're gonna see because again, these are still, like billion dollar market captain coins. And I don't think anything stellar has done. Like, like maker. Well, maker's a little different. Vechain, like $3 billion market cap. It's crazy, but that's kind of what I. With all this money chain.
Speaker C: Oh, my God.
Speaker A: Right? Yeah. Just with all this money flying around, I think that it's like. It's like web three purgatory, Jon saying, yeah, 100%.
Speaker C: I mean, there are a lot of coins, there are a lot of nfTs, there are a lot of collections, and at the moment, there's only a certain amount of attention. And this is what I keep talking about in terms of PvP versus PvE in the cycle, right? It's like maybe we're just nothing quite yet at that part of the cycle. When you think about when board apes really caught fire last time, it was in the PvE part of the cycle. In the PvP part, you had people like me selling at eight ETH because I thought I could do better elsewhere at the time with that money. Right. Like, and it took a really, really long time for them to really go parabolic like that. But it was when I. We were full bull and, you know, your grandmother was asking you how to buy a monkey pic that they went. That they went insane. And so, like, I think that it's at that part of the cycle where people are trying to rotate into where their opportunity is, and then as it gets deeper and deeper into it, there's just going to be more eyes and more attention everywhere. Right? Like, that's it. That's the thing is, like, right now, it feels like some places are, you know, you look inside, the lights are off, the door is closed, and you'll walk down the street in a couple of months and every place will have a line out the door. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Totally.
Speaker C: Yes. But that's not every NFT collection. It's not every token. Nope, not every going to be. And there will still be, like, new metas, but the ones that are still building, still providing value, still in the zeitgeist, still on Twitter, still hustling, they'll have relevance. And it might not be 100 ETH relevance, but it will be worth. Worth having, right?
Speaker A: Totally. Do you know what? The number. The number 100 holds a special place in my heart because I think of you every time I see this coin. Do you know what, did you know which one it is?
Speaker C: The number 100?
Speaker A: Yeah. Number 100.
Speaker C: Yeah, I know what it is. It's. It's Quant.
Speaker A: No, it's not.
Speaker C: Oh, really? Dude, I would have bet my life on it because I would have thought you were referring to quant being a top 100 token, which was your call from many years ago that came to fruition. And it was like, in order to do that, I had to like thousand x. And it did. Yeah.
Speaker A: No, this one is. Is you specifically. So this number 100 is iota. Every time I see Iota, I'm like, that's a bunch coin.
Speaker C: That was my first ever real big shitcoin win and round trip. That happened to me in the same token in 2017. I thought the. I thought Iota was the future of France. And maybe. Maybe it still is, you know, Internet top 100 now getting Internet of things now getting hot. You know, like we're in living in AI world. Iota can make a comeback.
Speaker A: You know, that's the move. I think that's the. That's the bid. Because iota used to be, I think, a top 20 at one point, maybe top. I don't think top ten.
Speaker C: It got pretty high up there, but, yeah. So there we go.
Speaker A: Quant sitting at 68, by the way.
Speaker C: Look at you. What an epic call that was. Still years later in the top, right?
Speaker A: Hey, everybody. Just want to take a quick minute to thank you for listening to this show. If you're interested in joining the conversation, you can follow us on Twitter edmike Crisis. We do a live show every Tuesday and Friday at 04:00 p.m. eastern. Please subscribe to the show on Apple podcast, Spotify, or wherever you're listening to this right now. Let's get back to the show.
Speaker C: How's your shitcoining going?
Speaker A: Fucking terrible.
Speaker C: Well, I have found myself, since last podcast as the charismatic leader of a new catcoin.
Speaker A: I saw that you are the CEO.
Speaker C: Literally from Friday to fucking Monday. I've been rugged twice on this goddamn thing, and I am reviving it with my bare hands if it's the last thing I do. And this was where the Filecoin part came in. One of the people that has, like, joined this community takeover team is one of the original Filecoin devs, which is really.
Speaker A: That's why you're so profile.
Speaker C: I was profile coin before, but now I am very bullish on file. And, you know, look, I would I do this with any token? No. The only reason I'm doing it is because the ticker is Mick mic magic Internet cat, and we are the mid mic crisis. So it's just got sponsorship or opportunity written all over it. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: It really does. And we need some sponsorship money. I'm running out. We need that. That magical Internet money.
Speaker C: Yeah. I'm doing the opposite of making money. So here's what I decided I was doing today. I was going to. I'm going bring the entire Degen network along for the ride with me. And I'm funding an airdrop. So if you are in the dj network war room, go check out the announcement channel. I am airdropping. Anybody who's interested, some magic Internet cat, jump in, retweet the tweet there, join in the telegram, drop your wallet address, and I'm funding this out of my own pocket so please don't dump on my head. But well, of course they will, you know. You think JP Caz is gonna hold? JP Kaz can't hold his bladder, let alone damn token.
Speaker A: You know, I hear ya, I hear ya.
Speaker C: Rock croc sold at OTC before even got it. Unbelievable.
Speaker A: These guys just slinging in the streets.
Speaker C: Well, I mean, look, they're in a better position than me. I'm sitting here funding an airdrop. I've been rugged on twice, you know, so, so check out the story here. So remember, remember last Friday, we were, we were approaching all time highs as the podcast was going on. It was great. Everything was going. It then became the community takeover part one. Dev decided he was rugging it and sent the thing to zero. Literally went from, at the time of our recording, we were pushing over 400,000 market cap at that time. And it went to, at its low, 28. $28,000 market cap. $28,000 market cap.
Speaker A: And what are we sitting at currently?
Speaker C: So hold on, wait, wait, wait. The story's not over, by the way, if this doesn't sound like the makings of a multi million dollar market cap comeback, I don't know what does the, so, you know, we're all rallying at that point. Some folks decide they're going to take it over. They set up a new telegram, a new, a new Twitter. You know, there's a small little team going at it and I kind of, you know me, it's like I'm around there, I stick my head in the community. All of a sudden I've got a side hustle, you know, it's like. So I found myself somehow in the middle of it and was working with the guy that kind of took it over, just giving him ideas, volunteering for some stuff, all the stuff, stuff. And this was now into Saturday. We pushed a little revival from, let's see, $24,000 or the $28,000 market cap to we peaked again at 141 70 on sometime on Saturday. And then the dude that was that took it over, who set up the new telegram, set up the new Twitter, set up all the new stuff owned, all of the stuff goes Mia, sells his tokens and, and just doesn't respond. So now whoever has left had no access to the Twitter, has no access to the telegram to do any, like, admin stuff, anything like that. So we got double rugged here, right then from, you know, Saturday to, gosh, Sunday, yesterday, whatever, we went back from 170 to 43k market cap. That was where we ended up. And the last couple of days, a new group has emerged. Seven of us have decided we will revive this thing if it's the, the last thing we do. And as of today, new Twitter, new telegram, new group. We hit 480k market cap this morning. We caught a bid and we hit 447 at the high. And it retraced a little because you got to figure all those old people underwater wanted their exit pump, right. Retrace a little. Currently sitting at 146. So we've gone from 26k, sitting currently at 146. And I think we're looking up. I think things are looking up. We got some juice going. We got some juice going. And I said, let's bring the fam along with. And it's. So I bought, I bought a nice amount of tokens in that 22k range. So I'm sitting with some nice supply that I can share with my fam. And like I said, don't, don't dump it on my head, please.
Speaker A: We love to see it.
Speaker C: So if you're in the discord, go fill out the form. There is a yes or no question on whether or not you will sell it. Please answer honestly. If you answer no, I'll probably still give you the tokens anyway. But you will go in my little black book on my desk and, uh. Yeah, so join the telegram, come share some cat memes, follow the Twitter. This is going to be, I'm telling you, I'm going to will this into existence. It's going to be manifested into millions. And if it's not, you know, we're, there's not a lot of room to go down from here, so could it go to zero? It would have gone to zero anyway, but we're giving it our best shot. What are your thoughts?
Speaker A: I'm so impressed just to kind of give you the highlight of what I did, I sold my bag.
Speaker C: On the first rug or the second rug on.
Speaker A: I sold it after we did our show. So we did what, Friday? I think on Saturday or no? Yeah, Friday was Friday with the show. I think on Saturday I may have sold. It was kind of trending downwards and I was just like, I was really excited about Hammy. And I'm like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna double down. I'm gonna go hard on. I'm gonna go ham on Hammy. Hammy on the flip side has gone down roughly 80% since that show. And I've been buying dips, and I'm, like, just continuously underwater. I have no idea what to do. So that was my big play. I should have stuck it out with that magical, those magical Internet cats, because the hamster did not.
Speaker C: So how high did the hammy go? I know there was some. I know phonics was in on the hamster. I know.
Speaker A: So I got in about.
Speaker C: Riggs had a big handbag.
Speaker A: Yeah, I don't know where they all went. They probably all dumped on me. I got in on the way to the top. So I think the peak was about a $30 million market cap.
Speaker C: Okay. That was the breakout. Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah. So I think I was in like 20 to 25, and then it started coming down. I picked some more up at 20, pick some more up at 15, pick some more up at twelve. It's currently sitting at a $7 million market cap. Wow. You just cannot, cannot catch a break. But see, my thought was, this is my thought.
Speaker C: The magic Internet cat is going to surpass him by the next show. Watch it.
Speaker A: I'm not even sure, like, I'm, I'm going to, I'm going to liquidate my, my position and I'm going to put.
Speaker C: It all into come back in. The waters are nice.
Speaker A: I think I might, you know, it's bad news.
Speaker C: Uh, but take that levered bet on bunch you. It doesn't always work, but some, it works. This one's low enough where you could take a beta.
Speaker B: You know, I also want to say that I also pulled out of my mic position before the first rug. Little did I know it. Rugged twice. But I'm, I'm back.
Speaker C: Let's go.
Speaker A: I love to see it.
Speaker C: This is going to be the comeback story of the year. I mean, tell me if this doesn't catch a little volume, it's ready to go there. I mean, first of all, the token supply is short. The, there's only 9.5% of the supply left in the radium pool, so it's sufficiently gobbled up. So, you know, just need the, the love and attention of some beautiful dj's and we'll be off to the races, I think so. You know, maybe I won't catch the COVID of Forbes, but maybe cat fancy. I don't know, maybe what do you think?
Speaker A: I. Magic cat aficionado.
Speaker C: Yeah, whatever. All I know is you have no choice from here on out. But this podcast is now sponsored by Magic Internet Cat. It is the mid cash tag Mike crisis. There you go.
Speaker A: I love it.
Speaker C: It's perfect. The ticker works.
Speaker A: It really is.
Speaker C: Just now, I have built in marketing for the rest of my life, or until I decide I don't want to.
Speaker A: Do the show anymore, which I'm sure will come much sooner than the former.
Speaker C: Yeah, right. Well, I'll tell you, I'm less likely to rug the token than the show because there's financial incentives behind the token.
Speaker A: It's a good point. I do have a question for you, because I'm just getting eaten up in these streets here, and I thought I knew what I was doing. Turns out I didn't. But when you come, so say you're in a hypothetical bag, okay? You're in a position, and that position is down whatever. Say 30% on the day, 40% on the day, and you're like, maybe you're seeing something else move. You know, say something else is up, like 15% to 20% the rotator. Right? Like, well, do I rotate and catch the momentum on this other one? My thought has continuously been, there is more upward, there's more opportunity to make up that difference on the bag I'm currently holding. So my best option is always to kind of, you know, if I can. If I can double dip or I can add more to that bag to, you know, DCA it, because it's taken such a pullback that I think there's going to be more upward momentum possibility in that particular bag. But I'm going to be honest with you, that has not been working lately. So, I don't know. Do you think I'm way off?
Speaker C: Let me ask you a question. When you are trading these, are you trading market cap or price?
Speaker A: Market cap mostly, I would say.
Speaker C: In a situation like you just described, I would probably be fully zoomed out into whatever the highest timeframe I can go and look at that last supply and demand zone of where that market cap was. And it's typically around psychological levels like two hundred fifty k, five hundred k, a million, five million, whatever. Whatever. The lowest one is on an aggressive pullback, there's a good chance it's going to go there. And so I've watched so many of these do the same thing in the past two, three weeks that I would probably. I would probably, depending on how high above that zone I was, sell the bag and look, to buy that zone or DCA at that level to come back from that would be how I would play it. But I'm also getting chopped a little bit. But I'm not a rotator, obviously. Over the past couple weeks, I am a. I made. I'm a community member. Unfortunately, that's what I fucking am. Like, that is who I am. I, like, crocs was giving me a little bit of shit in the shit Quinn chat today, and I had to literally come to the realization, like, what am I doing? I just gave myself an extra set of job that I didn't fucking need, that I don't have time for, that I didn't need, and, like, because I'm gonna. Cause I like to build stuff. So, like, I tried to do the same thing with the Pepe and Solana. The problem with that one was it was way too high already. Like, I already bought it pre pumped, so I couldn't do the things with it that I wanted to. Right? Like, my bag was not big enough where I could go airdrop some people, for example. Right? Like, it just wasn't. And, like, it needed stuff like that. So, um. But I'm a community member and a builder, and that's just the roles I keep finding myself in. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: I hear you, man. I hear you. I don't even know what to do with myself anymore.
Speaker C: Just. Hey, look, just. The water's nice and early over here in the mid mic crisis. We are. We're just getting started.
Speaker A: Did you just rebrand it to mid my crisis?
Speaker C: This is. This is the mid mic crisis.
Speaker A: Oh, I see what you're saying. Sorry. I thought you meant, like, magical Internet cat.
Speaker C: No, but the. But our new logo is just gonna be me and you floating cat heads.
Speaker A: All right. Okay.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker A: You know what? I'm not opposed. I'm not opposed to it. So are we gonna be dropping any, like, nfts on this thing, or what else are we doing?
Speaker C: Sky's the limit, man. Maybe. Maybe I'll just. Maybe we'll just airdrop some filecoin next. Who knows?
Speaker A: Okay. All right.
Speaker C: Sky's the limit. Look, we got. We've got a little scrappy team put together now, so we're gonna do some stuff. I don't know. I was throwing out some AI possibilities yesterday. Who knows? We will cook up something.
Speaker A: I love it.
Speaker C: First, it just needs to get the. The eyes, the attention, right? So we'll airdrop some DJ's will. I actually think I'm gonna airdrop all Solana saga phone holders. I think I'm gonna do that next, and we'll get a little holder base going and just drown them in cat memes.
Speaker A: I love it. I mean, you can't. You can't bet against cats, right?
Speaker C: You can't bet against cats, and you can't bet against this show. There's a reason. It's like a cockroach and just hasn't died.
Speaker A: Unable to die, just like twinkies.
Speaker C: I also. I have another official statement of apology to make here.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: I started to go there with t row last week, and I finally seen the light on. I had chosen the wrong pepe initially. I had chosen the wrong one. I've come to that conclusion. That was my, you know, 90% loss. I've adopted a new pepe in my life.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: Yes, this is the true og. Pepe coins on eth. Have you. Have you heard of this?
Speaker A: Like, Pepe on Ethan?
Speaker C: No. Pepe coins.
Speaker A: I keep seeing it, and I got confused. I feel the pepe narrative is too confusing for him, I'm going to be honest.
Speaker C: Okay, well, here's the thing. Here's the pepe. There is a lot of pepes, right? But, yeah, this one has actually been around since 2016, so it is technically the original. But the ticker is pepe coin, not Pepe. It got a little front ran or the shine taken off of it when the pepe you're referring to went crazy last year and now continues to do so now hit a three or $4 billion market cap, whatever the heck it got to. This pepe coin is more than just a meme coin. There's a lot of crazy utility stuff going on with it. And it's right at this intersection of, like, all the stuff I love, which is, like, meme culture, art, and, like, serious AI development, which is really, really interesting. So they're also doing this project, the same developers tying in this project they're working on called based AI. Our friend Fanzo, who we've had on this show before, and he's a frequenter of coffee with captain, did a really, really, really nice 20 minutes YouTube video breakdown, if you're interested in learning about it. But so these devs are essentially building this incredible AI l one and launching these things called brains. And I've only been involved here for a day or so, so I don't know all the little details, but it's super intriguing. You're essentially staking your pepe coin for that you'll eventually burn for these brains, and. Or you're holding your pepe coin, because you have to. It's, you know, you have to stake it for other things. They've got this trading bot coming out that's powered by these tokens. And the tokenomics of the coin are really interesting. It's currently sitting at a 750 ish. Let me see, $741 million market cap.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: And its token price is 560 ish. But the. I mean, what's your. What's your token supply on meab?
Speaker A: 10 billion.
Speaker C: 10 billion. This token, the Pepe coin token, 133 million tokens. That's it.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker C: And 75% of them are staked.
Speaker A: Really?
Speaker C: Yeah, it's super.
Speaker A: That's interesting.
Speaker C: And T Ro has been trying to red pill me on this for or green pill me on this for like a month. And a month ago, yesterday night, the price was fifty cents, I believe. And now. So you've already gotten 100 x on it. But I think. I think with all the stuff that's coming out, it's got some room. But either way, this is the perfect. This is the perfect spot for me, the community member, to be like, you know what I mean? Now I'm. Now I'm fully into the community side of this in terms of. It's got. It's a cross section of all my interests in the space currently. So I am. I bought a. I started to buy a very decent sized position today, got myself a couple thousand pepe coins, and I intend to buy more. I did miss this really nice dip that happened yesterday, but I'll live, I think. But anyway, so that's my other new endeavor.
Speaker A: You know what? I fade Pepe at every turn because I got bit early on with the Pepe dap nfts and I think I've been off of Pepe.
Speaker C: Did you get. Did you get bid on those? I remember making some money on those.
Speaker A: Maybe I remember, like, sitting in parking lots, like, dude, me too.
Speaker C: Like, literally trying to mint them in.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Like in my car.
Speaker A: Yeah, it was bad news. Just dumping money. I was. I remember using like, like using actual fiat dollars and loading up my ethereum so I could buy these things. And it's funny because this is the next topic I wanted to touch on. This was all done on an old Ethereum wallet and back in, what was it, 20? Was it 2020? Yeah, I think it was 2020. Back in 2020. I don't know if you remember this. My house got broken into.
Speaker C: And how could you think I would forget about that? Don't you remember? It was literally joked about your house getting broken into the Friday before it got broken into, and then I thought you were like, April fooling me.
Speaker A: No. Apparently a listener.
Speaker C: Yeah, right. It was a listener. That's right. They knew you weren't going to be home.
Speaker A: So a couple of months after I was, you know, I was on my computer and I was looking at my wallet, and literally, as I was looking at it, like a. Like, the price changed. Like, the amount of ethereum went away. And I'm like, oh, that's interesting. And then slowly realized that, like, my wallet was compromised due to this, you know. You know, they had taken some. Some electronics and stuff like that, and I think, figured out, you know, I think maybe like a flash drive had some. Some seed phrases on there, so it took a couple of months.
Speaker C: Oh, I forgot. I forgot. You got a hard wallet taken. That's right.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: And you wrote your seed phrase in a notebook like, I didn't. Your diary. Your diary. Panic, lettuce, pickle, hammer.
Speaker A: So I think it was actually on a. On a flash drive or something that I had saved, because I still have the book. The book still exists. They never took the book. The Holy Grail book is even worse.
Speaker C: Than all your pepe dap cards, though. They took your weed plants.
Speaker A: They did take my weed plants, and that was.
Speaker C: That's what they came for.
Speaker A: That is what they came for. And then they realized we weren't home and subsequently broke into the house, stole one of my cars, loaded it all up with all my things, and, you know, smoke some meth and flew away.
Speaker C: You leave your meth right next to your seat.
Speaker A: That's on me.
Speaker C: That's so weird. That is on you.
Speaker A: So. So, anyways, long story short, I still have the seed phrase for this wallet. And I started thinking about it the other day as I'm losing copious amounts of money. I'm like, I wonder if I install, like, on my, say, on my wife's laptop. Like, I open metamask and I restore the wallet. Okay, are there claims I could make that would be worth my while? Because I guarantee you, whoever.
Speaker C: Oh, probably, it's like those things you get in the mail that are like, uh, you know, you have free money sitting here from the state. Call this number.
Speaker A: No, I mean, are there, like, you know, like, airdrop claims I could make using that wallet?
Speaker C: That's what I'm saying. Like, you probably have old airdrops out there like, that you could probably get. I don't know, some of them have limited times on them, but.
Speaker A: Right. I'm wondering, maybe I'm reaching. Maybe what I'm asking is I'm reaching out to the listeners to tell me which ones I should be looking for, because.
Speaker C: Wait, do you have the.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: What do you have? You have the seed phrase.
Speaker A: Yeah, I have everything. Like, I just, you know, download the metamask, you know, app on my. My wife's laptop and. And restore it and then just start checking. I don't even know what I would check. That's the thing. Like, it could be. I don't know if I have, like, nft. I don't think I have nfts on that one still. But, like, are there claims I should look at? Like. Like, what were some of the. What were some of the good ones?
Speaker C: You know, ens.
Speaker A: Like, ens. Could I do.
Speaker C: Like, would be probably the biggest one, Jupiter, if you ever did it. You were. You were big in the Solana streets back then.
Speaker A: No, but it wasn't attached to my.
Speaker C: Oh, right. That was. It's a meta.
Speaker A: Metamask. Yeah. Like, I'm trying to think. So I think this is a project we could work on, is. Let's see how much money I can recoup from this old wallet. And so if anybody knows of any claims that I should check out, let me know and we can. We can test it out.
Speaker C: Interesting. Yeah.
Speaker A: I'll give you recaps as I get money, because that would be great. Like, it would be nice to find, like, a couple grand worth of, you know, worth of airdrops or, like, I don't even know what could be on there. Like, could I. Could I have old nfts? Did I mint some bored apes by chance?
Speaker C: Oh, my God. Imagine. Could you imagine what if you had an ape coin airdrop sitting?
Speaker A: No, that, like, I don't think so, because it was 2020. The action didn't really start till 2021.
Speaker C: Now, bored apart. Didn't even mint.
Speaker A: Right. So, yeah, it's tough to say, but, yeah, I would be curious if anybody knows of any. Oh, phonics says Ens blur. Magic, Eden. There's so many magic.
Speaker C: Magic. Internet cat. Yeah.
Speaker A: Is that on Ethereum now?
Speaker C: It'll be multi chain soon. It's the omnipotent cat brought to you by following. Yeah. Across all chains. I did while we were on the show. Had the telegram raid caps, tweet down below. Caps getting blown up by cats. And, you know, this is just my life these days, so.
Speaker A: Okay, let's. Let's do. I'm going to let you. I'm going to let you rule my wallet for a second. Okay.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker A: All right. My entire position, Hammy, which is currently down massively. Okay. Currently sitting at. It's fluctuating between a six and $7 million market cap. Okay. The peak was 30.
Speaker C: Yep. When did you get.
Speaker A: Listen, the average buy is probably 17 million mark. Okay.
Speaker C: With. With some size.
Speaker A: Yeah. With a vex size. Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: Do I liquidate everything and go to magic Internet cat?
Speaker C: All right, hold on. Let's actually do some responsible things here. Let's. Before we. Before we just say yes, let's go look at a hammy chart. What do we got here? Hammy is.
Speaker A: Yeah. H a m I.
Speaker C: All right, let's see what this thing looks like here. We're gonna do. We're doing it live, actually. This is the spot where it catches the.
Speaker A: That's what I'm saying.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Like, that's where we are.
Speaker C: Yeah. You. So it even spiked into 4.8 million. That was the spike you wanted. That. So, like, if you're zoomed out on an hour or 24 hours.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah. Okay, so right there at the bottom like that.
Speaker A: Mm hmm.
Speaker C: It almost hit it perfect.
Speaker A: It really did.
Speaker C: It could. It could go into that bottom red wick that you see. So, like 40, 45. So that's your buy spot. So you should either be buying now or holding now.
Speaker A: That's what I'm saying. So, like that.
Speaker C: Like you guys, I don't want to.
Speaker A: Put any more into it.
Speaker C: Right. So then you're. Then you're holding a, like, just off the bottom here. Today you've gotten a 45% bounce. That's pretty strong, I think, you know.
Speaker A: But you know the narrative behind this.
Speaker C: I just assumed it was phonics pet hamster.
Speaker A: No, I wish that it would have some legs. This is a YouTube guy.
Speaker C: Oh, this is the YouTube guy. This is the YouTube dude. There's still a lot of good volume here. So I. I mean, the five minute candle has 20k in volume. That's a lot of volume. In five minutes.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker C: 1 hour. Now, this is your. This is your hold or buy zone to me. But I mean, if that. If that level fails, it's going to, you know.
Speaker A: Yeah. I don't know when the last guy this. I don't know when the last time this guy put out a video, but I mean, his. His YouTube videos get, like, you know, 30, 40k views. Has.
Speaker C: We've done any since releasing the hamster?
Speaker A: No, he's not a.
Speaker C: Is this not his or is this not his?
Speaker A: No, he created this as, like, an experiment. From my understanding, from the videos I've watched.
Speaker C: Got it. I see.
Speaker A: So I don't think he's put one out since the weekend. So he. He's put out, from what I understand, you know, probably five, six videos specifically about this, but I don't know if he's put one out. This, like, you know, Monday, Tuesday. Sorry, who.
Speaker C: It peaked at 32 mil. Well, you're, like, in. You're into phase two of it, though, so it's like, you. This. This still has plenty of volume to get another run, in my opinion. And this is, like the buy zone. So for me, what I would have probably, like, the question you asked earlier is I probably would have sold somewhere in this big down candle, like, this big one from two days ago after seeing kind of the top eniss, like the tweezer top that was going on there, and then this, like, that red block between 8 million and 5 million is where I would have looked to rebuyde.
Speaker A: I agree in retrospect, but in retirement.
Speaker C: But that means don't sell it now. Like, now you're now with the volume. I think you have some legs.
Speaker A: But. Magical Internet cat, though.
Speaker C: Well, I mean, sure. Look, I'm just trying to do the responsible thing for you. Do I think magic Internet cat has multiples and upside? Of course I do, but, uh, I. When. I'm not going to just tell you to dump this in this at the bottom. Like, this is literally bottom buy zone. Right? Like, you can't do that.
Speaker A: But am I going to miss. Am I going to miss the flippening of mic versus Hammy?
Speaker C: You know, the catening? Uh, you know, I don't know. I think we. We still got some. We still got some work to do to get that volume, so. But if we do catch anywhere near some decent volume, it's. This thing's gonna go pretty quick. I think so. But, you know, it's. The whole thing is. Can you get attention? And attention is hard. You know the drill. You've been doing it since June or January. Like, it's not easy, especially when you're.
Speaker A: Losing money everywhere else, too.
Speaker C: Right, dude? Totally. I'm losing money here.
Speaker A: This is. Yeah, it's no fun. No, but we persevere, we stick to it, and we continue.
Speaker C: All you have to do to make multiples in this market is follow anything related to any token related to Ansem. Yesterday, you saw Hobbs, his cat, get a token that hits not even the.
Speaker A: Real name of his cat.
Speaker C: Who the hell knows?
Speaker A: I heard they made it up.
Speaker C: Let's just make up the name of Anson, third cousin and we'll see. Maybe his. Maybe his, uh, third cousin is a cat, and we could run with that narrative. What do you think?
Speaker A: I like it. I like how there's also Ansem mom.
Speaker C: Well, that's what I was gonna say. So Susan just did a 30 x while we were talking, and apparently that's Ansem's mom.
Speaker A: What world do we live in, man?
Speaker C: It's crazy. Just. Whatever.
Speaker A: But anyway, I don't want to be around anymore.
Speaker C: I don't.
Speaker A: So exhausting. How much. Okay, that being said, though, how much more life do you have? A week to week, now that we've gone to, like, two shows, so it's so much. Dude, it sounds so much better. I agree.
Speaker C: It's so much better. There's enough to talk about each show now. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: I agree.
Speaker C: Like, I've lived an entire life since Friday. Literally. My. This.
Speaker A: Oh, oh, speaking of, we didn't even talk about it. I need. We need to talk about real quick before we end the show. You put out what I. Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: We did not talk.
Speaker A: What I would call social media bait. I would have just heard a text like, hey, I saw something today. But I was very. I know. I was moved emotionally when I saw it, even though it was. It was engagement farming. But you. I'll let you tell us. Tell the. Tell us what happened.
Speaker C: Yeah, so. Well, we've talked about this on this show many times about how one, I'm colorblind, or color deficient, however you want to call it.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: To a fairly extreme level.
Speaker A: I was gonna call it. I was gonna call you color. Our word.
Speaker C: Color redacted for the sake of this conversation. The. Yeah, so colorblind. And everybody in my life tells me that I need to try those, you know, color correcting sunglasses.
Speaker A: And I didn't even know this was a thing. I had to look it up when I saw it.
Speaker C: No, we've talked about this on the show, and I've been. I've been. I've been against it. I've been against doing it.
Speaker A: You're. You're a truther. You're a.
Speaker C: Well, my thing was always. Cause my parents have tried, my wife has tried, and my thing was always that, like, they're only meant for outdoors. You can only wear them as sunglasses. At least that was my understanding and kind of still is. So my thought was, if I can go outside and see color, but I live 75% of my life indoors, I would rather not know because I like it. I would imagine I would be like, you know, once you know and can't have it, it's like, well, what the hell? And so it was Easter. My, we were out in the driveway doing Easter egg hunt with the kids. My cousin was there, and we're standing in the driveway. It's me, my mom, my cousin. My kids are running around, and he goes, oh, you got to try these. And he just hands them to me. And he's like, I was like, what is it? And he's like, oh, they're the colorblind glasses. And he, because he's also colorblind. And I was like, did they work? And he's like, yeah, they work for me. And so I kind of got, like, put on the spot. I didn't have a, like, I didn't, it wasn't a decision. It was a, you're putting these on, and I put them on and I'll end it, or I'll start with this, which was like, I made that tweet. And if you go through that tweet in the comments chamber, there's, I don't know, one or two folks in there that are, like, literally posting YouTube videos of how the glasses are scam and it's debunked and it doesn't work. X, y and Zenith. And they're like, telling me, oh, how much are they paying you? How much stock in the company do you own? And I'm like, bro, I don't even own a pair of these glasses. They weren't even mine. But I gotta tell you, I put them on, and it was, I got emotional. It was wild. So what I was looking at was an american flag. And I did not realize how much different I see the world than everybody else because I put these things on and I saw the red on the american flag in true red for the first time. And it was, it was pretty epic. And I don't give a shit what those YouTube videos say. I know what my eyes say, and it worked. It's not a cure for colorblindness. It, of course not. So don't think of that. Don't think of it as that. I think it enhances your, I don't even know how it possibly works. I don't know the science behind or what they claim the science behind it is. All I know is it fucking worked.
Speaker A: Well, it's funny. It's funny because I always, I always found it interesting. Okay? Like, things that we perceive, specifically, stuff that, like, like color. Color and taste and, and stuff like that. Like, I always think it's weird. I'm like, well, when I see red, okay, and I know I'm not colorblind, but even that, like, I see red and somebody else that's not colorblind, they're like, oh, that's also red. But is it the same? Like, are we seeing the same color?
Speaker C: Jump saying, I think about that all the time. Right? Like, I could tell you. I could tell you that the stripes on the american flag are red, but I see them differently than you.
Speaker A: Right, exactly. And even with your.
Speaker C: I know the grass is green and I see it.
Speaker A: Right. But even when you put those color correctors on, you see another color or you see.
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't know, maybe that's not.
Speaker A: And is that even, like the color, right. Like, is red, white and blue the same?
Speaker C: Well, that kind of, that was kind of the one thing that was so mindful blowing to me because I don't know if that's what you see, but it changed the way I see it. That's right. But I think, yeah, I think vibrant and like, oh, this. You guys get to do this all the time.
Speaker A: That's it. Honestly, I was very excited for you. So congratulations on colors. I think that's a big, big deal. And did you try using them inside, by the way?
Speaker C: I didn't. I literally had them on for probably 30, 45 seconds. That was it.
Speaker A: And in your research, is it true that it only works outside?
Speaker C: My cousin said there is a indoor outdoor version. I haven't done any more looking into it than that.
Speaker A: Okay. As long as they're not those transition lenses.
Speaker C: Well, that's what I feel like they would be, and I don't want that.
Speaker A: No, listen, and this is just a.
Speaker C: I'd rather probably just have the sunglasses at that point.
Speaker A: I'd rather be dead than wear transition lenses. For those of any of you listening that are wearing transition lenses, please stop. Just buy two pairs of glasses, one for inside and one for outside. You look like a psychopath. Do not recommend one out of ten.
Speaker C: You got the pirate thing going on with one of them tinted and one.
Speaker A: I would almost respect that. But if I have to look at anybody else, like, in transition coming inside my house, I'm going to lose my mind anyways. You want to wrap it up there?
Speaker C: Yeah, let's wrap it up there. I can now see colors I own. Magic, Internet, cats. Things are. I've changed my pepe ways. Things are heating up. Let's give the TldR of your recap is you hate everything. You're the angel Reese of the podcast. What else did you have anything bullish?
Speaker A: Yeah, I get. I'm losing money. I'm trying to recoup money from stolen. From stolen wallets.
Speaker C: All right? The stolen wallets.
Speaker A: It's all bad news. It's all bad. Times are tough.
Speaker C: Times are tough.
Speaker A: Times are tough.
Speaker C: But we're still having fun.
Speaker A: We are having fun.
Speaker C: By the way, dump your hammy and come over to magic.
Speaker A: There's the answer I wanted. All right, we'll do.
Speaker C: Don't do that. Don't do that. Just, uh, you. You have a slush fun somewhere.
Speaker A: I'm coming. I'm coming. Don't worry.
Speaker C: All right, uh, that's gonna do it for us. Until next time, keep the mic hot.
