Speaker A: I don't need to fall at your.
Speaker B: Feet just cause you got me to the bone.
Speaker A: And I won't miss the.
Speaker B: Way that you kiss me we were never gone and, stone, if I don't listen to the song all the time.
Speaker A: Then maybe I can pull myself down.
Speaker B: I'll get over you I know I will I'll pretend my ship's not taken and I tell myself I hope for you cause I'm the king I wish, I wish for I am the king I wish for I refuse to give into my bruise that's not how it's gonna be.
Speaker C: Gm. Gm Buncher. I hope you approved of that one. We picked it out just for you.
Speaker A: Loved it. That was just. I was incredible.
Speaker B: He doesn't even like the songs we pick for him.
Speaker C: It's. It's ridiculous.
Speaker A: What do you mean? I was great. That was.
Speaker B: That was more than that.
Speaker C: I don't feel the appreciation.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker C: Feel the love.
Speaker A: I mean, I'm not quite sure.
Speaker B: What is that? Is that. Is that how you hug your kids in the morning? Jeepers. Good job, little boy. Continue to be my son.
Speaker A: I'm not really quite sure here what I am expected to produce in that scenario. Like, I mean, what do you want me to do? Like, what is the approach? Demonstrate for me the approach.
Speaker C: Now? Right now, you see, your voice is fluctuating a little bit. It lets me know that you've got some emotion, that you feel something, and that's all I want to know.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I haven't felt anything doing this show.
Speaker B: Since 2019, but Payne and I had a call literally 40 minutes ago, and we're picking up song. We're like, let's get one for bunch. You know, let's. Let's get one for him, you know? And, you know, we're. I think we were. Our anticipation may have been higher than. Than we should have been, so this.
Speaker C: May be a perfect example of how I am. I always have the lowest of expectations, so I'm never let down. And the one time I had like, oh, this is gonna be.
Speaker A: I don't even think I was that bad. I don't understand. I. I thought it was a great song. I.
Speaker B: Okay. It's okay. We'll try. We'll be better next time. It's our fault.
Speaker A: No, I mean, obviously, I need to. I need to be more enthusiastic, I guess, is the word.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, appreciative, you know, decent human being, whatever. I mean, we could call it anything we want.
Speaker A: Well, hold on, hold on. So, first of all, appreciative implies that I knew there was intent.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Which. Which I didn't.
Speaker B: Well, in case you read our minds. Well, no, I read. I, for the record, read your mind earlier today.
Speaker A: You did? That's because we know each other very well. That was. I feel like it was just me, you, cap and steve on that call, and I feel like since we didn't say the quiet part out loud, they might have thought that we were referring to them. And we were.
Speaker B: No, we would have sat it right to that face.
Speaker A: Yeah, we definitely would have. But we. Yeah, we had a little mind meld. But look, here's why I wasn't way more enthusiastic about that, because it's a song we talked about like a week ago.
Speaker B: Wow. Four days ago. It's fine.
Speaker A: Whatever. So, like, the point. My point is, like, I just thought it was natural. Okay, I got it. Didn't, I didn't have the, you know. Oh, this was definitely for me. Thank you. Right.
Speaker B: You're right. You're right. No, you know what? It's definitely on us.
Speaker A: And look, the bottom line is I was too busy reading through Anthony's thread history and I was only half paying attention.
Speaker B: That's fair.
Speaker A: That's what was really happening. But, I mean, we should get right into it today because I personally only have till 430 and I've got a skedaddle.
Speaker B: I've already complained for five minutes now. We only have 25 minutes.
Speaker A: Exactly. That's what I mean. Let's just skip that part and let's be kings of wishful thinking that we're going to get through the rest of this without me complaining. Chamber. The title of the show today says it all.
Speaker B: Yeah, sometimes I forgot. I changed it this morning after I tweeted something and I forgot it was up there. And I'm glad it's still there.
Speaker A: Well, we're going to go through this real quick because it probably is going to be the topic of the entire show because of how polarizing this take probably is to most people down in the audience. But your tweet up above says, no pets are greater than cats, are greater than dogs. So is this a, this is a power rank.
Speaker B: This is a power ranking of things that should be in my house. Yeah.
Speaker A: Right. So no pets at the top spot. If you have to have a pet, it's cats. If you have to have, you know, another pet that's not cats, it. It'll be dogs. And then that's just saying that the whole pool is, is no pets, cats and dogs. You might, you might even insert other animals in there before dogs. Absolutely.
Speaker B: Like, there's like fish I put up there before dogs. There are certain animals, like hamsters and stuff like that, that do stink. I remember, like friends having like, oh.
Speaker A: You are just looking at the hamsters.
Speaker B: With a big fan. There's a big hamster.
Speaker A: No, just every, everything is immediately getting.
Speaker B: Oh, I don't know. We had a big hamster community here. Yeah. You know those, you know those, the, what are they called? Rodent pets. They always smell like the ferrets, the hamsters, the guinea pigs. Terrible pets.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: But still, still. Maybe better than a dog. It's arguable. This all stems from a couple weeks ago. Again, I've never been a dog fan, but.
Speaker A: No, you've held firm on your anti dog as long as I got ramped up.
Speaker B: A couple weeks ago, I was visiting my mom and with some family. We had a big family gathering for candidate weekend. And it's like, you know, it's first thing in the morning, having a cup of coffee. I'm sitting on the couch in my mom's living room, and my sister, she has two dogs, and they're small dogs. I don't know. I call them regular dogs. Whatever. I don't know what, I don't know what breed they are, but the regular ones, they're small, curly hair, ugly face, whatever those dogs are.
Speaker A: You sounds like you're describing some sort of monster.
Speaker B: You know, those little dogs, I don't know, they're there.
Speaker A: Some kind of doodle maybe?
Speaker B: A doodle, I don't know, like a shit suit.
Speaker A: Oh, the ugly doodle. Yeah.
Speaker B: Is that maybe, like, maybe that's what they are.
Speaker A: That could be.
Speaker B: Anyways, doesn't matter. It's ugly, shitty little dog. And they like to jump on me and stuff like that. They fucking love me. But this is not the, this wasn't the case. This on that particular morning, this one dog is sitting on a separate couch away from me on the far side of that couch. So very far away. And I'm drinking my coffee. I'm on my phone and I'm like, what is that smell? Like I'm smelling something that smells like death. And I'm like, I'm smelling around, like, is it me? I'm like, is it this coffee I'm drinking? And I'm looking at the dog and the dog is so far away. Like, I'm like, it can't be the dog. It's too far away. And like, I get up and I make my way closer to the dog and it's just getting more and more powerful. And I get right, like, maybe a foot 2ft away from the dog. And it's dis. Like, it's disgusting. I think I'm gonna vomit. And I yell at my sister. I'm like, what is wrong with your dog? And she's like, oh. Or like, the teeth, it's old. It's like. It reminds me of. What's. What's the name of the dog? Not muffin puffins. Is it? Puffins on? Uh, it's always sunny poppins. Thank you. It reminds me of.
Speaker A: We call me and my wife call my dog.
Speaker B: It reminds me of poppins, this dog. And I said, what is wrong with your dog?
Speaker A: So for those who don't watch always sunny Poppins is the dog that lives forever. He's resilient and, like, just doesn't.
Speaker B: Should have been dead a long time ago.
Speaker A: Should have been dead a long time ago. Survives everything and just, you know, strong independence.
Speaker B: So my sister goes on to tell me that apparently his teeth are just rotting out of his mouth because he's old and he just smells all the time. I'm like, we'll put the dog down. And then she started crying. She didn't like that answer. So, I don't know. It was just took. It's insane that you like something that much that you can just put up with that scent. Like, if any of my kids smell like that, that'd be maybe finding a new family for that way.
Speaker A: So I've had to go through this roller coaster of emotions around pets for a very long time now. I did not grow up with pets other than fish.
Speaker B: Same.
Speaker A: My dad and my parents are not pet people. Um, so I like them more every.
Speaker B: Time you talk about them.
Speaker A: Yeah, I got a dog in 2011.
Speaker B: Oh, so that was. And that was your first dog? That was my first life pet owner, yes.
Speaker A: And, um, here's what I'll say about that, is if my kids turn out, because I'm also, you know, a first time parent. If my kids turn out anything like how my dog turned out, I am in deep, deep shit. Like, my dog is the worst. He's just the worst. He's cute, but now he's getting old, so he's less cute. He is cranky. He will bite you. He will show his teeth at you. He is just a real total piece of.
Speaker B: Real piece. Slicked back hair and everything.
Speaker A: Oh, God. Lives for New Year's Eve, white Ferrari, just all of it. Eating sloppy steaks right out of the trash can. You can't stop them from eating steak and a bowl of water. You just can't. And so he is. He's the worst. Like, his name is Otto, and so he's still, he's still kicking poppins style sprouts. Very spry. He's still doing. I've got at least like this is guy. Because of how I currently feel about my dog. There is no chance he lives less than another, like 1015 years and into.
Speaker B: How old is that?
Speaker A: He was. I got him as a puppy, so I got him as a puppy. So he's, he's about to turn eleven or twelve.
Speaker B: You and my sister could do like a Billy crystal Dandy DeVito, like, throw mama from the train crisscross sort of thing, you know, where you guys murder each other's pets.
Speaker A: Well, if she's looking for a third, she can. I've got a good deal free mint meta on my dog. You could just have them. You could just have them. The. So then, so, you know, I don't know if he's always been like this or. I mean, maybe he has, but he, I don't know, he's just, you know, a real piece of shit. And in the meantime, I met my wife and she was always a cat person. And she tricked me into getting a cat.
Speaker B: Tricked, too, buddy. I got tricked too.
Speaker A: Yeah. She tricked me into getting a cat and then somehow tricked me into getting a second one.
Speaker B: That's the real trick. Fool me once, shame on you.
Speaker A: Yeah. And so, of course, this was all prior to having children. And, you know, it's manageable then. And once you throw two little children in the mix, under two years or under two and a half years old, your life becomes chaos very, very quickly. So, like, when you posted this, because I've always kind of combated your pet take and because I, I've always combated it. However, when you posted this, I responded as somebody, you know, who has both. I now agree with you. Like, the pets have become this source of stress in my life, right. That I, to be like, be completely honest, wish did not like I bunch.
Speaker B: I think you're getting canceled. Jonah Hills. Jonah Hill's praise and praising the skies right now.
Speaker A: And look, it's. I don't. This is how my life has evolved. And so now I live in a literal zoo. It's got a different, a bunch of different species and animals of all ages. And it's so that, so that's how I have evolved in my current, you know, pet life. But I think it's, I think I currently have this thought, because it's now just a source of stress in my life when I have these little kids. I don't think I would feel the same way if I did not have my kids.
Speaker B: Well, I think. I think that's you bringing up a great point, because I think a lot of people, you know, for a long, I'd say for a good amount of time now, like, I'd say a good ten plus years, you're seeing more and more people talking about, like, their pets, like, they're their kids and whatever, that's fine. And then you actually have kids and you're like, oh, shit. Yeah, no, these things are awful. And human beings are way better. And my kids are actually my kids. So I think there is that. So I could totally see why, if you, you know, if you wanted that additional stress. Like, for the record, also kids, not great. You know, no kids before. No dogs.
Speaker A: Well, I mean, they are, they're plenty.
Speaker B: Of stressful themselves, so ideally, nothing in the household, but. No, I get why people do it, but they're just wrong. They're just, they're just wrong. Either have kids or don't have kids, but don't bring dogs in because they're just terrible. They just stink and wreak.
Speaker A: Yeah. So, like, and I, you know, at the end of the day, I don't think I would trade my dog meaning for another dog if it actually came down to it. And I just was, like, gonna get rid of all the pets because I've actually really thought about this lately of, like, do I just get rid of them all? And I can't quite bring myself to do it.
Speaker B: You just call uncle chatter.
Speaker A: He'll come over and take, I mean, it's getting closer and closer every day, quite honestly. And then the worst part is, like, the cats are young.
Speaker B: Like, they're, they're like, they haven't even had much of a life. It's okay.
Speaker A: They're like, four. They're like three and five or whatever. Or maybe.
Speaker B: Sounds terrible.
Speaker A: Whatever. And, like, you know, cats live forever.
Speaker B: They do that. You get 20 years out of a cat.
Speaker A: That's, that's what I'm saying. And I'm gonna have, and I'm gonna have a dog that's 20 fucking years old because he just lives forever.
Speaker B: My daughter wanted, my youngest daughter asked me for a parrot the other day, and then it turns out those live like 80 years. And I know, way am I getting.
Speaker A: That's funny.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So I get it. I mean, I. You're gonna get lambasted. I think.
Speaker B: And I just, again, just like my jokes. I just appreciated you siding with me. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: I haven't sided with you on this issue prior in the past like we have in the last two years. This has, I've changed my mind on this.
Speaker B: Hey, glad to have you. Glad to have you.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm very glad that I only have twelve minutes left because this is the grenade that has just been thrown into the ring.
Speaker B: The fun part is my family's gone for the weekend and I got nothing but time. So you got a.
Speaker A: Well, you're. Well, I mean, I'm just looking at the stage here and we've got circles. Anthony and Sophia, I can tell people they're wrong.
Speaker B: We're about to get, I love telling.
Speaker A: People they're well, we're about to get roasted pretty hard here. Circles. Gm. Oh, I put Mister House up there too. And Vicky, Vicky's here.
Speaker B: I don't know if I can.
Speaker A: Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick. Is it 430 yet? I gotta go.
Speaker B: Who's going first?
Speaker A: Circles. Gm. Circles. I feel like is, I feel like circles somehow has like a field of like 30 dogs.
Speaker D: Actually, no. So I grew up with one shih tzu. So thanks for, you know, calling me out on that aspect. Wife grew up with some cats and one dog. We never actually had any pets. And then I'm also deathly allergic to them. Although, get this, I'm the only one who feeds. We've got like some yard cats. I'm the only one who feeds those. Don't know I got stuck with that. But we contemplated having pets and then we had children. And at least for tiny children, like, dear Lord, I can barely keep the house and everything cleaned with the children that I don't need the added stress. And don't get me wrong, I love a cute kitten. I love a cute puppy, even though the kitten's probably gonna kill me just with his allergies. Cats, I got no beef with them. Dogs, super loyal, love them. Just not my personal journey. But to throw that on the timeline, as chamber did, this guy doesn't give a fuck.
Speaker A: But it sounds, it sounds quite like circles that you are, you share, you share, in my opinion, essentially is like you potentially pro pet if you did not have children. Potentially.
Speaker D: I mean, I'll say this much, I'll even be pro pet if my children are old enough to at least halfway take care of me because, you know, they're not going to actually take care of the pet, but at least halfway take care.
Speaker B: That's fair.
Speaker A: Yeah. This is how I got tricked into hashtag cat stuff. The promise. The promise from my wife was that she was going to be doing all of the cat maintenance, and then she pulled this genius pregnancy, like, yes. And it's never gone back.
Speaker B: I think it's a scam. I think it's absolute bullshit. I think it's a myth. It's bullshit. I think it was concocted by the women of the world in order to do this to us. I don't think it's real. Vicki agrees.
Speaker E: I do agree on this one. I got a dog. I hounded my husband for a long time. Let's get a golden doodle. It'll be great. It will be. They said, these are the best dogs ever. And I'm not gonna lie. Ozzy waffles, I love him. He's great. But, like, yeah, he's my husband's dog now. Like, they spend a lot of time together. And, like he said, how the fuck did this work out? It was supposed to your dog. I have to take him for walks. I have to clean up when he vomits. Because you vomit. If I see the dog vomit, I vomit. Yeah. I do conceive. But I came up when Chayma said about ugly, ugly dogs and then mentioned doodles. Because I gotta say, of all the breeds there are doodles, golden doodles are the most handsomest dogs there are.
Speaker A: That's true.
Speaker B: Drop them. Can you. In the comments, can you put a picture of what you're referring to and I will judge it?
Speaker A: Oh, we have not had this many comments on our show in quite some time.
Speaker B: I haven't looked at. And for the record bunch was, I think was also referring to them, quote unquote, medical condition that when pregnant women can't scoop up kitty litter. Is that. Is that what you were getting at? Okay. Horseshit. I think it's horseshitz.
Speaker A: Yeah. So. Well, I don't know what they can do with horseshit.
Speaker B: I think it's scoop that up, no problem. But for whatever reason, catch. It's off the table.
Speaker A: Got it. I see. This is what happened. So she got out of the initial. That initial litter scooping, nine month period. Then we had a kid. It never went back. Then she got pregnant again, so it was now back in play. And now that one's eight months old. And you know what I got for Father's Day? She cleaned the litter box. That's what I got for Father's Day. So how about that? She sent me a picture of the clean litter box and said, happy father's. Day. As if it's just like, that's how. That's how it is.
Speaker B: I'll do you one. I'll do you one back now. I will say the cat that I have was post pregnancy. So it was after we were done having kids, but it was my wife, you know, she was saying, we need one. And then my daughter started telling me we need one. But I got tricked into it again. And not only that, so I do make my wife do all of the cat feeding and all of the kitty litter cleaning to this day, and I won't do it. But how she got me is my office is in the basement. The closest washroom is in the basement also. And that's where the kitty litter box is. So sometimes I'm walking over there barefoot. I'm stepping in loose fricking litter everywhere. Now I'm cleaning it up. I'm taking the broom, I'm sweeping it up. They're getting me coming. They're getting me going. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker A: I get it. I get it. Before we go to Anthony and mister house, I'm surprised to see this as a take in the comments. I thought we were going to get slaughtered. I'm going to Sophia first. Sophia is in agreement on your dog tape.
Speaker B: I just wanted one other person. So thank you, SoPhia.
Speaker F: Gm gm it's great to see you guys. This is. This is one of your most serious topics. So I'm going to start being serious.
Speaker A: Perfect.
Speaker F: This is like a topic that I've actually had time to think about. I've actually thought about this on many occasions. I know you will be surprised, but the paradox or the thing that I have a problem with, I'm arabic, by the way. So we don't have this issue with pets because we just don't have pets, really.
Speaker B: But it's interesting.
Speaker F: We don't because it's not sanitary. So we don't do it. But I'm down.
Speaker B: This is good stuff. Yeah.
Speaker F: So it's a religious thing. So we're not supposed to have dogs or cats in the house. So we're all, we're okay. It's not even a topic or an issue. But just to get back, because I was thinking about this when I was listening to you guys, and you guys are married, clearly some of us are single. And I was thinking, suppose the guy that I really like happens to have a cat or a dog. Do I know?
Speaker B: To the guy, you turn around, you run away. You don't want to trust any man, so you don't want to trust any man. A single guy with a dog is a red flag. Single guy with the.
Speaker A: This is gonna.
Speaker B: Is.
Speaker A: You're gonna rattle some cages.
Speaker B: Ten x. Red flag.
Speaker F: Okay. Well, I didn't think about that, but thank you. That's. That's a good. You know, I'm gonna put this down as, like, another point to look at. You know, like, guys with the dog are obviously a red flag serial killer.
Speaker E: Serial killer.
Speaker B: I would say. I would say mom issues. I would say.
Speaker A: Okay, here. You want a quick. You want a quick story before I have to run, because. So when my. When I. Now I'll play the, you know, both sides of the coin here. Where I hoodwinked my wife was. She met me, and this was after I had my dog. So when she met me, I had my dog, and it was. It was like, the byproduct of a previous long term relationship. And so, uh, this dog, we had to have, like, there was a decision to be made on, like, who gets the dog? And I decided I was taking the dog, which is just one of my life's biggest regrets. And the.
Speaker B: Cause you didn't want to rock the boat, which is a red flag.
Speaker A: Right. And. Yeah, and so. But. But my wife was not a dog person when she met me. And I, you know, she. She decided, like, we were kind of a package deal. It was kind of. She had to take me or leave me. I couldn't get, like, wasn't just going to get rid of the dog. So she decided that, you know, the dog was not enough to run for the hills, which, based on this conversation, Sophia, maybe she should have, you know.
Speaker B: Well, see, I would say, in your defense, you inherited a dog, you know, from a past.
Speaker A: Yeah, pretty much. I. Yes. That's kind of.
Speaker B: You weren't some muppet, like, oh, I need a dog in my life. You know what I mean? Like, you had the dog.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker A: If you know the whole story. I definitely inherited the dog.
Speaker B: I feel that's less of a red flag still.
Speaker A: Pretty red.
Speaker B: Orange. Orange flag.
Speaker A: All right, I think.
Speaker F: But the question is, did you actually inherit the dog, or was it a twisted way of getting back at your ass?
Speaker B: Good question. It's a great question.
Speaker A: It was. So we broke up due to issues of her not being. Of not being capable of taking care of a dog herself.
Speaker B: So that's why you guys broke up, was because of the dog?
Speaker A: No, wasn't because of dog. What I'm saying is the reason we broke up is. Is a similar reason to why I felt she was okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Take the dog, because I would have. That makes sense.
Speaker B: Poetic.
Speaker A: How did she just like, I can't do this dog stuff.
Speaker B: Can we let you go?
Speaker A: I have to run. So enjoy the stage of people that are just gonna come at you. However, I think you have Sophia now on your side.
Speaker B: Yeah, but I got, like, Anthony, I feel is going to roast me, probably Joe.
Speaker A: Anthony's going to roast you. Mister House is going to roast you. And I think Joe is probably.
Speaker B: I don't know what thumbs down mean. Not going to roast me or.
Speaker C: I think Joe's on your side. I've seen him throw up hundreds. Yeah, he's been throwing up hundreds.
Speaker A: 27 comments down there. Oh, Vicki threw a doodle down.
Speaker B: Okay, I gotta check that out.
Speaker E: I didn't throw a doodle down.
Speaker A: I put a picture. Put a picture up, not throw a doodle down. Sorry. All right, this has been real. Everybody have a good weekend. You're in good hands with chamber. He's just gonna tell you. Love you. All right, thank you.
Speaker B: We'll go with Fudge. We've had a pro dog.
Speaker F: You didn't give me a right.
Speaker B: Oh, sorry.
Speaker F: You just said it was sorry. You said it was a red flag. But I'm still wondering what the other guys are thinking about. Do you go for the guy, or do you just say, okay, if you got pets, there's no way I'm going for you, even if it is the guy of your dreams.
Speaker B: I mean, I'm a big proponent of, like, a number system. So, like, you know, guy of your dreams. What does that mean? Is it a. Is it a 8.8 compile out of ten compatibility rating? You know what I mean? And a dog brings it to 8.0, is it a 9.1? You know what I'm saying? So I think there's lots of people that anybody could be in a long term relationship with. It's all about what that overall score is. You know what I mean? So I would say, depending on how high that number is, if a dog is going to bring it down by five to 10%, we'll say is, is it. Is he stacking up enough points to offset the. The. You know, the pet?
Speaker F: And so you're saying I'll get into the relation already based on a lie. I don't like the dog can deal with the dog. Probably gonna kill the dog.
Speaker B: But I'm just saying, you can ask probing questions like, how old is the dog? So, I mean, gives you a timeline on how long you would have to deal with it, or if something unfortunate happened to the dog, that it wouldn't be seen as, you know, suspicious. These are the types of things that I would be asking, but I would say if it's a hard no, I think you have to determine for yourself how much of an impact. How much of an impact that, dude.
Speaker F: Dude, it's probably gonna be a smelly dog like your sister. And I'm gonna have to deal with the dog all the time. I'm gonna be like, it's gonna be in the fucking bedroom all the time. And I'm gonna have to pretend that it's all a okay. And I just don't know if that guy is gonna.
Speaker B: I think we're, I think we're answering. I think we're answering. Oh, sorry. I got a little feedback I can just mute for a second. But I think we are answering our own question here. I think for you, it's a hard no. I think. I think that's what we're saying. But we will move on. I do have to get a pro dog person up here, so we'll go with Anthony next. Anthony GMDH. Let me have it.
Speaker G: Gm. GM. No. All right, hold on. Let me go on it. Let me go. Let me address a few things. So, one, I'm very proud of you for taking a leap as a social media manager of DJ Network and encouraging the engagement that you're getting today. This is the shit that we're looking.
Speaker B: If I can be honest with you, Anthony, if I can be honest with you, Anthony, I thought of you as I tweeted it. I said, this is what Anthony would want me to do.
Speaker G: I agree. I agree. My tweet probably would have gotten far more.
Speaker B: I mean, that goes without saying, but.
Speaker G: But it was good. This is a really good step. All right, second take 2nd. 2nd thing I need to address. So you told the point about how, like, people don't appreciate a single guy with a dog. That's a red flag.
Speaker B: Sure.
Speaker G: That's, that's so, so that's, that's a massive mistake. I'm sorry. Like, I don't know what, what, in what world you guys live in, but girls love.
Speaker B: Okay, well, hey, most this one, I'm just making sweeping comments here.
Speaker G: Let me, let me, let me, let me paraphrase. Let me paraphrase. Good looking women in the age bracket of 20 to 30 love dogs. So if you're a guy in the age bracket of 20 to 30, maybe even slightly older, and you have a dog and you drop the line, hey, you want to come back and see my dog. You're probably getting the girl back to your apartment more often than when you don't.
Speaker B: This is good stuff here. So, you know, in this scenario, Sophia, she has, you know, she has specific guidelines she's looking for. So in her instance, you are eliminating a certain amount. But you're saying the pool is big enough on the dog lover side that you shouldn't worry about it that much.
Speaker G: It's a numbers game.
Speaker B: Absolutely. I totally can. I can get that.
Speaker G: All right, so. So now third point, and I have four points. Third point is cats. Totally agree. Don't want them. Never want them. I'm allergic. I think I made up that I'm allergic, but I'm allergic.
Speaker B: That's fair.
Speaker G: They're not.
Speaker B: I appreciate the game.
Speaker G: They're not. They're not good. They're not.
Speaker B: They're not.
Speaker G: They don't like being with you. They're kind of just there. You have to take care of them, and they don't really give you.
Speaker B: I would say you have to take care of them less. And I think it's a plus that they don't care about you.
Speaker G: All right, you're front running. You're front running. My fourth point here. But I get it. Cats, not a great pet. Your. But overall, this is just one of the worst takes of all time. I mean, dogs are great creatures.
Speaker B: They give you creatures highlighted. Yes, I know. I I look at myself in this. In the mirror after this. I know I'm a creature. All right. Right. I don't need another creature.
Speaker G: In my house, they give you unconditional, literally unconditional love.
Speaker B: Who wants that? I mean, like, there. I want to work for the love. If you're not working for love, you're just getting unconditional love. You don't grow as a person.
Speaker G: All right, fine. Good take. Good take.
Speaker C: Now.
Speaker G: Now, let me. Let me preface this right. Like, if you live in, like, a city and you got to take the dog for a walk five times a day, and you got to, like. I mean, you're talking.
Speaker B: I lost a little bit there. Anthony.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: All right, we'll go to. We'll give Anthony sec. We'll go to Joe.
Speaker H: You can go to house.
Speaker B: He's also. I didn't even see House up there. Okay, we'll come back to you, Joe. House. What do you got, man? You can.
Speaker D: You can show Peter.
Speaker B: Get a joke. Are you kidding me right now?
Speaker D: Just fucking talking was geared also.
Speaker H: Okay, okay, fine. House. I was the topic that I had Washington.
Speaker D: I wanted you to give us an update on the youth soccer coach.
Speaker H: I don't think we can.
Speaker B: No, we can't do. We'll come back to that if we have time at the end. We'll come back to that. Anthony. What? I got Joe. 1 second. I just got to make sure Anthony's back. Anthony back.
Speaker G: Can you hear me?
Speaker B: Yes, I can hear you now.
Speaker G: Oh, I don't know where I dropped out, but what I was saying was, dog. My dog, low maintenance, great dog.
Speaker B: And you're talking about walking up five if you live in the city walking, are you saying it's good exercise? I wasn't sure where.
Speaker G: Oh, wow. I cut out that early. Okay, so what I was saying was if you have a dog in the city and you got to walk down flights of stairs, take out the dog five times a day, it's got to be miserable.
Speaker D: Right?
Speaker G: I get it. But as a guy who lives in the suburbs, my house is super easy. It's fenced in. I let the dog out, she goes, pees in the grass. I got nothing to deal with. Dogs are great. So I get it. I get the both sides of it. I could understand the negatives, but overall I think the take is bad. I think more often than not, you'd hear that people like dogs. But forget the take. All engagement is good engagement. And I'm really proud of you for taking a step in the right direction.
Speaker B: Yeah, I appreciate. Well, you know what? I love constructive criticism. Vicki just gives me unconstructive criticism or deconstructive criticism, where it just deconstructs my entire being. But I do appreciate constructive criticism, and I like to adapt. And I absolutely thought about you when I tweeted that out. Let's go, Joe. Next.
Speaker H: I'm with you, chamber.
Speaker B: Oh, my God. I was so scared you were going to be with everybody.
Speaker A: Fuck no.
Speaker H: Like, first of all, I got two kids, so when people say, how come you don't have a pet? Oh, you kiss, you kids should have a pet. I'm like, I got pets. I got two.
Speaker B: Absolutely.
Speaker H: I clean up after them. I sweep their hair. I had to change their goddamn.
Speaker B: I'm allergic to.
Speaker H: One of my differences, though.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker H: The difference between having kids and having a pet is after you potty train it, it flushes, and then you don't have to deal with that no more. So Anthony's over here. Like, I just let my dog out to go pee. I'm assuming you just let the dog out to go shit, too. And so your whole yard is just covered in that, or you're going to pick it up.
Speaker B: I made eye contact. I was up for a little jog today that Joe, you would have been proud of me. Yeah, I was up a little jog today, and I made direct eye contact with a guy picking up dog shit. And I just shook my head at him, like, just. You call yourself a man and you could just see it in his eyes.
Speaker H: Like, I threw a bag of dog shit at a guy because I knew it was his. And he don't. He doesn't clean it up.
Speaker B: Oh, really?
Speaker H: So I grabbed a bag from, like, the. The community's, like, you know, dog cleaning facility. I grabbed it, grabbed the shit, tied it up and threw it out of me. Clean up your fucking dog shit. Like, and you know what he did? He cleans up his dog shit now. But, like, some people, you have to train, like, absolutely. But, like, look, here's the thing. Dogs have a purpose depending on where you live. Just like cats have purpose, but I don't have a purpose.
Speaker B: No, I totally get that.
Speaker H: And most people should not be dogs because they're terrible. And most people should not be parents.
Speaker B: 100.
Speaker H: So maybe those two groups overlap more than we're thinking. And I'm happy that certain people have dogs. And if you need companionship or whatever. But, like, if you don't like dogs, do not date a person who does, because that's just not gonna work out.
Speaker B: Yeah, this is good advice.
Speaker H: That's. And I'm totally with you on this. Um, I'm okay with having a pet if it's like a fish and it lives in its own fucking house. Like, I'm perfectly fine with that. If you set up a fish tank, it can just stay over there. My kids can look at it. But even at the end of the day, I'm not going to deal with that. Like, come on, now. I gotta feed it.
Speaker B: I barely know there's a cat in my house right now.
Speaker H: I just want to say one more thing. The worst people, some of the worst people are adults who give another adult a pet.
Speaker B: As a kid, who does this?
Speaker H: All you're doing is handing them. All you're doing is handing them a bill and ten years of responsibility. It's like, who does that? Like, and I know people who've done this. Oh, I really love this person. I'm gonna give them a dog. And then it's like, they break up. And now she's got a cleanup after this dog. So I'm with you, man. I'm totally with.
Speaker B: I feel I'm going back to being better. Um, is that everybody that wants to talk about. Oh, Sophia, what do you got?
Speaker F: I feel like we just would. Joe. Coming in. I feel like we went to the dark side, this whole thing, you know, like, now all of a sudden, we hate.
Speaker B: I'm getting bad feedback dogs right now.
Speaker F: But I'm just saying. Thank you for advice, Joe. I think I agree with you. I. I mean, the guy that I was thinking about, he's like a ten, but I figured with the dog, he's just, you know, dropped, like, five points. I'm with you.
Speaker G: That's a crazy number to drop five points. All right, so let's flip it. Chamber, what's your opinion? A girl, you're. You're single, you're looking. Girl comes in with a dog.
Speaker B: Absolutely not.
Speaker G: She's this woman of your dreams. Literally the girl of your dreams. She loves the Lakers. She also has a beard.
Speaker B: Oh, you love her. All right. No, absolutely not. Because she's going to be weird about the dog. She's going to. I don't care who you are. Every. That person you're describing is going to be super weird about their dog. Joe, am I wrong? I'm not wrong. I know.
Speaker H: Now that I've heard I'm with you, Anthony. How rich?
Speaker B: Yeah, that's a good question, too, actually.
Speaker G: She's. No, she's. She's perfect. So, chamber, do you like?
Speaker H: No, I need to know.
Speaker B: How rich could I not have to, you know, could I just podcast or go on spaces all day and, like, not have to work anymore? It's. Yeah. Okay.
Speaker H: Well, I'm thinking more along the lines of my theory that everybody needs to get married three times a, and the first two should be for money, and then the third one's for love. So she could be a first.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's a good point.
Speaker A: Are you talking, like liquid assets, or.
Speaker B: Are you talking just, like, stocks and other equities? I feel like there needs to be a monthly stipend that's included where maybe she funds an account. We'll call it fifty k a month. I feel like that's fair. I feel like that's fair.
Speaker F: Wait, what's the money cut to do in anything? This person is still kissing the dog. Still sort of, you know, like hugging the dog all day and cleaning after the dog. Like, that's the person you're sleeping with.
Speaker B: I'm seeing this more as a transaction at this point. But if it's for love, I would say it's still a no. Anthony. I don't care how perfect she is. She has a dog. I would say if she has a cat, I'd be more flexible there just because cats don't bother me as much as dogs. But if she had a dog, like especially, and girl like a girl, a woman is not gonna have a, typically, at least from what I've seen, is not gonna have a little teeny tiny dog. Or maybe she will. But normally I feel like I see a lot of single women with big ass dogs all the time and I can't, I can't be having that. So if it's, especially if it's a big ass dog, I would say no.
Speaker G: Joe, that's, that's fair. I mean, I also don't have a big dog either. So. Joe, to your point about picking up the dog shit, it kind of just washes away. Like it's so small.
Speaker H: Wait, wait, wait. How big is your dog?
Speaker G: Like two pounds.
Speaker H: That's like a cat.
Speaker B: My cat's twelve pounds, but it doesn't.
Speaker H: Catch mice or anything, so it has no utility. Like you bought a dog with no utility.
Speaker G: That's why I didn't buy it. I didn't buy it, actually.
Speaker H: Sensitive.
Speaker G: I rescued it out of a dumpster. So now I get all the sympathy votes because I rescued my dog.
Speaker B: Are you a single guy, Anthony?
Speaker G: No, I'm married.
Speaker B: I was gonna say, cuz you're doing.
Speaker H: All the right things outside here with this dog.
Speaker G: A guy I got. Listen, I'm, I'm a dog guy, so that's why I'm off the market, because I like dogs and a woman actually cared to love me.
Speaker B: That's fair. That's fair. I mean, there's someone for everybody out there I think is what we can take away from this.
Speaker H: I. I found my wife with zero.
Speaker B: Yeah, me too.
Speaker H: And opinions like this. So me and you, tamer, must be like.
Speaker B: That's right. All right, I'm happy. So mister House, we're getting, we got about 15 minutes left here. You had some soccer related. I don't see anybody coming up to defend my take or the dog's side. So we could talk a little bit about what's happening with soccer. Did you have a specific question? I know we were kind of hinting at some stuff last week or the last episode. Where did you want me to go with this?
Speaker D: Yeah, just you were mentioning there were some heated conversations, words exchanged. You were potentially considering I was leaving the team. So you know, just, just give us the tea. Not even the TLDR. I'll give you the 16 minutes left. Give us. Give us the 16 minutes.
Speaker B: So we've been having a few cancellations through. We've actually had a ton of cancellations through the year or through the soccer season due to, like, the forest fires getting smoked out in some days and for whatever reason, a ton of, you know, thunderstorms just on the. On, you know, just happened to be on the days that we had, you know, games and practices and stuff. So we're already down, like, I think we're down, like, seven games already this year. And so anyways, a couple weeks ago, it was a, it was a 40 degree day here, and I was scheduled for a practice. We've had all.
Speaker D: Celsius.
Speaker B: Yeah, Celsius. I don't know what that is. Like, like a hundred. I don't know if it's like a hundred. Fair. It was fucking hot. And we've had, like, air quality warnings all day. Like, stay inside if you don't need to be inside. And I think because the league lost a bunch of games, they weren't going out of their way to cancel any or you kind of cancel any games due to these excessive heat or air quality. And I looked at my schedule, we had a practice. I said, well, I said, I don't want my kid out there because it's too fucking hot. I don't need kids passing out because of heatstroke. So we have this app that we use to message all the parents. So I just cancel practice. The next morning, I get an email from somebody from the league. I don't know. I don't know if it's the president of the league or whatever, but somebody from the league says, hey, just FYI, don't cancel practices due to heat. We don't want families thinking that games or tournaments will be canceled because of heat. Just tell them to bring extra water as a so on and so forth. I emailed them back and said, hey, listen, I'm not coaching a bunch of kids that are going to pass out because of heat exhaustion for a practice. I gave her the Allen Iverson, we talking about practice. And I basically said, hey, you guys were begging for coaches don't come at me in email saying, I can't cancel a goddamn practice because it's 100 degrees outside. You know, take a hike. So. Didn't get a response back the next game. So, like, whatever the next one was, there was a massive thunderstorm brewing. Like, you just every, like, you looked at the radar. Like, at the time we were playing, you knew it was going to be this massive thunderstorm, and they weren't canceling the game. And I didn't want to cancel it myself. Cause it was a game this time. So I said, well, I'm not bringing my kid because it's torrential downpours at this point. We're ten minutes from the game. I'm about to hop in my car and drive the five minutes to the field just to say I was there. But I'm like, there's nobody that's gonna show up. And sure enough, I start driving. I make my way there, and five minutes after we're supposed to, you know, we're supposed to start the game, they cancel it. And, like, literally nobody got out of their car. There's lightning everywhere. Like, just two, three inches of rain dropping in a span of like an hour and a half. I'm like. And then I called. I called this person up. I said, what? Like, what are we doing? Like, how are we not? I knew at 03:00 there was gonna be no games today yet. I have to wait till five. I have to get ready, do all this stuff like, what has happened? So I was at my wits end. On top of that, like, the games that we did play, like, half of my team shows up. We played last night again, I had to forfeit because only three kids showed up, including mine. It's just terrible. I want to quit. I don't know what to do. I don't know. That's where I'm at. Mister House.
Speaker D: Yeah, so it sounds. Film the documentary of the season, because this could have been one of the most riveting docu series of all time. You really dropped the ball on this one.
Speaker B: Well, we can all just. We stage it and do a reenactment, I think, and maybe fluff the script.
Speaker D: Making a murderer.
Speaker B: Exactly. Exactly.
Speaker D: Who's going to be the victim?
Speaker B: Somebody chamber.
Speaker D: You were the lead president.
Speaker G: Are you the head coach of this team? Like, what?
Speaker B: I'm the only coach. I'm the coach.
Speaker F: You're one of the coach. Seriously, I am, like, blown away that this whole thing just even happened, that you actually were a coach. Because I'm assuming you're gonna quit, like, tomorrow. And I'm just. I don't know who hired you, but, you know, these guys need to be fired anyway. And I agree on the documentary thing, because unless this is on tape, I'm not buying your story. And off.
Speaker B: That's good stuff. So, Sofia, just for the record, nobody hired me. They were begging for parents to volunteer after the third or fourth email, after nobody, you know, stepped up. We talked about it on the show, and I actually did it during the show. And I now, I mean, I've been regretting it for a while now, if I'm being 100% honest, circles.
Speaker D: So I'm going to put on my conspiracy theory hat and then I'll take it off from my actual question. But to side with Safiya's side, we still aren't sure if chamber is or is not an AI. We never seen him. So this could actually be entirely fabricated because we're still unsure who they are or not taking off the conspiracy theory hat. So you mentioned that the last game only three people showed up. I'm curious what the average attendance rate is for your practices.
Speaker B: We, I would say six or seven. We had. I had ten kids on the team. I've had one kid officially back out fairly early on. So I'm working with a roster of nine. But typically, again, we've seen a ton of cancellations both game and practices due to weather. But I would say, on average, seven kids typically at games and practices.
Speaker D: So was this more just like of a. Out of left field that only three.
Speaker B: No, I would say more recent. I would say more recently. It's been like threes and fours.
Speaker D: And was this recent three and four a rescheduled match or was it an.
Speaker B: Originally scheduled, originally scheduled game?
Speaker D: I rest my case.
Speaker G: Are you, are you like, fostering, like a good, a good team like, spirit over there? Like, do you bring orange slices for half time? Is there candy for after the game?
Speaker B: Yeah, I bring, I bring the stuff that happened to. Yeah.
Speaker D: Three or four people at the most recent game, so probably not. I'm gonna go.
Speaker B: No, I do bring, I do bring freezies for the kids at every game.
Speaker G: Wait, what?
Speaker B: Freezies? You know, you guys have.
Speaker G: What is that?
Speaker B: I don't know what a freeze is. Am I wrong? Am I right?
Speaker G: Can you.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker F: What is the freeze?
Speaker B: All right, show of, like a, like a freeze pop. Like, what are you guys talking about?
Speaker D: Freeze.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: With a thumbs up. Does anybody know what I'm talking about when I say freezy? Anybody? Nobody? Okay, so in Canada we have these awesome. So we have popsicles, we have ice cream. We have all these things, but we also have freezies. And they are. You guys. You guys probably have. You guys probably just use a different word for them, but we have these, like, I would say the varying sizes, I would say anywhere from six inches to twelve inches to the big ones. Maybe like 1824 inches, these frozen tubes of like, popsicle material. I guess like. Yeah, freeze pops is that what they're called? We call them freezies. Mister Freeze. That was the brand name. Mister Freeze was the brand name. I don't know if you guys had those, but, yes, they come in all sorts of different colors. Red, blue, white, yellow. You know, they're delicious. So I bring those to every game. The jumbos, for the record. So the kids have a good time. I got them at Costco. I put them in my yeti cooler that I also got from Costco.
Speaker F: Wait, are you. Are you saying you're bringing ice cream to a soccer game?
Speaker B: No, like. No, like, popsicles is how I would put them. Am I wrong? Tubed popsicles is probably. They're in a plastic. You got to cut it with scissors.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's like a plastic tube. You cut it open, and then you, like.
Speaker B: You chew. What do you guys call them again? It slides out. Free spot.
Speaker D: Free spot.
Speaker B: I mean.
Speaker A: I mean, honestly, I don't think.
Speaker G: I don't think I have any.
Speaker B: Sophia, you got to go on mute.
Speaker G: That was hectic. Honestly. It's one of those things where. And this is good. This is good content for you. Chamber. You should drop a picture on your socials and ask what people call those things, because I'm pretty sure nobody, America has a name for them.
Speaker H: Otter.
Speaker B: Freeze pops.
Speaker G: But if you told me freeze pop, I think there's a. I agree.
Speaker B: I think when I hear freeze pop, I think popsicle.
Speaker G: Like. Like, I just call them freezies.
Speaker B: Just there. That's what they are, the freezies. Man. That's weird.
Speaker G: You could transcending America right now, so don't let this content slip.
Speaker C: I'm pretty sure we called them ice pop.
Speaker B: Ice pops. But you gotta get the word pop out of there. Cause it's just. I feel like there's gonna be a stick associated with it.
Speaker C: I'm just. I'm pretty sure the brand was fun pops.
Speaker B: Oh, I see.
Speaker C: That's all.
Speaker B: Yeah, our name brand was Mister Freeze. Mister Freezey. Mister. Mister Freeze, I think, was our brand.
Speaker D: So I'm. I'm looking at it right now on Google. We got fun pops. You got flavor. Ice popsicle varieties. I mean, that's what. It's popsicles and pops. You got fun pops, ice pops, fruity freezer pops. So it's still freeze pops? Yeah, it's. It's freeze pops out. At least stateside.
Speaker B: Yeah, we. Yeah, I'm just looking at mine now, too. If they are Mister Freeze jumbos, that's what I get. You can get them at all the major retailers. That's interesting. These are the fun things that we find out about each other. Guys, what's.
Speaker D: What's the forecast for the rest of the season? Thinking strong ending.
Speaker B: Well, I gotta take. I'm taking a week off when the leave. For those of you guys who are familiar, who've been around for the wrecked podcast days, I'm actually going back to dead Man's Cove. And if you're not familiar with that, I highly recommend you find the episode called Dead Man's Cove and listen to it because it's very funny. It's dark, though.
Speaker I: You know how I know you're not engaged in the conversation chamber?
Speaker B: How did Emily get up here? Pain.
Speaker I: Every. Every single person in this room knows what you're talking about. And they are called otter pops. And in America, they even sell them with alcohol.
Speaker B: That doesn't shock me. Otter pops, eh? Okay. All right. That's cool. That's cool.
Speaker I: The bad takes just across the genres without. Without any friction. Do they hate it?
Speaker H: Those kid too.
Speaker B: What the hell? I'm gonna have to have a call with pain after this. This show. So I don't know. I'm at the end. I'm kind of.
Speaker I: Oh, my God. The cat takes. The cat takes were egregious.
Speaker B: Oh, Jesus. Were they that bad? Are you. You give me big cat energy right now. Is that what I'm getting?
Speaker F: Cats.
Speaker I: Cats are the animals of nihilists. Only someone who sees the world in the worst possible light could possibly think that that makes a good companion.
Speaker B: I, you know, I would agree. I think if you're getting a cat for companionship, there's definitely something wrong with you.
Speaker I: What else are you getting a cat for? Like a bill? Something to maybe just something around the house ferociously attack you when you get home.
Speaker B: Maybe just something in the house. I don't know.
Speaker H: She's to the car.
Speaker B: All right, we're going to wrap up there. I'm tired. I'm going to go take a nap.
Speaker I: You just don't have the energy to come up with a good argument for your shitty take. Come on, Chamber.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay.
Speaker C: In fairness, he actually is pretty, pretty low energy. Chambers been his and been working on this.
Speaker B: I have been. I was complaining. I was complaining to pain how I wasn't eating enough for the energy that I needed, and I was getting sleepy, so he.
Speaker C: Yeah, you barely had enough energy to make it through 57 minutes.
Speaker B: I'm honestly really appreciate that. Thanks, pain. We will finish. I will go to circles for last take and then we'll wrap it up.
Speaker D: So two quick things. One, and I believe it's Savannah, Georgia. There's a place sells alcoholic infused slushies. And then I believe you can also drink them out in the public. So there's the alpha. If you ever.
Speaker B: I feel like I had one in. Did I have one in Vegas? Maybe one time. I feel like Vegas has them too, occasionally.
Speaker I: They're everywhere. If you go to the redneck part of wine country, they'll make you wine slushies. Typically. It's called. It's called frose. It's the shit.
Speaker G: I could see that.
Speaker D: But I know this one is like all the, like, just going absolutely ham with all the different flavor combinations. B, I'm curious, after you give your soccer children these alleged freezies how high the sugar high is and how quickly they crash afterwards?
Speaker B: Well, I give. I only give them at the end of the game. So it's not my problem anymore, I think is the takeaway. I only have to deal with my one kid, and she is an absolute asshole. When after the freezie and has trouble going to bed. So I can imagine it's like that for most of the parents. Just my little way of giving back. But anyways.
Speaker G: And that's why they stopped coming.
Speaker B: You know what? Maybe that's. There we go. We found the.
Speaker I: And as a fuck you to all the parents who would not accept the burden of coaching.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker B: Emily gets it. It.
Speaker I: Load them up with sugar.
Speaker B: Exactly. All right. That's gonna wrap it up for us. Bunch missed. I feel that it was gonna be way worse today. I'm happy that I thought we had. I thought everybody had a very reasonable discussion on household pets. I thought everybody had made great points. And I think I'm most happy that Joe didn't. Wasn't. Wasn't a dog guy. I think that one made me the most happy. But we'll see you guys on Monday. I hope you guys all have a great weekend. I think we have night shift tonight at 1130. I'm alone, so I might hop in with them this evening, see what happens. Might get crazy. I have a 125 milligram edible upstairs that is just calling my name, so.
Speaker I: Holy shit. Please dm me if you take 125 milligram edible.
Speaker G: And nice fun fact, I'll meet you there.
Speaker B: Oh, you're gonna be there too, Anthony.
Speaker D: Ooh.
Speaker B: I didn't even tell these guys. I'm just talking shit on the show right now. They don't.
Speaker G: My wife's. My wife's flight home got delayed, so.
Speaker B: Just a couple of single dudes with pets.
Speaker G: Oh, yeah.
Speaker I: I don't know what time I'll come available, but I may show up in the in the chat to troll the shit out of you because tonight I am being inducted into the Mahjong club. However, my mother in law, her best friend, will be there, who are absolutely intolerable without an extreme amount of alcohol in your bloodstream. So I am making jello shots.
Speaker B: That's great. Okay, guys, we'll have bunch maybe des back on Monday, but I'll be there and we can talk more about all sorts of stuff that is not web three related. So until then, statement.
