Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am Bunchu alongside our esteemed colleague and co host chamber. Chamber. How you doing? Oh, good.
Speaker B: I just get so shouted every time. Jesus Christ.
Speaker C: Just looked down and I saw.
Speaker A: Des, I didn't even know you were here today. Sorry. I forget what day. Oh, my God. Sorry, dad.
Speaker C: Let's do it again. Let's do it again. So fresh.
Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am bunch. You, alongside both of my esteemed colleagues and co host chamber. And Riggs. Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker C: I'm doing great. I'm doing great. Beautiful day. I don't know. I'm gonna be honest. I feel low t today. I'm low t chad today.
Speaker A: Same. Des, how's your. How's your.
Speaker B: I kneel. I kneel before Riggs. So it's all good. It's all good.
Speaker A: Well, I mean. You mean people owner.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker B: Yes, of course.
Speaker C: Keeper of the people.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Keeper. Keeper.
Speaker A: Keeper.
Speaker B: That's great.
Speaker A: Keeper.
Speaker B: That is great.
Speaker A: Yes. But how are you, Des? I feel like I haven't talked to you in a long time, dude.
Speaker B: I listened back to the Monday show, and it actually gave me some serious jealousy. Even more so that I missed out on the festivities.
Speaker C: So, out of curiosity, Des, I literally just finished listening to the Monday show. Did you get through all of it? Because it became kind of a circus at the end?
Speaker B: Okay, that's. That's like assuming that it never becomes a circus, which always becomes a circus. Um, but, yeah, made it all the way through.
Speaker C: More circus y than normal, I would say.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: No, I'm glad to hear that.
Speaker B: Yeah, it was good. It was good. But no, it's, uh, bunshu. Uh, just self love in Degen a lot during the episode was great, and in its members and the looks of its members in particularly was. Was fantastic. So, you know, it was good.
Speaker A: Yeah. Um, are you. Are you planning, Des, on attending any of the conference circuit this year?
Speaker B: Well, I was obviously planning on attending NFT NYC. Unfortunately, my whole family got sick and it was bad. But now I'm starting to think maybe attend VCon. That would be a potential one. I know consensus is next week I probably won't go to that, but VCoN is an interesting option.
Speaker A: VCon is the place that. The one that I am the most upset that I will be missing. Unfortunately, I will not be able to go to VCon, so. But I had such an amazing time last year, and I know everybody's super pumped for it, so I wish I was going to vCon. Cap will be there. The bunch of degen crew will be there. Adam is speaking, my co founder, at forum three, so that will be cool. And I am not going because I bought my blink 182 tickets for my wife months and months and months ago, and I can't, and it's on the day, so, like, I'm not going to bail on her. So I will be seeing chambers favorite band, blink 182, which almost went, I thought was going to be the opener today. And now I'm seeing that your newfound glory over Blink 182 is what you're actually saying.
Speaker C: Oh, my goodness. I've been hate watching Blink 182. Tiktoks from coach, I think. Is it Coachella that they were just at over the weekend? Anyways, one of the big festivals, and I couldn't get over how many people were just loving it. I would just listen to. I would watch every single video and just see how terrible they perform. It's just. And nobody sees it. Nobody sees it. I. Maybe.
Speaker A: Yeah, but, like. Okay, so let's. Let's dive into this. You know, I think there's. There's plenty of. Are you talking, like, current performance?
Speaker C: I mean, regardless, past performance curve for it's not getting any better is what I'm saying.
Speaker A: Yeah, but. And I wouldn't expect it to, right? Like, there's a certain level of. The reason you're buying tickets nowadays to see them would be the nostalgia.
Speaker C: I got that.
Speaker A: Right? Like, I got it.
Speaker C: But I would argue, like, even if you saw them in the 2002, still not that great.
Speaker A: Okay, well, that's fair. That's a different argument. Totally different argument. But, like, you know, people go and see, you know, Tom Petty into his eighties or whatever, and those do not compare. Tom Petty? I am not. I'm just saying the example was to give. The example was to give, like, you know, these people that they've grown up listening to, that they still follow into, like, and see perform into their seventies and eighties, and, like, you can't expect the same level of performance.
Speaker C: No, no, I totally get that. I totally get that. It's very rare that you will see a performer, you know, age at least. I mean, I saw the Chili peppers last year, and those guys are in there. They might even be in their sixties at this point. I'm not sure. Uh, definitely late fifties. And I feel like that's the. That's the precipice. I feel that you could. If they're a quality band, like 50 to 60 years old, you could probably still see them and they're. They sound pretty good still. And then there's a massive drop off. You look at, like, people like Paul McCartney, who's literally changed his voice just to perform. Doesn't sound like the, you know, doesn't sound like he used to. Elton John did the same thing. But, yeah, I feel like 50 to 60 is the range. You could kind of keep watching them and going to concert, and at least the level of talent doesn't drop off drastically. I think. I think that those guys are, what, in there? Those guys got to be in their fifties, right?
Speaker A: The Blink 182 guys who blink when they're probably. They were older. They were. Yeah, right. Exactly. Exactly. Um, des, where do you weigh in on the Blink 182 debate? This has been a hot topic amongst this chamber and I for a while. Where do you.
Speaker B: I'm going to date myself a little bit, but I don't have a huge attachment to blink 182. But I'm pretty sure it was one of the first explicit albums that my parents let me buy, especially with that cover of the nurse.
Speaker C: The nurse one.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, that was. That was. That was good times.
Speaker C: Did you ever have a. Did you ever have an album thrown out by your parents?
Speaker A: Ooh.
Speaker B: My dad listened to, maybe it was the chronic and was like, what the hell is this shit?
Speaker C: I'll do it.
Speaker A: That's actually a great. That's a great comment thing for the chat bubble down there. So hit that purple button. Give us a little gmdeh. Tell us if you'd ever gotten an album thrown at out by your parents. I'm trying to think if I have.
Speaker C: Chamber, I've had a couple I can think of. The first one ever, I'll date myself even more. Des was a cassette tape. I was. I was probably, like, seven or eight years old.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I was saying kind of dating myself as a younger member of this group, but. Okay, I got you. I got you, I got you.
Speaker C: It was a cassette tape of guns n roses. I think it's lose your illusion. I was, like, seven or eight. I had welcome to the jungle. It had Mister Brownstone on it, and my parents did not think that was appropriate for whatever. I was a third grader or fourth grader at the time. Then in my teens, I remember I was the. My age group was the peak for, like, the Marilyn Manson fandom. Like, not the peak, I should say, like, the. We were the first, like, young kids to listen to Marilyn Manson. And I got his album, like, you know, beautiful people and, you know, sweet dreams. And my mom saw, I don't know if you're familiar with the COVID but the COVID is pretty, you know, horrific looking. And my mom heard me playing that and she threw that one up, too. So those two stick out of my mind. There may have been more, but those two for sure.
Speaker A: I'm trying to think, like, I don't think I ever got one thrown out. The closest one I probably got was, like, Eminem. That was probably the closest that I ever got to getting something discarded. Um, but I don't think it actually happened. But anyway, there's, there, uh oh, who's our host today? I think it's pain, pain, pain. Let's go to you. Yeah, I just wanted to share my experience. Had the, the black album by Jay Z thrown out. Um, you know, just trying to get some dirt off my shoulders. But apparently they did not care about the 99 problems that I felt that I had.
Speaker C: That's a great album that they should really.
Speaker A: You had 99 problems in. Your parents were one. That was. They said they just rejected you hard. Interesting. I'm curious to see if anybody else has had an album thrown out. Riggs with his beeple jiff in the, in the comments, if Suarez says, what's an album? He. Michael Keane. Our good friend Michael Keane from NFT Catcher says black sheep, a wolf in sheep's clothing. My mom was not thrilled with me listening to that at eleven. Steve, I think we have. This is high tea, Steve. Marilyn Manson, Antichrist superstar, had it thrown out twice. I like that. Twice. I like having thrown out twice. GM says shovel. My first explicit album was the chronic. Also frowned upon and thrown out after two weeks. Interesting. So there a couple. Couple of the same answers there. So very. Maybe some of the most controversial albums of our childhood. I think then I like how the.
Speaker C: Chronic came up a couple of times.
Speaker A: I. Yeah, I was. I wouldn't have pegged that one as, like, I wouldn't have pegged that one as one that would have gotten thrown.
Speaker C: The black album by Jay Z was one of my favorite albums when I was young. I don't know if I was a kid, I forget what year that came out. I think I was like maybe early twenties, maybe late 2320s. Yeah. So I would have been 20. And I remember shortly after that. Do you ever listen to the gray album by Dead Mouse where he combines, basically he takes the tracks from the black album, like, takes the. Not the tracks, but like the words from the black album and throws them on top of all of the Beatles White Album songs. It's one of, one of, one of the best albums ever.
Speaker A: Oh, yes, that was a. I remember that. That was such a huge thing when it came.
Speaker C: Yeah, I was. I was. I was blown away. Being a big Jay Z fan and a big Beatles fan, I thought that was the coolest thing ever.
Speaker A: Yeah, I see. I thought we tried to bring up circles, but it says, he's nothing. He didn't get up there. Circles can now speak. All right, let's go to circles. Hold on. If you had to guess, chamber. Or actually, maybe this is a better question for Des. If you had to guess, dez, what album did circles get thrown out?
Speaker B: Ooh, that's such a hard question. I mean, that's. That's so broad. I.
Speaker C: You got to figure out how old circles is that? Because that'll help if you can peg an age on circles.
Speaker B: Is it, like, such a screwed. Is it? Then, no, I'm not even gonna bother, because the age.
Speaker A: Circles. Circles is like, well, we just threw every album I brought into my parents, threw it right into the fire.
Speaker B: We had him say, like, the best of Beck album. I don't even know.
Speaker A: Circles. Gm, gmgmdh. I don't know if you guys remember. Shrek had their original.
Speaker B: I was so close with Beck, and.
Speaker A: They had on there one of the songs don't give a damn about my bad reputation, which is probably the only one on that that I actually like rock out to. Not even realizing at the time what all they were singing about. Yeah, I think that one eventually made its way out of our collection and into the track.
Speaker C: Okay, 1 second. 1 second. I need clarification. Did you say the Shrek album?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker C: And you're talking about Joan Jett's bad reputation. The theme song of freaks and geeks, if I'm not mistaken, was approved on probably. This is wild stuff. I'm at a loss. I would never have guessed that.
Speaker A: I told you, Des.
Speaker B: I.
Speaker C: This was approved for television.
Speaker A: It's a proof for, like, everything. I would hate to see what your parents. I would hate to see what your parents thought about the chronic.
Speaker C: Yeah, they wouldn't have liked that, I don't think. Did you have movie restrictions as well? Circle?
Speaker A: Yeah. He couldn't even see Shrek. Well, no, I obviously saw Shrek because I got lectured, apparently enough that I had the freaking cassette tape for it. Um, I mean, the typical age restrictions of just, I don't know, probably a bit, uh, older than others. Wait, did Shrek album have cassette tapes?
Speaker C: That's. There are so many things about that, Faye, and I'm glad.
Speaker A: Oh, man.
Speaker C: I. I said I thought the same thing. Does Shrek have a cassette tape? And then I also, I also seriously questioned the. Oh, just the regular movies that, you know, they restricted movies like, ahhhh.
Speaker A: Toy story one was pretty controversial. So Toy story two, three and four not allowed, actually, circles. Definitely saw Toy story four because he was an adult then and could make his own damn decisions.
Speaker C: Large box.
Speaker A: But I didn't feel any of the emotional pang because I didn't watch him the previous one. So I'm just like, yeah, whatever. These toys can just go into fire.
Speaker B: I can definitely confirm that it does have a cassette tape. That's impressive.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker B: Trek too.
Speaker A: Yeah. What, what year was that? What year were we still hanging around with cassettes?
Speaker B: It looks special. Like, it looks like they did this special. But yeah, I mean, what was that? Like 2003, four somewhere around there.
Speaker A: Very interesting. I would have not pegged that either, that we were still hanging around slinging cassette tapes in 2004. Time flies and technology is like very exponential. So interesting. We've got, we've got a lot of actual NFT news to go through today. Should we, should we actually do that today?
Speaker B: Surprise, surprise. Yeah, let's do it.
Speaker A: I'm going to start with Des today. Des is joining us for his, his Wednesday performance. Wednesday matinee from Des. How are you feeling about the general, the general consensus on the market? What you're seeing? How, what are your, what's your overall sentiment here?
Speaker B: It's, it's not great. I just, the projects that have done well in the most recent times, the falling off of a lot of the blue chips, like we expected, the rise and popularity of shitcoins, it doesn't point in a great direction right now, I'll be honest.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's funny, I was talking to JP Kaz in the war room yesterday morning about just like the shitcoin season that's going on. And he made a, I made a comment that's like, oh, I don't know why we're so surprised that this, like, it happens every cycle. We did this last year with like the GM coins and everything and the year before with, you know, the other set of meme coins. Like, this happens all the time. And he made a really interesting point, though, back. And he goes, yeah, but every other time it, like the, there was still enough of a bull market in nfts going on that like, those people came back and his point was that, well, maybe this time they're not going to come back to nfts. And I thought that was really, I thought it was a good and interesting point. Like, you know, the casino players are going to go where the casino, where the games are happening, and if it ain't in the NFT market, then it's going to be in the shitcoin market or wherever they, you know, can get their fixed. What are your thoughts on that chamber?
Speaker C: As predicted many moons ago, we need more losers. Yeah, I do think, like you mentioned, it's cyclical. All coins were bound to have a moment in the sun at some point. I feel like it was their time. Bitcoin and. And Ethereum had a run a couple of weeks ago. It happens every time. I think once. Once they cool off, alts usually take off. I just don't think. I think it's a separate thing from nfts, though. Like you'd mentioned, nfts were running in some of these down market cycles. I truly think they're running independently of each other. I don't think the, if nfts are going up, I don't think has an impact necessarily on the price of other shitcoins. But, yeah, I know nfts are definitely down bad. And cryptos, I think, running in its own little bubble right now. So, yeah, there's an opportunity definitely to make some money. It seems like some people already have. So, I don't know.
Speaker A: Have you been, have you been messing around?
Speaker C: Not really.
Speaker A: In the shitcoin streets, it feels like that's like your djen roots.
Speaker C: I agree.
Speaker A: And in fact, I've been slowly but surely working my way through, by the way, all transcribing all 300 plus of our podcast episodes together. And I can say very, very truthfully that the shitcoin streets are where you were born. Like, you were born in the shitcoin streets, as evidenced by our transcripts.
Speaker C: So I don't know. Yeah, I may start getting it because the nice thing with crypto is you can, the liquidity, like, you can trade, you know, fairly easy. Nfts, liquidity are, you know, it's obviously not. Not similar, but yeah, you can, you can definitely have an opportunity to make some money, especially if things are running. And honestly, if you get on the right shit coin not to induce Fomo here, anything can happen. I just think of, like, remember a couple years ago when I. When Dogecoin pumped after the kind of the bottom of a cycle, and it just. Everybody thought, oh, it's done, it's done, it's done. And it just kept going for days and days and days until the peak when Elon Musk was on Saturday Night Live. Remember that one?
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm pretty sure we, like, called the top that I think we accurately.
Speaker C: Did, it didn't stop.
Speaker A: Pop was definitely the.
Speaker C: Like, it just kept going. You think of other ones, like, what's the shit? There was a bunch of big defi ones that pumped extremely hard. So, yeah, if you get in the right one, I mean, there's. There's definitely some opportunity there. Obviously, you don't want to.
Speaker A: All right, but we need to. Let's go to maybe. What is your top couple pieces of advice chamber. For anybody who has never dabbled in the shitcoin streets, how can people responsibly, maybe dabble if they.
Speaker C: Yeah, I would say it's very difficult to. Again, this is very momentum based trading, so a lot of the technicals and a lot of the. I wouldn't spend too much time researching every coin. What you want to do is you want to keep an ear to the ground for possible momentum changes, in particular coins.
Speaker A: Do you remember how much, like, fundamental goodness.
Speaker C: I mean, it works. It works in bitcoin and ethereum and some of the. Your higher volume cryptocurrencies, but I'm talking straight. Just the less than $100 million market caps.
Speaker A: Yeah, but there was a time back in 2017 and 2018 ish, where everything was, you know, there was the Ta people and the FA people, the fundamental analysis people that would do, like, write ups on what the team was doing, who they were and what their token was for and all this stuff. It's like, none of that shit, actually.
Speaker C: None of it. It was wild. It was wild. So, yeah, I would say follow. I don't know, follow some people that know what they're talking about. There are some really good traders on. On Twitter, and the nice thing is, is a lot. Not all of them. There's still some scammy people out there, but the people that are still around trading consistently are usually pretty good, I think.
Speaker A: Des, do you have any, you have any piece of advice for. For any potential meme coin chasers out there? Because I have one if you don't.
Speaker B: No, I've never chased really meme coins, so it's all you. This is a very wrecked segment, and I'd love to hear it.
Speaker A: Yeah, I will. And then we'll switch. Which switch?
Speaker B: Oh, by the way, the Monday news. Very excited that rect is gonna live on as it should, and couldn't think of two better co hosts to take that on if that happens.
Speaker A: Totally agree there. So, especially now that I'm nostalgic, going through all of our old transcripts and stuff, I would say with these meme coins. Like be careful with the actual liquidity that's in any one of these tokens at any one time. Right? Like, you know, you see people out there that have paper gains of a million dollars on a $300 shitcoin buy, but if they went to actually go sell it, it's really only worth like six hundred k. And you're like, yeah, well that's still pretty good, but. Yes, but what it means is there's not as much liquidity as you may think in a lot of these and it can get pulled very quickly. So you know, the TLDR is don't let, don't get caught holding the bag on this stuff. I do want to go down to Tammy and then we'll go to v squared and then we'll change gears a little bit here. Tammy Gm hello.
Speaker D: Hello. It's funny, my GM post this morning was my rendition of Pepe. Right. Because that's everywhere right now in the web three space and it was a warning to degens to be careful because law of gravity is what goes up, what comes down. Right. But I, but what I wanted to comment on and why even came up to speak is the NFT market. So for most of us as artists and even the projects, it is 100% tied to the market because people don't want to spend from their own, you know, banks or their own IRL accounts. They want liquidity to spend in the space. And if it's not happening, sales go down. If it is happening, people buy. I mean, it's just law of nature. Right. So right now, I think what's going on with Pepe is there's going to be a lot of people that make a lot of money, but there's going to be a lot of people that lose a lot of money because they're new and they're fomoing in. And when it reaches a certain point, people are gonna cash out. You know, I mean it's just normal. But those of us that have been here building the artists, the PFP projects, everything else, we will benefit from. What you all make of Pepe. That's my.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's a, it's a really good point. I think there's a couple things in there that are interesting that you, you brought up, which is one, I totally agree with the sentiment that like people want to purchase in the space with money that they already have in the space. Right. Like we are. It's funny. We were talking about it. I think it was on coffee with captain yesterday where either yesterday or the day before where there was kind of a question going around from Josh that was like, hey, what would actually, what would actually inspire you to spend fresh money, fresh fiat in the NFT ecosystem? And, you know, it's a good question because I think most people, like you said, Tammy, are playing with money that they already have. And so whether that's, in some cases here, it's tied up in illiquid jpegs, right? So that means they don't have that liquidity. But in other scenarios here, you know, you're going to see a lot of people make a lot of money and then maybe come and sprinkle that love around. But at the same time, maybe those people that are buying from you are unfortunately the late goers to the meme coin party and might end up losing a lot of money. So it's a very interesting dynamic. And I would say, like with this meme coin stuff and just in general, a lot of times the people that are making these ridiculously screenshotty types of amounts of money are the people that are in it super, super early. So by the time you're hearing about it, a lot of times it's too late. And I don't know, would you agree with that chamber and Des, I mean.
Speaker C: Usually if you're hearing about it due to people talking about it, it is too late. So, yeah, no, I think, I think.
Speaker A: You'Re spot on, des, any thoughts there on just like how that might, like how you've seen it rotate? Like just money rotate in the ecosystem?
Speaker B: Yeah, no, I mean, that's a fairly valid point, right? When these, when we were like through airdrop season, right? Airdrop season is kind of like people making money off of, you know, shit coins.
Speaker A: Good point.
Speaker B: And so we always, usually see an infusion back into the market after these airdrops, right, because people label it as free money. They get a little loose with it. So, I mean, yeah, it's, it's a proven, it's a proven thing about it. The problem is with shitcoins, unlike airdrops, is people usually get a little bit more wrecked on that. So it probably balance out a little bit more. But, you know, valid point. Valid point. Hey, I think, you know, we talked about adding a little bit more value and knowledge on this and v squared brought it up in the chat and I don't care. I'll ask it. You know, for those who maybe not know what you're talking about as far as slippage, can you give the 15 2nd definition of what slippage is and how it pertains to kind of selling out.
Speaker A: Yeah, I would say there's kind of two things. One, there's what slippage is, and then there's two is like that liquidity that's actually being provided as a whole. Right? So like slippage is basically the bid versus the distance between the bid versus the ask. And whenever you're swapping on these like token swaps, like uniswap or sushi, there's usually a spread there. And because what you're actually doing is like real time market selling, you're not placing limit orders on most of these tokens, you're subject to that slippage. Right. So it's like where that liquidity is being provided. And you can see there's a lot of these defi things now where you can actually kind of provide liquidity in a very specific price range, which is interesting. So that's part of the cause of that too. So like that's what that slippage is where, you know, you might see a token, you might see your like quote on uniswap be something that ends up being, you know, different. When you go to sign that transaction, it's because there's that spread there and you have to be able to kind of the lower that spread. Like the lower the percentage between the bid and the ask, the more closely you will get to what you actually are seeing on the screen. And sometimes you can't even get a trade in because the spread is so far away and can't be guaranteed. Chamber.
Speaker C: I was going to say, just to simplify it even more. Imagine you had $10,000 that you're trying in a, in a shitcoin on paper, right? Like you look at your opensea account and that's what it says. But when you go to trade it, say at that price point, say it's a dollar, the price of the NFT of the shitcoin is at a dollar that could only account for maybe a few thousand dollars of that bid. So say at a dollar, there's $2,000 worth of liquidity. So your $10,000 as you sell it, that $2,000 gets eaten up. Well, the next price down, it might be ninety eight cents, and that might only have $1,000 worth of liquidity. So there's $3,000. But now you're not at a dollar at down and down and down until that $10,000 is eaten up. So by the time you get to the bottom, you could be selling more than half of your bag instead of $1 you're selling it at. You've lost nearly 10% of what you thought you were going to get. Does that make sense?
Speaker A: Makes sense to me. We were talking today about adding some BasIc concepts and some education to the show. I think that qualifies us for today. What do you think?
Speaker C: What do we want to call that? This is Gia's idea, by the way.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: It's a great back to basics, I think is what you want to call it.
Speaker A: Yeah. Next time we'll throw the whole segment in with maybe make a drop or something. But that's our back to basics segment today. All right, next topic. Tammy, thank you for bringing that up. I appreciate it. Great point and appreciate you joining us today. Welcome. Anytime. I do want to get to some of the NFT stuff going on, des, I think it's important that we just touch on this. I don't know how, you know, in depth. We want to go, but I think it's worth commenting on. You know, we saw all this stuff happen in the last week or so with Franklin having kind of gotten himself in a sticky situation with trusting an investment, I guess. And the word on the street is about for the tune of like $4 million, 2000 eth. And, you know, yesterday we saw that he kind of deleted his, his whole Twitter. I'd love to get your, your thoughts on it, but before that even, like, it's funny, we were talking about this yesterday in, we're sorry, Monday we had our first, like, Ben Mesrich project movie screenplay writer's room. And it was like an open topic for people to kind of come in and pitch ideas to Ben on. Like, what do you want, what we should be writing the screenplay on for the, for the community and helping out. And the whole story of kind of yuga and bored apes kept being a common theme. And there was, you know, like Franklin, like Ben had been following the Franklin story. And so that became like part of the topic of conversation, which I thought was really interesting. So chamber, you were, you were there in that chat, first of all, what did you think of that chat?
Speaker C: I mean, it's so, what a world we live in where, you know, we can get into a room with like, I don't know, like 50 people and you can ask a, you know, someone like Ben who's an award winning author and screenplay writer. Yeah. And you're basically given ideas for movies and screenplays and whatnot and you're getting a media feedback. I thought it was amazing. I pitched them an idea that I had and it definitely highlighted someone's journey, kind of the rise and fall of like an NFT person, just like a regular NFT person through the lens of bored ape Yacht club I thought was interesting. But, yeah, I thought it was fantastic.
Speaker A: Yeah, it was really cool experience. Like, how often do you get to kind of discuss movie ideas with a best selling author and screenwriter? Right. Like, des, what are your thoughts on kind of the whole situation?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, it's, I've never met Franklin, nor have I ever really talked to him, but, you know, it's an interesting situation. I think it kind of encapsulates a story that, you know, maybe a little bit more magnified in his scenario, but, you know, a story that probably resonates with a lot of people that have jumped into this space over the last two years. And so, you know, it's interesting. I saw Sugar Shane kind of write his, like, one tweet post about the rise and fall of Franklin, and then Ben jumped in to and commented, you know, I'd love to tell the story. Who do I talk to? And so, I mean, it, it is something that is, like, attention grabbing. I think, personally, for me, it's always funny. I, you know, in the back of my mind, I always thought, like, oh, you know, my similar situation could be a little bit similar to Franklin if some things panned out and if I had held a little bit more and, you know, there was that possibility. But it's just so funny because how that works out and the mental health of, like, fomo and what that is and to see where it went, it just kind of makes you feel grateful for what you do have and the decisions you made. So it's an interesting cautionary tale probably for the last two years.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think it's one, the idea that we're, you know, we all try to preach this, like, these, like, trustless systems, and then something like this happens in which, you know, it seems at least the, the trust was broken between him and whoever this, this deal was. Right. And we don't know the whole story there, of course, but he said in a tweet that, you know, he trusted somebody with an investment, ended up not being the case. And so, like, there's that aspect to it. And then there's also the kind of, you know, cautionary tale of, like, when's enough, enough type of thing and, and, like, what that has to, you know, how that takes effect on somebody where it's like you have, he was by, I would say, most everyone's standards, one of the best, if not the best trader in the entire NFT market and history. Right. Like a guy, you know, turned having a bored ape into being able to trust somebody with a 2000 eth investment. Right. Like, but, you know, part of that means at some point you got to manage that risk and take some off the table. And it's, it's so sad to see that happen to somebody who's, you know, again, by all accounts an amazing human being. So it just sucks. But I think it's worth noting. I don't know if it's like having the price impact on apes that people are saying it is. It just looks to me like the whole market is kind of following that direction. So I wouldn't say, you know, that has had some kind of crazy, crazy price impact. I don't know. What do you think about that, Des?
Speaker B: I don't know. I don't think it has anything to do with, with Franklin's sell off or anything like that. I think that's just the general trend of the market a little bit.
Speaker A: But, yeah, Tammy, jump back in. Yeah.
Speaker D: You know, what I'm gonna say is it's interesting because a lot of the spaces that I'm going into are talking about Franklin and is he lying? Is there an alternative reason that he's selling? And I'm like, you know, it tells us a lot about ourselves, right? So I think there's a lot of people that have been waiting for him to fail because, yeah, and that sucks, right? I mean, it's like, it, it kind of represents this whole space that we're in. We all like our Kumbaya, right? But in the background, are we waiting for the ones that are six to fail so that we can say, see, you're on the same level as me. And it's interesting what's happening in the spaces because I believe him and I feel bad for him and I think we should all have some empathy for each other and support each other. And it's kind of crazy what's going on right now.
Speaker A: Totally. I mean, I wouldn't wish, uh, losing 2000 eth on my worst enemy. Like, even, I mean, even if there was something else at play and like, it's still, it's still incredibly terrible to happen to somebody. I couldn't imagine that happening to anybody I knew or myself or so I totally agree with you there. And I think, like the Izzy lying stuff, I'm not even entertaining that really because, and I'll just take what he says at face value for now. I mean, some, if, if that's the case, somebody will find it and you can judge then. But, like, this guilty till proven innocent thing is not something we should participate in. I don't think chamber any. Go ahead.
Speaker D: Listen, my question, too is why does it matter? Like, I know it's a great point. It makes me insane how interested we are in other people's wallets and what they're doing and judging them. You know what I mean? Like, what? What does it matter?
Speaker C: I don't even know who Franklin is.
Speaker A: I actually believe.
Speaker B: I mean, it's crazy. I actually.
Speaker C: I mean, I know. I don't. I don't. Like. I mean, I've heard the name Franklin, but I couldn't.
Speaker A: Chamber, you didn't know who Farouk and G money were?
Speaker C: No, I thought they were. I thought they were new fans of the show.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: Crazy. They didn't know.
Speaker A: Were you here for that show, des?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: That was great. Feroc came up and Chamber was, like, following you.
Speaker B: Oh, man, it was.
Speaker A: Yeah, it was good time, but. All right, let's. Let's keep going around the horn here. Des, did you get a dot sluice poster yesterday?
Speaker B: You know what I signed up for dot Swoosh, like, back in November. Never realized. I got the email that said I was approved, and so I just signed up for my dots, which, like, a day ago. So the quick answer is no.
Speaker A: Oh, so you were late to the party chamber. Did you ever sign up? I don't know if it's a us only.
Speaker C: I think it is a us only. I did not sign up.
Speaker A: You know, you guys, at least up there, can stake without repercussion of life in prison, but, you know, you don't get in on all these wonderful brand programs. So, like Starbucks.
Speaker C: Okay, I received, speaking of Starbucks Odyssey, I received an email saying I was approved. Can I. Can I, in fact, now participate in this?
Speaker A: Likely not if you actually went to. So. So part of. Because I don't have the app happened.
Speaker C: To sign up, I gotta.
Speaker A: Yeah. Part of what happened at the end was that we were getting to an area on the waitlist and there was no real way to kind of sort parse who was. Yeah. Who was international or not. And so they, they just sent the invites and you would have gotten a ineligibility on your attempt to.
Speaker C: Because I was going to. And then it's like, oh, put in your Starbucks login and password. I'm like, no, I had to start a new. So before I went and created a new profile, I wanted to check with you first.
Speaker B: So that saves me a step personally. Money grabbed $100 from me today in Fiat, of all things. I hope you. I hope you enjoy that hundred dollars that I gave.
Speaker A: That money was going to me. Did you? So you did. You got your second. We are doing, for those who don't know, the Starbucks Odyssey second drop is live. We had an early access window for those who had two or more journey stamps completed. So those people were all guaranteed in that first three hour window. It's now in the public sale, and there was a limit of one per. So it's still going on, and we'll see how that ends up by tomorrow. But it was much smoother experience today. The site didn't tip over and, uh, much more, much less angry people at me than there were last time. Uh, so that's good. And, uh. But, yeah, that. I'm glad. Here, you got one? I got one. Uh, my mom got her second one. She stays, uh, stays ahead of the game. So, um, that's going well. But the dots wish is interesting. I actually did get my poster airdrop. To me, they're airdropping, I think, 106,000 of them out of the, like, 300,000 eligible wallets. So you have, like, a one third chance of getting this airdrop. That poster is essentially allowing, as you're serving as your allow list for their first paid drop, I believe, which happens on May 8, and they're doing their air force ones, which is pretty cool. So if you haven't gotten that, I don't. I think you can. Can you trade the posters, Des? I don't remember.
Speaker B: I don't think so, because it's on, like, a specialized Nike wallet that I'm not sure that there's a marketplace for.
Speaker A: I agree. I don't think you can yet. So if you got one, you got one, you can participate in the drop. If not, you have to, I think. Just wait your turn. I think I saw something that said, like, the price point was going to be around, like, $20. I don't know if that's accurate or not. I remember seeing that. It makes sense with it being in line with that type of supply. Right? Like, if you're dropping 106,000 posters that are eligible for a mint, you imagine the supply will be that much. So a $20 price point makes a lot more sense than a $200 price point, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, definitely.
Speaker A: Yep. So I'm interested. I can't wait to see what happens. It makes me beg the question. And, des, I'm going to you on this one, because I know you were a large clone X bag holder. How do you see this stuff affecting your clone x bags?
Speaker B: Well, I'm mostly out of my clone x bags, but, yeah, I, you know, I think it's a little bit of a slap in the face that the Clonex holders didn't get, like, a free poster. I know that's what the community was basically asking for. Interesting that, you know, Nike has a fully kind of built out web three brand with artifact and have chosen to do stuff on the side of. Of that. I would have thought they'd kind of roll it through artifact, but, you know, it's, I don't know, probably so not good for all those that are holding Clodagh. It makes me feel not good.
Speaker A: Yeah, I believe clone X are under three eth at the moment. Do we know the current price? I can look it up, but, yeah.
Speaker B: 287, 275, something like that.
Speaker A: Yeah. Pretty wild to see. And I mean, not. It's a sign again, of both of these things converging. Right. It's not the. It's not just that. It's also the market. I invited dank up because I see that one, he's waving at me ferociously down there. But two, I see he's got some dot swoosh in his bio. So if he's. Then it looks like he left. So if he's coming back, we'll get him up because I'm sure he had a comment, but otherwise. Let's throw it too, Timmy.
Speaker D: Okay, so my question is, we know what's happening, right? And so Nike is coming in and with their new dots. Whoosh. And there's a lot of Adidas and a lot of Starbucks, a lot of brands coming in. My question is, we know that they are coming in with a way for people to onboard without knowing they are onboarding. Right. They're smart and they're going to do it in a way that is just digital rewards. And people are going to sign up and do a wallet without even knowing they're in this space. My question is, it's going to happen so freaking fast. Okay. We all are talking about it here, but my thing is, is this going to happen so fast? What makes us relevant? The ones that have been here building and making this space, what keeps us relevant? We have to start looking at that. We have to start building together, collaborating. I would love to see artists and PFP projects combining their strengths because I think what's going to happen is so many people are going to be brought into this space from brands that don't even know they're in this space, why would they even look for us? Do you know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's a really good point. Chamber. I'm going to throw it to you real quick because my audio came out of. But I want to. I want to respond to it as soon as I get a fix here, but I'll throw it to you for a sec.
Speaker C: Sorry, I was just reading the comments in our chat there. I mean, I'm more interested to know what Des thinks on this. Cause I feel like he has a better grasp on everything.
Speaker B: On everything.
Speaker C: Just like everything.
Speaker A: Well, I'm pissed. Cause I actually wanna respond, but I don't wanna ruin the audio. So your audience. Okay, well, then I think, tammy, it's a great point. I'm curious to hear. I'll throw it back to you in a second because I'm actually curious to hear, like, what you would recommend. And then two, I think part of it is, you know, at least what we're doing with Starbucks, it's super important to us as kind of advisors as well as to Starbucks as a brand, entering the space to do it in an authentic way that includes the people here. Right. So, like, one of the things that we're looking to very specifically do with Starbucks is feature web three artists in the stuff that we're doing. Whether that's, you know, collaborative stamps, whether that's mini journeys, whether that's things like that. We're actually looking to highlight projects and artists in the space. And so I think part of it is on the brands to kind of understand, but it's also up to, I think, the people already here to kind of be loud about brands that aren't doing it in an authentic way. Right. And so that would be my feedback. I'm curious to hear, Timmy, like, what else would you recommend for people that are here with all this stuff going on?
Speaker D: Well, first of all, I would say that I don't think that any brand coming in is not in an authentic way. Right. They. A lot of the brands coming in don't even know what we're doing here. So they are going to come in with whatever they're advised to come into. And so I don't have. I don't blame the brands. I don't blame the people that are meeting up at the brands. I think all of us, all of us that are here, the ones that have been building for the last two years, need to accept that when we say mass adoption, that's all mass adoption. We can't pick and choose. Brands are coming in and so we need to either find a way to collaborate or pair up together to build this, I don't know, this web three like bonding thing that keeps us relevant because I think what is going to happen, and I'm not even gonna like, sugarcoat it, I think that what's gonna happen is there's gonna be a lot of brands coming in, especially from the US. And I think that they are going to onboard all these people and these people aren't going to know what the hell they're doing. They're just coming in and, and doing digital rewards and they have no clue what nfts are or us until later. So we are going to fall to the background. So it is our duty to find a way to stay relevant.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's a great point. And I think there is. I think there is a lot that, you know, these brands either can do or the advisors of the brands to help kind of be, like I said before, authentic to the space. And I think that's important. But I do think you're right in the sense of like, it depends on how a brand is using it, right, where if it's just as a tech in the background, you're right, that's going to happen because it's hundreds of thousands of people that maybe don't know that they're even interacting with blockchain and nfts and those people won't come into the rest of this space and discover what's here. But I think if the brands are thoughtful and careful about it, I think they would allow kind of education and discovery, which I think is what we're trying to do with Starbucks. So I think it's really going to be a case by case basis on how these brands are interacting and being advised. Quite honestly, I do want to throw it over to dank because he waited very patiently. I assume you wanted to chime in about Swoosh. So go ahead. Thanks for joining us.
Speaker E: Thanks guys for bringing me up here. Love the conversation. So, yeah, yeah, I did want to touch on that dot swoosh real quick. So just a little context. I do work for the brand. I'm actually at work right now on my lunch and I'm about to go back on the floor, but I'll keep it short, simple and sweet. I just wanted to comment on whoever was talking about the Clonex and wanting to kind of get, yeah, that guy, there was a comment like where he was saying or something about that community wanting like a pair of these air forces. So I'm not like, I'm not part of the big brass. I'm not, like, in the C suite. But we do have a company blog, so I do get, like, bits and pieces of information about some of this stuff. And what I can tell you is the whole swoosh like program, it's not meant for people like us in the space who are somewhat well versed. This kind of ties into what you guys were already talking about. This is for people who have zero to no experience in web three. And what they're trying to do, like, you guys have been talking about, is make it sort of a seamless transition and something like, they don't feel like they're starting something new. Because the whole premise behind the Dos swoosh, like, the culture is the sneaker culture, right? Like, what they're trying to really, really promote is moving to web three and take that sneaker culture over into web three. So when they. So tomorrow on the sneakers app, I'm not sure if you guys are familiar with it. It's on the Google Play. It's on iOS. It's like their high heat raffle app that you can enter in raffles, and there's a whole, like, social media aspect to it. Tomorrow at 03:00 p.m. they're having what they call a dot swoosh session, and they're going to be, like, revealing what the. They're called our force one or of one. And they're going to be revealing the community, like, artwork that they decided was good or something like that. Like, I know in the months up to the launch, they had a whole, like, survey and polls and whatever across all their social media.
Speaker A: Yeah, they had, like, the Instagram like bracket that they did, which is also another thing.
Speaker E: I can't believe they're not on Twitter and they're on Instagram, but that's a whole separate tangent.
Speaker A: Well, that could be Instagram's fault. They baited us with all this web three NFT capabilities for some time now.
Speaker E: And I've been trying to hit him in the DM's, like, yo, like, come to Twitter. Like, this is where the people. Like, this is where the people are at. So kind of riffing off of what Tammy and what you were saying, how we can stay relevant is like, we're already here. So when all the people come and they're all, like, exploring and discovering this space for the first time, we'll already be here. And, like, personally, in my opinion, I think it's, like, good that we are already here and we can kind of help, you know, navigate some of this stuff because I'll tell you what my, so I'm actually low key tight about this, but my brother, who has no experience in Web three, no experience in nfts, like zero, like, exposure at all, he got airdropped a poster, and he's been texting me all day. He's like, yo, like, how do I do this? What wallet do I use? Like blah, blah blah this, blah, blah, blah that. And I'm like, bro, like I'm low key type, but I'm at work right now and I'll help you work through it. Just like give me like 1015 minutes here. And like, don't worry, bro. Like it's, you got the email, it'll be in your wallet. But basically if you're a Nike member, you're on this list. I don't know how they comprise it. I don't get to see under the hood like that. But if you're a Nike member, you have a chance to enter into the mint. The airdrop was only yesterday at 09:00 a.m. which kind of sucks, but I can say that I think it, I think they're going to be releasing it for public. I think like the first two weeks in May I or something like that. And then the idea behind it is just create an entire marketplace similar to, I don't know, like kicks a fire or like Stockx or goat. I'm not sure if you guys are familiar with those third party, like, okay, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool. Their idea is to create a marketplace like that and have the community trade the shoes inside of that. That way they can keep it in house, promote the brands and hopefully build off of that. What they're going to do after that, I have no idea. I can only guess they're going to be dropping more like air quote virtual merch, right. That you can redeem in real life because these air Force ones, you can redeem them and you can actually like get them and wear them and show them off. And I don't know, I think it's pretty cool. I'm super passionate.
Speaker A: I love it.
Speaker C: It's awesome.
Speaker A: No, I think you've made some awesome points. The first one I want to touch on, I think is maybe the most important one, which is kind of the difference between how Nike is doing this versus maybe the while having ownership of Clonex where I mean, to me it's very evident that that's what this is in terms of them trying to onboard the normal sneaker head rather than the web three person because of how they actually gave out swoosh ids. So if you were paying attention, they went all over the country in person events and did these kind of, like, live swoosh sessions in which the people that were there would be, you know, kind of taught through, like, their tutorial of what it is, what they were offering, all that stuff, and then they were given a swoosh id on demand. Right? Like, or on site. And meanwhile, you had all the Clonex people like, well, where's our swoosh ids? And you know what? That was. What the communication was is like, hey, look, let us onboard. Like, this is meant to. Onboard. And onboarding is good for everybody. And so I see, like, what your point is there about the difference. And I think, like, what you can see is, you know, artifacts and Clonex, they have all this other kind of metaverse y plays going on, and I'm sure the tie in will come there. So I totally agree with you there. I definitely think it's a. It's a strong play by them to kind of corner their own marketplace for this stuff as well, because, you know, they lose on things that are being sold through these third party marketplaces.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: So if they can kind of corner that and control it, like, that's obviously great for their business as well. And I think your last point on, like, hey, we're already here. Yes. Because, like, these people will get curious the second that you. The second that you, like, own an NFT, transact with it, sell it, get utility from it. It kind of turns the light bulb on, and then once that light bulbs on, that's when you go discover, like, we all got here one way or another from, like, that happening to us through top shot. And so I think that's a really important point as well. Chamber any reactions here before I kick it to Des, and then we'll. I just want to know when I'm.
Speaker C: Getting my shoes, man. I just want to know.
Speaker B: I think it's June. I think June.
Speaker A: I think it's June for the crypto kicks.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's exciting.
Speaker A: And then you're gonna have to decide, or then. Then you're gonna have to butter me up and actually get me to ship them to you.
Speaker C: It'll be summertime, so I feel like it'll be. You'll have that additional vitamin D to, you know, you'll be in a good mood for most of the summers.
Speaker A: My guess, I say you all should just meet up in real life to get them. You know, there's no way. I think. I think at this point in the bit, it's better if we never meet.
Speaker D: True.
Speaker B: Like, I think it's better if me and chamber meet before you.
Speaker C: Yeah. If you could send them to Des, and then I'll meet up.
Speaker A: Des, any final thoughts on today's show before we close it down?
Speaker B: That's perfect timing. You can come for the finals. NBA finals featuring the Lakers.
Speaker A: And.
Speaker B: And then that'll be the perfect timing.
Speaker C: Guys, are you excited right now? Because I gotta tell you, I was talking to pain earlier today. In my mind, there's, like, a 15% chance that the Lakers win the championship this year. What do you think about that number I got?
Speaker B: You know, it's not crazy off. It's probably a little less.
Speaker C: It probably is.
Speaker B: It's probably.
Speaker C: But in my heart.
Speaker B: But, you know, in your heart it's 100. So, you know, somewhere in the middle.
Speaker C: I feel like it's gonna happen, man. It's gonna be Boston against the Lakers in the finals. Lakers win.
Speaker B: Inside nostalgia.
Speaker A: My knicks got slaughtered last night by.
Speaker C: Sure did.
Speaker A: Cleveland Cavaliers. Well, you know, the classic home split for the Cavs. So I'll take it. But, yeah, we're. Let's chamber rate the show today.
Speaker C: They're all tens, man. They're all tens. Yeah, it's great show. We had back to basics. We. We did some. Some crypto stuff. We did some NFT.
Speaker A: An informative show today. We didn't talk about pizza at all.
Speaker C: Talked about records or albums that were banned in our households.
Speaker A: Oh, did you go through the chat? Were there any other?
Speaker C: I didn't check.
Speaker A: All right, let's see des write the show.
Speaker B: Ooh, it's. We checked a lot of boxes. It's a solid nine. Yeah. No, that's a rookie score. God damn it. That's a rookie score. It's eight points. Eight points.
Speaker C: You know the rules. One bite.
Speaker B: Yeah, I know the rules. I still want to do that. Pop in a discord for an hour. 1 hour.
Speaker A: I like that. Actually, I was trying to see. I thought I saw someone else. 6th or 7th grade. So fix the 6th or 7th grade. Dad found the slim shady lp, and it went right.
Speaker C: That would have. That would have definitely been. I feel like that one got thrown out the most.
Speaker A: If I. Yeah, I mean, if you stumbled across Kim, that was enough, right?
Speaker C: I let my slim shady.
Speaker A: Or was that. That was slim shady. I don't remember.
Speaker C: I let my daughter listen to Stan the other day.
Speaker A: Oh, wow.
Speaker C: She was. She was shocked, I think was the best.
Speaker A: Dear mister, I'm too good to call a right.
Speaker C: Oh good. So good.
Speaker A: Dev, this will be the last podcast I ever send your ass. All right. Hurt me. Says wait. Napster was like 1999, 2000. People were still buying tapes back then. Like new ones.
Speaker C: What's happening?
Speaker A: And then, and then pain. And then pain just comes over the top and just cc's and tag circles. I love it. It's great. All right. That is going to do it for us today. What day is it?
Speaker C: Wednesday.
Speaker A: Night shift tonight. Night shift. Spaces?
Speaker C: I believe so. I believe so. Yeah, I think.
Speaker A: All right. 830 on the Twitter machine. Night shift, Nft night shift. 830 tonight followed by coffee with captain in the morning, Nft lunch break at noon, Alpha afternoons, tomorrow at 04:00 p.m. all brought to you by DJet Network. Don't forget to check out our newsletter and website. Tons of awesome articles there. We're going to be doing some giveaways through the newsletter so if you haven't subscribed to that, please do. And don't forget, we'll be back here on Friday afternoon, same time for eastern one Pacific. That's going to do it for us. For chamber and Des. Amen.
