Speaker A: Come with me and you'll be in a world of your imagination take a look and you'll see into your imagination gonna take a look to drag me away from you there's nothing that 100 men, no more give on you I best rain down in Africa so you're a tough guy like, you're really rough guy just can't get enough guy just always a puff guy seduce your dad tight la la la yeah, I met at 100 la la now we at the same house party la la la if you want to waste time, baby, waste your time in California yeah, I'm a bad guy come off like a mad guy always catch a bad guy.
Speaker B: I'm so glad you made it to that part. I'm like, I hope he gets there. Cause I was listening in the car this afternoon. I died at that point. That was. That was the piece de resistance.
Speaker C: That was the part the big booty.
Speaker B: Mix was as promised. I hope Anthony is even here.
Speaker C: He's not here. I'm gonna have to make sure.
Speaker B: Unbelievable.
Speaker C: Here for the outro, I guess, because we have an hour of that, so, I mean, you might as well keep.
Speaker B: Bunch. What do you think of big booty mixed?
Speaker A: I thought the plan for the show today was just to play it the whole time.
Speaker B: You could. It's literally like, it's perfect. It's like an hour and a minute. It's exact mid condition amount of time.
Speaker A: You know, I'm starting to think we might have given Anthony too much crap for the big booty mix. I was. I was vibing.
Speaker B: It's something. It's like I listened to a bunch of them, and to me, it's like, wait, wait, wait.
Speaker A: Back up. There's more than one?
Speaker B: That was volume.
Speaker A: I thought it was.
Speaker B: That was volume 16. So.
Speaker A: So, wait, what is this like now? That's what they call music. Is that so?
Speaker B: It's almost. It's almost like a podcast. So that's like. That's how you listen to it on Spotify as a podcast. So right now there's 23 volumes. So there's 23 hours long episodes, basically.
Speaker A: It's such an interesting model. They just drop new 1 hour mixes and you could, you know, garner enough hype with your last big booty mix that people are anticipating the new.
Speaker B: Yeah. I don't know what the frequency is. I didn't check the dates and stuff, but it looks like. It looks like they do them in bunches.
Speaker A: Bunches?
Speaker B: Yeah. So, like, I think, like, so they're.
Speaker A: Dropping multiple volumes once.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Interesting. I might. I'm into it. I was vibing. I've always considered myself like Billie Eilish, the seduce your dad type. So I was really. I was really getting going.
Speaker B: I was playing it. It's funny you mentioned that because, you know, I have. I have a couple kids, and I'm like, I couldn't imagine, like, you. Oh, one day, friend trying to, like, I'm gonna. I like you're vet.
Speaker A: You're very.
Speaker B: I am very charming. I mean, it's. It's really my achilles heel. I can't help.
Speaker A: You better watch, like, your. Your daughters better watch out. Their friends are gonna be. They're gonna be coming over and, you know, we're talking, of course, like, you know, when they're, like, 20 and at this point, you'll be. I don't know. You'll be pushing 50.
Speaker B: I'll be knocking on 50 for sure, if not there.
Speaker A: Yeah, you'll be pushing 50. And they're gonna, like, come into the room and try to, like, offer you a. A doctor pepper or something and, you know, give you a wink on the way out. And you're gonna remember this conversation, this one about the seduce.
Speaker B: Well, I was. I was kind of curious because I want to ask you this question because I had this entire conversation in my head about 2 hours ago.
Speaker A: You played this. You played out this scenario. Like, what would happen?
Speaker B: You couldn't have asked a better question.
Speaker A: But I'm so not surprised that this is where, like, when people, I get DM's all the time about, like, our show, and, you know, how me and you are good together and things like that. And by that, I mean, like, I've gotten that one time, and I always tell them that, like, every. All these seemingly bits that we do are 100% non rehearsed, non discussed prior. And, like, this is another example. I just picked out that one thing, and turns out you had an entire conversation with your own large language model earlier today.
Speaker B: Like, we. We literally haven't spoken since the last show. Am I wrong? Right?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And most of the time, we don't. Like, every once in a while, we'll throw in a couple. That's. That's why our show frequently devolves from the topic of what we're supposed to be talking about and ends up more like two buddies catching up because.
Speaker B: Yeah, usually your text when we go back and forth, a non show related. It's usually just work stuff.
Speaker A: Yeah. Or, like, random.
Speaker B: Exactly. Yeah. Nothing, you know, nothing too in depth.
Speaker A: I mean, let's. Let's. Let's see, my last text to you was yesterday. Our last texts were yesterday morning at 09:00 it was me sending you, and I think you should leave gift.
Speaker B: That's it.
Speaker A: And then talking about our social media. That's all I need.
Speaker B: That's all I need in my life, is just one in the morning to get me going to, and I'm good for the day. But yes, no, I was thinking about this, and I recall, you know, I was just thinking, you know, men of our age and older, they get divorced. They, you know, they tend. I don't know if it's the rule, but I would say a good chunk of them will date younger. You know, if you're 40, you might date a 28 year old. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: This is a fascinating topic that I'm very excited for you to talk about.
Speaker B: But I think I still, like, like, not older women, but women around my age. I want a similar life experience.
Speaker A: I could not agree more. I've thought about this same thing multiple times. I couldn't. I couldn't do it. And, like, if. If I were to, like, you know, get divorced or if my. The more likely scenario is my wife.
Speaker B: Absolutely.
Speaker A: And, you know, if I were out on my own again, first of all, not a good single person. I am not. I've never been a good, like, I've never been, like, for man, I am. Just hold on. I have to back up.
Speaker B: Did you see that?
Speaker A: Yes. So there's a. You've heard us talk about the. The TMC discord chat many times on the show. Des just popped into the chat, and he said, probably, like, 408. Like, right now, it says, probably missed it, but no show today. Question mark.
Speaker B: Amazing. Amazing. I love this.
Speaker A: Anyway, but I forget where I was. I've thought about this many times. I agree. I couldn't do the. I couldn't do the dating younger thing. I'm a bad. Oh, I'm a bad single person in the sense that, like, maybe. Maybe you would. Some would call me some. Being a psychiatrist might call me codependent. Maybe that's it. And because, like, I. Throughout the course of my life, since I was, like, 16, I've probably been single for a grand total, like, every single stint I've ever had. Maybe a grand total of a year.
Speaker B: That's insane. You want to hear something more insane?
Speaker A: I'm a serial dater.
Speaker B: I have been dating or married to Amber. Let me just do the quick math here. Six months after 911.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker D: Wow.
Speaker A: So it really put things in perspective for you and really made you think you needed to settle.
Speaker B: Absolutely. Another thing that happened to me, and I want to know. The real question I had was when Amber got pregnant the first time with our oldest daughter. So about ten years ago, I remember I was going to the grocery store by myself.
Speaker A: Hold on, I have to interrupt you. I want to welcome our third co host to the stage. Des. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker E: No, but for real, like, have you ever gone into Twitter and it's not showing up for some reason?
Speaker B: I don't know what happened. Yeah, you're good, bud.
Speaker A: Both of us blocked you. That's why.
Speaker E: I assume since there was, like, zero chat leading up to the show, I was like, oh, they canceled it and just didn't let me know, which would be totally.
Speaker B: I was dropping big booty mixes all afternoon.
Speaker A: You dropped two big booty mixes within 1 minute.
Speaker B: Might have been hyperbole.
Speaker A: Anyway.
Speaker B: Yeah. Some ten years ago, going to the grocery store by myself and this lady, I'm in the parking lot. I'm walking towards the entrance. This lady comes out of her car, and she's pushing a stroller. Okay. The hottest chick I'd seen that day, like, and all of a sudden, it was just, like, a snap of a finger.
Speaker A: That day.
Speaker B: It was a snap of a finger, and all of a sudden, it was just, like, this new realm of possibility of all these hot moms out there. And it struck me, like, you know, a week prior to that, you know, my eyes weren't wandering that direction, and then it happened, like, you know, like a switch all of a sudden, you know, women that were old, you know, older, but, like, you know. You know, saying, like.
Speaker A: Yeah, you mean like your age?
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: Adult women, really college age.
Speaker B: I would say, you know, if I'm in my twenties, you know, you know, a new mom wasn't a. Oh, right.
Speaker A: Cause you're. This is.
Speaker B: Ten years ago, a new mom wasn't, like, a hot thing. You know what I mean? But then by the time I was, like, 29, 30, it was. It was. It was a good thing. Did you have that? Did you have that, like, you noticing more women of a certain age?
Speaker A: No, I just feel like I. Not really. I feel like, for me, it's just that I am at a certain point in my life where I have priorities that would not match. Could you imagine talking to somebody much younger?
Speaker B: Could you imagine talking to a 27 year old?
Speaker A: That was like. That's what I mean. I mean, no offense to the 27 year old. We were 27 is a full grown adult.
Speaker B: We were all 27.
Speaker A: Hold on. What's the. What's the rule? There's, like, that, you know, superstitious rule. It's, like, half your age plus seven. That's the. That's the socially acceptable.
Speaker B: I didn't know that.
Speaker A: I think that's what it is. So what would that be for you?
Speaker B: 27.
Speaker A: There you go, then. So you did know.
Speaker B: Apparently it's instinctual.
Speaker A: You're like, yeah, I have a tattooed on my hand.
Speaker B: It's like a math formula on my arm.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. All right, hold on. Des, where do you weigh in on this? If you were ever, you know, divorced or are you a.
Speaker E: What?
Speaker A: No. Do you just, like. Do you see yourself being able to date younger if you were ever out in the wild, or would you stick to, you know, your age? I would also never. I'm on the record that I would probably never remarry. Absolutely. You know, out of. But. But not for the reason you'd think. Like, not because I want to alone, you know, go play the field. It's just like, I got 100%.
Speaker B: Yeah. I have no time.
Speaker A: Imagine trying to, like, out of respect for my. My lovely wife.
Speaker B: Could you imagine trying to build a relationship again?
Speaker A: No, I don't want to do that. Like, I've got a good one. And if, for God forbid, anything ever happens to it, like, hey, that was the best I'm ever going to.
Speaker B: I'm 100% agreement with you here.
Speaker A: Circles. I don't even know where you want to jump in here. You probably. This is not his numbers.
Speaker E: Like, 14. So let's just. Let's. Let's not do it.
Speaker A: Well, how old are you? I'm not mister House. What am I, 30? 31? 32? Somewhere else. I got two kids. Okay, so you're. You would be at 32. You're clocking in at 23 would be according to the formula, I guess, but I'm not doing the. Dear Lord.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker A: I'm so. I missed whatever intro music that made this entire conversation devolve into big booty mix, okay? Everyone knows it. Apparently playing. I did initially jump up. I think we lost circles. Circles is probably. I don't know. He's probably on some college campus right now.
Speaker F: He's asking about Stan from Eminem and if. I think stanning is what he said. Is that what we're talking about, circles?
Speaker A: Can you. Yeah.
Speaker B: Can you hear me now?
Speaker A: My comments are.
Speaker B: All right?
Speaker A: Yes, you're better. Okay. Yeah. I was informed that, like, you know, the crazy fans who, like, I, Stan, this person, apparently it came from Eminem. This is news that I learned today. I'm not sure if anybody else was aware of this.
Speaker F: Have you heard the song, Stan?
Speaker B: I just found out that was a thing, like, not that long. Maybe like a year ago, I would say maybe two years ago. Like, it's. I was just circles. You're not alone. I didn't realize that at the time. I thought people were mispronouncing, like, I don't know. I didn't know what Stan was. And then somebody told me and I pieced it together.
Speaker A: I mean, it makes sense, though, once.
Speaker B: You hear, oh, totally.
Speaker A: It makes sense to, like.
Speaker B: Do we lose bunch?
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: I was about to say.
Speaker E: I was literally about to throw my phone down. I was about to throw my phone down. Cause I thought, you know, it's just broken.
Speaker A: Dear mister, I'm too good to call or write my fans. This will be the last podcast I ever host for your ass. I just learned it a couple years ago maybe too. And I was kind of like, oh, that's pretty cool. And that song is, I mean, it's iconic.
Speaker B: Iconic, absolutely. It's one of the great Eminem songs, I would say.
Speaker A: Let's rank them. What's your, what's your favorite Eminem song?
Speaker E: Oh, a mini draft. I've been missing these.
Speaker A: Captain Cap said he. My favorite thing about coffee with captain on Friday is cap tries to program our show every morning. Every Friday morning, where he's like, we're due for a draft. I'll think of one for him to do later. And I actually wish he would have, because we, I would have liked to do one.
Speaker B: They are poor performing shows on the whole. Yeah, they are fun, but we don't get, we don't get any legs out of it.
Speaker E: They're for us.
Speaker A: They are for us. They always have been for us. And like, you know, whoever wants to come along for the ride, they are certainly not for sponsors. That's. They are not. We've been told that on many occasions.
Speaker B: I would say, I mean, for me, I'm thinking like, you know, my name is, has to be on there. Like, if I'm given a three, like three of them.
Speaker A: Yeah, give a top three.
Speaker B: If it's. My name is. It might be Stan. And a newer one, I think. I mean, I think it's a newer one. I think it's called rap God. You heard? Oh, yeah, I like that one. Yeah, I think those are the three that I would put at the top. I'm probably missing a bunch, but I.
Speaker C: Des, are you anti lose yourself?
Speaker B: That's a soundtrack song that's it's a movie song.
Speaker A: Wait, so do you not count soundtrack songs as, like, real?
Speaker B: No, I do. Yeah, that's obviously real.
Speaker A: So.
Speaker B: But I would have it lower than those three in my. In my book. In my rankings.
Speaker A: Des.
Speaker E: Am I allowed to use still Dre? Because.
Speaker A: Yeah, uh, still Dre or forgot about.
Speaker B: Forgot about Dre.
Speaker A: Sorry.
Speaker E: Forgot about Dre.
Speaker A: Sorry.
Speaker E: Forgot about Dre.
Speaker A: Yes, I would say usable.
Speaker E: Okay, then forgot about Dre. Even though I just totally fucked that up. I'm going to still use lose yourself. I don't know why that would be a rule, to not use soundtracks. It's like the most quotable one that everyone. Probably the most popular entire United States. Yeah, that's crazy. Lose yourself and then I'll go the real slim shady.
Speaker A: Okay, pretty good. So I'm looking at a list here from the Guardian Eminem. His 30 greatest tracks ranked, and number 30 on this list is actually rap God chamber. But I'm not pointing that out because it's, like, to dunk on you or anything. But what I wanted to point out was you said it's a newer song. It's actually ten years old already. Isn't that nuts?
Speaker B: That's wild to me.
Speaker A: Dude. That is nuts.
Speaker B: Ten years old.
Speaker A: So the song rap God Eminem illustrates all the cadences he has mastered over the years. Channeling flows from influences such as tech nine, big pun, like an exorcist, summoning spirits, and moving through an impressive 1560 words in just six minutes. Some critics have dismissed this as empty, rippity rap, but the fact a 41 year old still cared this much about his craft deserves.
Speaker B: Was that my uncle that wrote that.
Speaker A: Yeah, Uncle Chamber is on record calling it rippity rap. Yeah. Oh, ten years old already. Yeah. I would go with. Let's see. I want to go with, like, the classics. By the way, Stan ranked number one.
Speaker B: Yes, can argue it.
Speaker A: Stan ranked number one. Forgot about Dre is number three on this list and real Slim shady number two. I think I would have to go. No particular order on these for me. Real Slim Shady. Then where's the other?
Speaker B: I get real Slim Shady mixed up.
Speaker A: With my name is though that. Sorry. Yeah, real Slim Shady, I think is. I'm not even. Man, I don't know. Real Slim Shady. My name is. And nope, not Superman. What's the other one? What's the one that was like. I forget to.
Speaker F: Did Des pick the top three, though?
Speaker A: Des, did you have Stan on your list?
Speaker E: No, I didn't. It's a great one. I know about I also like the.
Speaker B: Deep, like, too depressing purple pills. Also about. Wow, that's a classic.
Speaker A: Do you want to hear. Do you want to hear this full list really quick, because it'll. It'll bring you back. So rap God at number 30, same song and dance from 2009. I don't know know if I know that one. Here's. Here's one that is newer. The ringer in 2018. I'm not even familiar with that one. Don't front from 2013, it's okay. From 1996 till I collapse, 2002, stay wide awake 2009, drug ballad. Sounds like something you'd be into. Brain damage, role model without me cleaning out my closet now these are good scary movies. The way I am. Hellbound, Jay Z, Renegade featuring Eminem. If I had Superman. I'm back. Guilty conscience, deja vu, white America, remember me? My name is square dance, lose yourself, Kim, forgot about Dre, real Slim Shady, and Stan is still.
Speaker C: I collapse.
Speaker A: Not on that. It is. It was.
Speaker C: I'm deaf. That's on me.
Speaker A: No, I sped through them, but it's on there somewhere. It's number 25 on this list anyway. Well, I don't know where to go from here. Should we just map where's v squared.
Speaker C: With our show notes?
Speaker A: Yeah, that's exactly the chamber. The other day, I was like, hey, we don't have show notes anymore. So my preparation for the show is basically negative at this point. So we just come on and shoot the shit.
Speaker B: Oh, that's all right. I did have a question, though. I saw a tweet. I'm just trying to pull it up now from. I'm very curious about Memeland. I think about it a lot, all the time. Like, literally every waking moment, I saw a tweet from them saying, like, I don't know. What was it? It was basically. Yeah, it was an hour. An hour ago, and it was just, like, a tweet where it was just, like, mint price, expensive, mid date, soon supply, 100. What do we know what this is? Is this the actual thing? Is this a joke? I'm very.
Speaker A: Well, you know the thing with meme? Yeah.
Speaker B: A lot of memes.
Speaker A: Yeah, they're really good at memes.
Speaker B: Confused.
Speaker A: And because of that, they're very good at, like, being great on social media. And I would say that their memes are not mid, and.
Speaker B: But I was shocked. I was not shocked. I was shook for the rest of the night. On Wednesday, I really lost complete faith in my abilities on social media. Thanks to last episode, we.
Speaker A: Yes, we don't know the details of the mint state or the token drop yet for meme, however, we are in, I believe, the kind of pre, we're in the waiting list phase, meaning like this is their kind of organic groundswell social media campaign referral for people to kind of get in on the action. If you're not holding a set, all the set like holders have a specific amount of referral codes and stuff they could give out. I think you can earn referral codes. I don't know. But then you can, I think, get in on presale, I think is how it goes. I don't know. Des, do you have any more information on me?
Speaker E: Nope. Never been a bag holder, man.
Speaker A: Yeah. You never had anything you did.
Speaker E: I know it's.
Speaker A: No, no.
Speaker E: It's kind of weird. Never, never had exposure.
Speaker A: I just want to shout out our good friend one in a million for retweeting or, sorry, quote, tweeting the space with the caption, what the hell is wrong with you guys? And tagging.
Speaker B: I would say a lot.
Speaker C: I think that goes well with Randall's comment. Yo, is this the retired husband segment or what? I came for the big booty mix.
Speaker A: Randall in the, Randall in the war room. He just, at 411 said lol. At the, at the way chamber said hot moms. We could talk about some, you know, actual stuff going on. I just pinned to the top. Des, I don't know if you've seen this. From dot swoosh on 620, the ultimate sneaker hunt begins Fortnite and Nike, the air maxes in. What are they calling this? Air Foria. So it looks like the dots, swish and Nike ecosystem here partnering with, you know, one of the biggest games on the planet. What say you about this, Des?
Speaker E: I still am a little confused at the relationship between artifacts, which is Nike and Nike's own seemingly web three slash web two kind of combo pack in dot swoosh. Yeah, I mean, sounds awesome. I'm always down for a hunt, but sneakerheads never been my jam, so I'll probably sit this one out. But yeah.
Speaker A: Are you a fortnight player?
Speaker E: I played in the past, gave it up because I suck.
Speaker A: That's actually hilarious because I could so relate to this. I was never so one fun fact about me, if you do not know, I am colorblind, very specifically like reds, greens, browns, all that kind of stuff. And I don't know if games still do this, but some of them have implemented colorblind filters in there, their games, but for a long time they did not. And so, like games like Call of Duty I was so bad at because I, you know, like, looking at the map, they're basically, like, red versus green. And that didn't do well for me, so I would always shoot my own teammates if I could. Or the worst was, like, standing next to somebody I thought was on my team and then getting, like, shot in the head. They are not my teammates. So I was. I can relate to the being bad at video games, so I quit thing. So let's go down to. I don't know if I even want to go to Emily. Emily is going to roast the shit out of all of us for our. For our dating takes, our Eminem takes. This isn't going to be pretty, but Emily, go ahead.
Speaker G: What the fuck, man? I just came to represent hot moms.
Speaker B: Go on.
Speaker A: Incredible.
Speaker G: Bunch of. Have you ever tried those corrective glasses for color blindness? Because those fascinate the shit out of me.
Speaker A: You know, it's a great question. I. And it's worth getting people's opinions here, because I've had this conversation with my wife and my family many times, and they all want to buy a me a pair. And the problem I've had with it in the past is that I'm coming at it from this lens of, like, yes, being able to see the world in full color. How it's supposed to be is probably pretty awesome. I would probably put them on and, like, have one of those very emotional, like, crying reaction videos that I can post on Twitter for Max engagement. But I feel so the way I understand how they work is that they're only good, like, outdoors. Like, you could only really wear them and get the effect outdoors. At least that's how it used to be. I don't know if that.
Speaker B: I'm looking at some online here, and they all seem to be, like, sunglasses.
Speaker A: That's what I mean. Right? So they're only, like, really usable outdoors.
Speaker G: I'm, like, really disappointed that every single member of your family has been like, what would you think if I bought you this really cool gift that no one has ever bought you before, instead of just fucking capitalizing on the opportunity? Like, what a bunch of terrible gigs?
Speaker A: Well, it's because I'm. It's because I'm pretty vocal about me not wanting it, because the. Because of the reason that, like, if I was only able to see it half the time, I feel like.
Speaker G: I feel like that reason is stupid.
Speaker A: Well, that's. That's what I've been told. I've been told that many, many times, but I feel like I would be like, pretty depressed the rest of the time.
Speaker G: You're like, well, if I don't know what it's like, yes, okay, but, like, here's the thing. Maybe if the technology didn't exist right? Where it's like, oh, you know, I can use my bionic legs as long as I have the batteries. Otherwise I'm bound to a fucking wheelchair. I'd be like, charge them up. Let's fucking go.
Speaker A: Like, I. So, like, if. If they came in, like, contact lens form and I could wear them all the time, I would do it 100%. Like, absolutely. Or if they just didn't look like, you know, massive sunglasses that I could not wear indoors, I would definitely do it. But there's part of it where it's like, okay, if I could only do it.
Speaker G: Hold on, hold on. Can we just summarize? The problem here is that a colorblind man is worried about the potential knock it's going to have on his fashion.
Speaker B: I got it.
Speaker A: No, no. Although that when you. When you repeat back to me what I just said, I do sound pretty dumb, but I know. I don't think it's the fashion part. It's the. It's the half time seeing color. Half time. Not that I feel like, would put me in a pretty weird mental state.
Speaker G: Let's. Let's do a thought experiment. Let's pretend you got the golden ticket out of the Wonka bar. Would you wear the colorblind glasses into the Willy Wonka chocolate factory?
Speaker A: If I could, yes.
Speaker G: Yeah. Okay. Sounds like you're full of shit and should just let someone buy them for you as a gift instead of, like, another pair of fucking board shorts or like, a wrinkle free collared shirt or whatever the fuck you put on board shorts at?
Speaker B: A wrinkle free collared shirt is exactly a bunch of yours every day.
Speaker A: That's like 100% what I know.
Speaker G: I've met bunch two. I know you're one of those dudes that has, like, literally 15 pairs of identical cut shorts and probably, like, 28 identical polo shirts that are meant to be for golf. And you're like, I'm gonna be a.
Speaker A: Slob and not, oh, my God, it's like you. I mean, this. It's. Nothing she said is inaccurate, though. That's the thing.
Speaker G: I know, I. Very perceptive.
Speaker A: Do we need. Am I. Is this my intervention?
Speaker B: I was gonna say, do you want.
Speaker G: Me to do some private Dming? Me laughing emojis non stop?
Speaker B: Would you like me to do some clever editing for the podcast version? Punch like I did the last episode.
Speaker A: Absolutely not. This all should stay. I'm all about talking about my shortcomings, and the fact that I have 20 pairs of identical cut shorts is so accurate, it hurts. Right?
Speaker G: And they're all in, like, varying shades of navy. You're like, no, those are, like, the midnight. And these are, like, the dark blue.
Speaker B: Glasses talking to you.
Speaker A: God damn it. It's so true. They're all. I only wear navy. Like, that's it.
Speaker G: And you're like, but these ones have the silver emblem in the proper placement on the back.
Speaker A: Not even that detailed. They're just all navy.
Speaker G: That makes sense.
Speaker A: Just all navy. Mackie, save me.
Speaker G: I bet you've got one pair of charcoal.
Speaker A: I do. And then. And then, like, the. And then I have the, you know, the. The stock pair of, like, salmon or red. Right. For very fancy. Oh.
Speaker G: For when you have to, like, go to the preppy daytime baby shower that, like, the men are also invited to. And then you're also wearing, like, a white shirt with, like, a very subtle flower motif that is maybe polka dots from a distance.
Speaker A: Definitely a big. I'm a big anchor guy. Got a couple of those short sleeve button up.
Speaker B: You gotta have. You gotta have the, like, the boat shoes.
Speaker A: When I. When I met Emily at the Starbucks Odyssey meetup in NFT, NYC, I was actually wearing a dark navy anchor shirt. And I think what she said to me was, I'm pretty sure my husband has that same shirt.
Speaker B: We all have it.
Speaker A: I think she's actually just speaking about her husband and applying.
Speaker G: You are correct. I am making fun of you using the reference point of my husband's super fucking boring wardrobe.
Speaker C: That's even funnier, because one in a million said in the comments, Emily, is your husband a favorite?
Speaker G: Yeah. And, like, full disclosure, that's what bunch you chose to wear that day. And I just, like, put on a shitty t shirt and, like, my pants and a belt, but, like, I seem to forget that my default belt buckle is, like, a resin encased gigantic scorpion. And, like, other people notice it that are not used to it, but to me, it's, like, been so deeply absorbed into my personal.
Speaker A: I do remember you having quite a couple interesting conversations in line at Starbucks that morning.
Speaker G: Yeah, I just, like, for. I don't know. Like, that's just the belt that I always wear. Whatever. So are we talking about m and m's the candy? Are we talking about Eminem?
Speaker A: We were talking about Eminem, the rapper.
Speaker G: Okay. Has he put out a new song in the last 20 years?
Speaker A: Because apparently 2018, he's got some on his greatest hits. But that was chamber before that. Thought that his latest album was from 2013.
Speaker G: Okay. But, like, my last significant memory of an Eminem appearance was when he did the Super bowl.
Speaker A: The Super bowl.
Speaker G: He just, like, performed the same songs that people like. And, like, that's it.
Speaker B: That's what the people want. That's, you know, play the hits.
Speaker G: I mean, I I get that, but also, like, I don't know. Fucking Madonna stays relevant and fresh and, like, britney.
Speaker B: I wouldn't say fresh anymore, but Madonna.
Speaker A: Madonna's hanging out at NFT parties. So have you seen Madonna lately?
Speaker B: Like, she. Fresh is not.
Speaker G: The swelling. The swelling of her surgery has gone down, hasn't she?
Speaker B: No longer looks like a feline.
Speaker A: I saw an article said that she. I saw an article recently that said that she was, like, trying to go back to her old face, which sucks, because I'm not sure that's possible. But I guess with enough money, anything might be possible.
Speaker G: Yeah, that seems kind of unachievable, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, you'd think that the cat's out of the bag with that one, but, Mackie, jump in after. After this. I don't even know where to go. You could roast me. You could save me. I don't know.
Speaker F: Just an absolute gauntlet. Emily. It was just. Just the read. I am impressed, and, yes, I will. I don't want to be on your bad side, that's for sure.
Speaker G: I bet you guys anything I'm gonna.
Speaker C: Get, just as a heads up, Dao's gonna flame. Dal's about to flame Madonna, so you might want to buckle up before.
Speaker G: I mean, okay, like, that's fine. Thinks Madonna is, like, a big bitch, but, like, dow works. Works in that industry, so, like, sure, that makes sense.
Speaker C: Reptilian.
Speaker G: I was gonna say that, like, I'm gonna get some. I'm gonna get some messages from, like, warp Joe later on. He's gonna be like, Emily, why are you taking the easy dunks? Like, just leave the easy dunks alone. But I have to let out.
Speaker A: You're plenty welcome to take those. Like, look, it is who I am. I've become one of those people that's, like, closet full of black t shirts so I don't have to decide what I'm gonna wear every day kind of guy. And it is just. That just is what it is.
Speaker G: Yeah.
Speaker A: Mackie, back to.
Speaker G: You're the CEO of a Fortune 100 company that has massive decision fatigue, and you're like, I cannot be pressed to decide which of my it's exactly clever. Adult wardrobe is gonna work out for the day. Okay, let's, let's hear a Madonna rose. Like a very.
Speaker F: I yield to dow. I yield to dow. I want to talk about Fortnite. And it is just quite the divergence from here.
Speaker G: All I know about fortnight is, like, flossing.
Speaker C: I'm going to keep it short and sweet. I think I'm on hour 350 of this rehearsal. She is a satanic fucking evil bitch. As close to a reptile as I think I've ever seen in the flesh. And they keep handing her these funny waters that I'm going to assume have adrenal crone in them. She's disgusting. And yeah, best song. I will say, though, I gotta post it. I've been listening to a bunch of them. It's not one I've heard often. Chamber. I think you're a fan. I will post it. Burning up. She actually plays a guitar on it. I think it's from her first album. Pretty good. But other than that satanic fucking reptilian bitch. Oh, my God. This can it soon enough.
Speaker A: Wait, tell us about, tell people who may not be aware of, like, why you have any experience with Madonna at all.
Speaker C: Because this world tour, she is so untalented and terrible. It takes them fucking six months to put this world tour together because of all the dancers and lights and visuals of satanic baby killing.
Speaker A: To see what you're, are you, you're not traveling with her, right? You're just.
Speaker C: No, no, no. I'm in an arena where they practice everything before they send it out onto the world tour.
Speaker A: I see. So you're, you're basically, it's like, you know, practice facilities where they just play.
Speaker C: It over and over again and then you think you're getting through the set. And then she didn't like it, so they started again. I think I've heard holiday 675.
Speaker A: Have you, have, have you actually gotten to speak with Madonna?
Speaker C: No, I do not want to turn to stone. So every time she looks my way, I turn and I face them.
Speaker A: Fair chamber. What are your thoughts on Madonna?
Speaker B: I mean, she is. I have no, you know, no reference whether she's a reptile or not, but I'd say she's, you know, just the female version of the Rolling Stones at this point. It's just like, all right, are we, are we done yet? Like, let's, let's get this over with. The, the interest. The prime's over.
Speaker G: I'm going to.
Speaker C: She's got some stones.
Speaker B: I gotta give her some of the stones.
Speaker C: Every other song they play, I'm like, oh, yeah, I forgot. This is Madonna, 37, song four act world tour.
Speaker G: I'm gonna. I'm gonna step in here ahead of Mackey. I apologize for being rude. Ladies. Ladies first or something. I gotta say, though, like, when large pop culture bands start covering your act while you're still around and, like, they make it into a banger and your song is still a banger, like, you've achieved a level of entertainment that very few will ever manage to achieve. And, like, the fact. The fact is, I will never be in the same room as Madonna. So I don't really give a fuck that she's like a reptilian hell bitch. All I care is that she comes clear through my fucking stereo when I'm really drunk and want to dance. So.
Speaker A: Chamber.
Speaker G: I highly recommend listening to the star fucker cover of girls just want to have fun, though. That's a really good one.
Speaker A: Oh, I was actually. I was going to say. Which song are you referring to for the COVID So. All right, we'll have to play that as the intro. Or outro. Maybe. Maybe pain. Maybe you could cue that up for the outro chamber. I did. And, des, I need your opinion on this as well. I don't even know if it's an opinion I'm looking for, but my wife today texted me. She likes Elliot Smith. Are you familiar? Okay, so she's an Elliot Smith fan.
Speaker B: How does she get through a day?
Speaker A: She. She's an Elliott Smith fan, and she texted me this morning with a screenshot of her Spotify where she's listening, and it came up on the topic. It came up on easy listening.
Speaker B: Oldies. Yeah, that is not. I mean, it is oldies now because.
Speaker A: It'S from them, but that's what I mean. So, like, where's the cutoff? Are we. Are we living in.
Speaker B: How is it easy listening, though? That is heavy listening, I would say.
Speaker A: Yeah, I would say, too, but you.
Speaker B: Give your wife a hug.
Speaker A: What is oldies?
Speaker B: I mean, oldies is anything in the nineties now, like, maybe even the early two thousands at this point, like 20 years.
Speaker A: So, like, so, like, our blink 182 conversations, they're classic rock.
Speaker B: Classic punk, maybe. I don't know.
Speaker A: Yeah, so, like, what's classic rock?
Speaker G: Hold on. If Lincoln 82 is classic punk, like, what the fuck?
Speaker B: Is the dead cat also classic punk?
Speaker A: They're. They're dead.
Speaker B: No, but I think classic punk is classic. And it goes, you know, that's like.
Speaker G: Like once you've reached 30 years old or whatever, you just like a car. You. You have now entered, right?
Speaker B: You can have a classic 19.
Speaker A: It's actually exactly like a car. The second you're born, you just decline in value for the rest of your.
Speaker G: Life until you hit 30 years, and then it costs less to register you annually and you become a collector's item.
Speaker A: That's true. That's exactly right. So, like, I was kind of shocked and not shocked, but it's like, anytime you hear that, it's very depressing. So, like, you know, des, what are your favorite bands from when you were young? Are. They're all considered oldies now or classic rock or whatever. Isn't that depressing?
Speaker E: I don't think they are. I really don't like that. That is my perspective.
Speaker F: They are.
Speaker B: I also try not to live in the past either. So I try to stay fresh with everything from 2013. And.
Speaker G: If we're talking about music and creative value that someone holds in my life, like, how much does the age really fucking matter? Like, I don't know if anyone is ever gonna push Patsy Klein out of my top ten, right?
Speaker A: It's more the. It's more, I think, the realization that I am older than I think according to the rest of society, right? Like, I feel like I'm a child because I act and dress like one. And the. The world, by classifying my favorite music as oldies, is telling me, no, no, no. You are indeed an old man. And that. That, I think, is the depressing part.
Speaker G: I don't know. I mean, I really got a sick sense of satisfaction when I reached an age and realized, like, how old the adults in my life were when I reached that age. And I'm like, they didn't know shit about fuck. I can't believe that.
Speaker A: Isn't that so crazy?
Speaker G: They were a little bit better about, like, seeing the outcome of a potential thing and, like, a little bit more practice not getting hit by cars. But, like, other than that, they're like, if you leave the stove on, you will burn the house down. Like, we need to start cooking dinner now instead of 3 hours, right? Like, just kind of those things. And you're like, okay, cool. Or, like, yeah, you're good at reading. Or, like, you've been alive long enough to, like, have money in a bank account. Like, it's. It's not, like, really more sophisticated than that. I don't know.
Speaker A: It is kind of, uh, an interesting realization chamber. Have you ever thought about that where, like, you know, the. When you were a kid and your. Your parents were, like, the age you are now. Wow. Isn't that a weird.
Speaker B: I was literally just talking about this the other day. So I'm 40. When my dad was, when my dad had his 40th birthday, I came home from school, I was 19 and surprised him for his 40th birthday. Like, I have very young parents.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker B: So, yeah, no, it's wild to me. Like, oh, yeah, like, I'm 40. I was already out of the house. I think my parents were, like, empty nesters by the time they were like, 41.
Speaker A: Interesting. So, Des, were your parents young parents or old parents?
Speaker E: Old parents. My, uh, yeah, old parents. My mom was 44 when she had me.
Speaker A: 44.
Speaker B: I'm tired just thinking it's interesting. I could.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'll be dead by then. Like, for sure. Uh, Mackie, then circles, then Vicky.
Speaker F: Finally, uh, two things. I. It is weird that we're talking about Michigan's brightest stars today. We've got Eminem, we've got Madonna. I don't know what that's about.
Speaker B: Is Madonna from Michigan?
Speaker F: Yeah, basically.
Speaker B: New York, for whatever reason.
Speaker F: That's what she wants, the marketing.
Speaker A: Big lizard population in New York. That's why.
Speaker B: Big lizard. Big lizard energy.
Speaker F: Yeah. The reptiles live in the sewers. Everybody knows that.
Speaker B: Interesting.
Speaker F: So, so on the fortnight thing, yes, it's news, but set your expectations low. So it's probably going to be like a world within the game, not like in the actual game. But if it's in the actual game, then maybe it means something.
Speaker A: Interesting. So when you say as a fortnighter, when you say a world within a game, describe to me what the difference is because I am not aware.
Speaker F: So any player can create a custom island is what they call them. Like, like a game that they've developed inside of the game. Or maybe it's a scavenger hun. Or maybe, maybe it's like a hide and seek game or something like that. So you'll probably have to put in like a code to go to the island. It'll probably featured on like the creator page. But if it's, if it's not more than that, then, yeah, they have like.
Speaker A: A branded, a branded partnership. Like that. Does that typically not even, like, is nobody really playing those things?
Speaker F: It happens all the time. Dragon Ball Z had one recently, I think Star wars, probably.
Speaker A: But do they get play? Like, are people interested?
Speaker F: Like, they incentivize you to play them? They give you like, quests and experience points to go visit them. So, so there is like player incentivization to go do it, but that's, that's their marketing machine. Right.
Speaker A: Got it. Yeah. Nope. I think that's interesting. I, I'm not, I don't know if that makes it any less cool, but I see what you're saying in terms of like, it's not as impactful as, you know, dot swoosh in the main, you know, like just getting matchmakered and entering a ranked game and being able to do whatever.
Speaker F: Yeah. The normal game flow.
Speaker A: Yeah, I got.
Speaker F: But then there's just like Nike stuff in it for some reason. That's, I don't expect that.
Speaker A: Des, you know, you're a host here. You can speak whenever you want.
Speaker E: Well, I am and I'm not, so it's questionable. So anytime the topic's like really off topic, I raise my hand out of respect.
Speaker A: I appreciate that. But you know, you like look, nobody else does, so. Yeah.
Speaker E: Okay. 1st, 1st comment Mackie has ever, has anyone ever told you you sound like Brett Gelman?
Speaker F: Not that it was Ryan Carson for a while. I also get there is a Brett.
Speaker B: Gallman though for sure now that you.
Speaker A: Oh my God, there is.
Speaker F: I'll listen, I'll listen in while I take a beat here.
Speaker A: You know who Brett Gilman is, right? Becky?
Speaker F: I, I do not chamber.
Speaker A: He's the person I'm trying spin off.
Speaker B: I. So stranger things is probably the most current thing he's been in place. Murray.
Speaker F: Oh yeah, the russian man.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker F: Or another, the guy who speaks Russian.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. But he was in some other stuff. He was in fleabag, I think he's, he's really good.
Speaker F: But there was, he's like very Paul Giamatti adjacent physically.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I would say taller and thinner, but in like they look related for sure. But there was a point where I almost pivoted to go for his look. So I have a shaved head.
Speaker A: You kind of, I know.
Speaker B: I want to like grow it out and have kind of like the long balding head, you know, the long hair. Balding, balding head. He pulls it off spectacularly with the.
Speaker A: Magic of AI these days you could probably put together a Mackie voice with a chamber 3d model of your face and put together the perfect doppelganger.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, he definitely has a certain confidence.
Speaker A: Vicky thumbs downing circles. Jump in. So I'm going off topic or slash back to a previous topic to the music that we listen to now being classified as oldies. So here's kind of a thought. It seems like bands musicians are sticking around longer and so they're even releasing music like to current times. So is it still classified as oldies if they've been just kicking out music if they span multiple decades. Yeah, it's a good. Yeah, like, like, oh, I released something in like 1990 or two thousands and that's oldie, but I'm still dropping stuff. So, like, am I both oldies and current or. Yeah, that's, that's just a fun little. Like, because, like, beatles, they had a time and their time was from here to here and then they broke up and yeah, they kept doing stuff, but that. That is like oldies. That is the Beatles. That is a self contained time period versus nowadays, it seems just.
Speaker B: I would argue. I would argue that their early success generates future albums. So, like, I look at somebody like Neil Young who puts out, like, albums, I feel like every two years still. But I mean, realistically, his hits, his best songs at least, you know, popularity wise, were 40 years ago, you know, I mean, maybe more than that now, fucking 50 years ago. Jesus Christ. This is what I'm talking about, getting old. But this is what very few acts or solo artists that, you know, that you're right, they stand the test of time. They're. They continue to put albums. There are very few that actually put out good albums later on, I would say.
Speaker A: Yeah, I would say that. Agree. I mean, look, the Beatles are now putting out their last and final song with the help of AI to recreate John Lennon's voice.
Speaker B: Did you see that? I did see that. I'm a big, big Beatles guy. So, yes, I was.
Speaker G: Before we get too far down the Beatles, George Harrison was the best beatles.
Speaker B: Now I'm out of here with a George.
Speaker G: Ringo.
Speaker B: The fuck Ringo is arguably. I could see that still a still alive, which goes, you know, a long way these days, but a real sweetheart, apparently. Maybe, maybe the nicest Beatle one is.
Speaker G: Giving me so many thumbs down, I'm getting like. I don't even know he's hitting the thumbs down that fast.
Speaker A: He loves Ringo. Big ringo guy over there. One in a million. The. So hold on, we gotta bring some order back to this in the last.
Speaker G: Why?
Speaker A: Because. Because we need to bring some order back. The. I. Vicki doesn't have her hand up, but she came up. So before I go to Anthony and Joe, I wanted to see if Vicki had anything to say. Vicki, if you don't, you could give us a thumbs down. Otherwise jump in.
Speaker H: Of course I got something to say. How long have you got? You know, depending on what subject you want to talk about, we can go for days or hours, depending on what the subject is. Looking around the room, though, it's that. That moment when you realize, oh, fuck. I'm probably the oldest one in this audience. I probably know about not only about every band that's come and gone, but every person that subsequently died in those bands and when they died. But what. What was interesting to me was I was never a Peter Gabriel fan, because I absolutely hated with a vengeance sledgehammer. It was played in a lot of our clubs when we were younger.
Speaker B: That's the worst song in the world. Vicki, you're 100% correct.
Speaker H: But now I will say this is the weirdest thing. Stable diffusion recently did a collaboration with Peter Gabriel, AI artist, to do videos with music, and a song was played with this kind of video that somebody had made on AI. And I went, I really like this, which made me invest. And I'm like, holy shit. It's like he literally released Panopticon. In January of this year, he's released some new music, and I'm actually converted. I've been listening to it, like, pretty much on constant repeat panopticon. There's just. It's a very different vibe. It's very, like, out there. But I'm like, well, who knew that I was gonna.
Speaker A: It is. It's totally different, isn't it? That the song. Yeah, yeah, it's any.
Speaker H: I'd say to anyone, go and listen to these new stuff, because, like, you listen to the lyrics as well, and, yeah, it's very rare. Nowadays, I want to pride myself on the fact that having love music for so many through the decades, that you could say, like, certain songs or people, and if you didn't name that tune, I could probably get it within 3 seconds. That's my hidden strength.
Speaker A: Did so. Did you. Do you think it's that the style. Is the style totally different, or you think your taste has changed?
Speaker H: I think I'm quite open with music. I love all kinds of music. There's not anything that I would go, like, everything from opera to jazz to blues to disco. Like, if I had to be locked away in prison, my only one request would be access to music. I probably wouldn't care about anything else, but music is definitely what makes the world go around and make you feel very happy, make you feel very sad. But I think he's. I don't know, his new stuff. It's just kind of hits different. I don't know if it will ever get the acclaim that he had from some of his other songs.
Speaker B: But, Vicki, I want to back you up here. I want to back you up 100% here. No, no, you're. You're 100%. Right. I started noticing the Peter Gabriel thing when he started collabing with Vampire Weeknd, like, probably like ten years ago now, I'm sure. Feels like two years ago, but I'm sure it was ten, but he.
Speaker A: I'm gonna look.
Speaker B: He headlines a lot of these. Not headlines, but he's one of the main acts on a lot of these new festivals and stuff. So you see him out there with younger bands and more current bands, and he's kind of in the mix with all these, with all these people. Highly agree with you on this one. And he is. He is doing some things, and 2000, 815 years ago, but I noticed that. I know, like, oh, what's. What's he doing? He's doing some things because Bowie was similar to that, too, where he would help out a lot of kind of up and coming bands, and, you know, you'd have, like, a little clip of them on. On their albums and stuff like that. But, yeah, he did it as well.
Speaker H: So I definitely think, as well is that with the AI advent as well, that there will be people reaching out to management teams as well. I can well see us going towards Christmas with, you know, AI. Christmas songs of David Bowie with AI.
Speaker A: Totally. I mean, like, look at the stuff that Grimes is doing, right? She just said, hey, use my voice, register it, but do whatever you want. It's pretty crazy. And, like, the stable diffusion thing with Peter Gabriel is so cool. One, from just, like, the openness of the one, the openness of the artist to, like, engage to, you know, embrace that as an activation. And then two, I thought it was very cool to see stable diffusion kind of, like, sponsor it and be open to doing that kind of stuff with their models, which is pretty cool. So that whole thing, when I saw it, was, I think you actually sent it to me, which was pretty cool. So I would love to see more of that stuff. We got only a couple minutes left. I'm going to close it with Anthony because I know what Anthony's here for, and. But we got. We're going to go to Joe first. Sorry, Anthony. We're going to go Joe first, then we're going to close it down with you.
Speaker D: I appreciate that. I got to push back on Vicki just real quick. If I was locked away in prison, my request would be heterosexual conjugal visits. But that's just me. Um, like, I think I came up because Chambers said Neil diamond sounded old.
Speaker B: Now or Neil Young. Neil Young.
Speaker D: Neil Young.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: But, like, there's certain music that, when it came out, sounded old. Like, almost everything doobie brothers ever put out just sounded old the minute it came out. Not that it's bad. It just sounds old. I know Donald music sounds old because.
Speaker G: It'S like, you going after next.
Speaker D: Steely Dan and I like to Asia forever.
Speaker A: We will.
Speaker D: We will open up a space and spend an hour yelling at each other over the eagles. Or I would definitely co host this baby.
Speaker A: Oh, you're anti.
Speaker B: I don't know. Yeah, he's a hard eagles.
Speaker D: They're terrible.
Speaker G: Okay, but wait, but wait, but wait. We're back on the COVID thing. The gypsy king cover of hotel California is fucking.
Speaker D: That has nothing to do with Emily.
Speaker A: Please send me both of you covers.
Speaker D: Um, but music's, like, a weird thing, right? Because, like, yesterday I was on my run and, um, too short came on.
Speaker A: And I'm your casual 30, 30 miles.
Speaker D: I'm, like, listening to too short blow the whistle, doing the math in my head in the first verse. And I'm like, motherfuckers. Talking about 25 years ago. And then I had to stop and look and I was like, oh, shit, this song's already 13 years old. And he's like, obviously, I know when his albums came out, he's talking about 1985. And I was about to call him on that shit till I realized that song's 13 years old. And that's when I got really old and I started to feel depressed. So my first concert was the Beach Boys. I remember sitting on my dad's shoulders. I saw Prince when I was five years old. All those people feel like they're dead now. And I don't know where to go with that, but I just came up.
Speaker A: To tell, are the Beach Boys dead?
Speaker D: Some of the important ones feel like they're dead. I mean, I don't know how Brian will wilson still alive.
Speaker B: Is he still alive? That's one of those things you could tell me. I'm like, oh, yeah. Like, he died five years ago.
Speaker D: Yeah, you could tell me he died ten years ago and I'd have believed it. But you could also tell me he's, like, still alive and, like, putting out music. And I might still believe that, too. So it's one of those things. But let's go to Anthony. I just wanted to say that there's certain people who already. Neil Young is great, but he sounded old when his music came out. Like, that's just.
Speaker B: He literally singing about all old man. Like, his number one song is, you.
Speaker D: Guys ever watch, like, movies and stuff from the seventies, and you look at those cars and you're just like, the cars looked old when they were new. Like, everything from the.
Speaker A: Everything looked old and sounded old.
Speaker D: So I'm done.
Speaker A: It's crazy. All right, Anthony, this is your time to shine because you missed the opening of the show in which we, you know, chamber. What. What volume did you play?
Speaker B: Payne, do you have it in front of you there?
Speaker C: 1616.
Speaker B: Perfect.
Speaker A: We played big booty mixes, volume 16 to open the show. It's actually what set the entire show off the rails right from the bat, because then we started talking about the Billie Eilish seduce your dad line, and that turned into chamberlaking hot moms, and then that turned into Emily coming up and roasting me for 30 minutes to represent hot moms. All right, she came up to represent hot moms, then bash on me for being colorblind and my entire wardrobe and being colorblind.
Speaker G: I bashed on you for not adventuring into the world of color.
Speaker A: Yeah, all of those things. And this is how we got here. So, Anthony GM, this is all your fault. All right, so. So first I want to say I missed. I missed. I'm very upset. I missed the beginning.
Speaker F: I had a.
Speaker A: To take care of some. Some stuff. So at first, my first thing is what chamber? What was your gut reaction?
Speaker B: It felt like. Just tick tock for music. Like, you just.
Speaker A: It felt like. It felt like I was awake for the first time. Amazing. So I'm listening to this conversation since I jumped on. And as a younger millennial, I really feel like I'm in a room full of a bunch of really, people are about to walk into a nursing home soon.
Speaker B: The way you got, it'll happen to you too, man.
Speaker A: We're talking about, like, bands like these people are. I'll be 30 this year, so I'm 29.
Speaker B: It's all downhill.
Speaker G: You're a middle aged millennial, my friend. You are not a younger millennial.
Speaker A: Younger, especially compared to me. They're going Gen Z. So anyway, so as somebody with a great taste in music, this is why big booty mix is out, right? We can never. We can never understand what music we want to listen to. One day, I want to listen to country. The next day, I want to listen to what you guys are calling what? Old punk. Classic punk. I don't even know what classic punk. This is all.
Speaker F: It's music.
Speaker A: It's. So we put them all in a track, we listen to each song for 3 seconds. We put them all together, and we just have a really good time. Look, I was skeptical to be. I would skeptical at the very best. On Wednesday, when we talked about big booty mixes, I'm man enough to admit when I'm wrong, and I was wrong about the big booty mix. And I think, like I said, I feel awake for the first time. And I'm looking forward to closing this down. Going to get my prune smoothie and settle into an adult diaper for the evening and just really rock out to some big booty mixes chamber. And des, any final words here before we head out? Real quick? Just real quick before you go do 17. You guys went with 16. You should have went with 1717. Oh, wow. We did not have this. Alpha, you didn't give us this. You didn't let me. You guys didn't ask. I don't know what to. How many are there?
Speaker B: 23, 24.
Speaker A: One just came out, so I don't know if was 23, 24, 25 somewhere around there. Um. Anthony, I don't know if you're going to even get this reference because you are a child. Millennial.
Speaker D: The.
Speaker A: I compared these to, like, now. That's what I call music. Do you remember? I do, I do. So they're actually. I just know. So this is a long backstory that I'm not going to give, but somebody that in my wife's family is obsessed with now cds still to this day, and they're like over a hundred. But, like, I remember. I actually do remember, like, when that stuff started coming out now, I had so many of them. I think I had until, like, 16. Like, you would have guessed that they cut that shit out and they stopped making them. No, they are still going strong. Yeah, no, they're definitely, like, the thing we've been talking about the whole day, about musicians going on way too long. I remember used to be able to, like, order them from magazines and stuff. Like, the publishers are not Columbia House. Maxwell House. Yeah, Columbia House. The other one that would shock you with kids box. Kids still going. I mean, that one doesn't shock me because you could turn all these big booty mix songs into bangers. You know, it just changed a couple of the words and, you know you're good to go.
Speaker H: I would just like to add, that's how you know you're old when you can say you bought the albumen. Now that's what I call music number one because boy George was on there. Karma Chameleon. But that's maybe that's.
Speaker A: Oh, my God. Was. Was that on now?
Speaker B: One first one was like 98.
Speaker A: I don't know. We're gonna have to look that up. Fact check it for next time, Des. What will you be listening to going into the weekend?
Speaker E: Oh, happy Father's Day weekend to all the fathers out there.
Speaker A: Oh, look at that. I kind of feel like. No, I get.
Speaker E: I somehow get patriotic a little bit as we get towards 4 July. I'm gonna. I'm gonna get into my CCR phase for the next couple.
Speaker B: Nothing like the songs of war to get everybody excited. July 4. Very on brand chamber.
Speaker A: What will you be listening to after this?
Speaker B: It's a good question. Not Elliot Smith, because I'm depressed after talking for this time. I don't know. I might. Might listen to big booty mix 17.
Speaker A: I think by Monday or Tuesday. I hope you've listened to at least five or so.
Speaker B: They're definitely going to be playing this weekend. Oh, quick question before we go. I know we're running late here. Tomorrow I'm going to look at a house, a new house. Okay. Gray house is. It's on the water. Looks. Looks good. The only downside is it's literally shares ground with an old cemetery.
Speaker A: No, wait, you're going there tomorrow.
Speaker B: I'll send pictures.
Speaker A: Dude, what the fuck? This should have been the whole topic of today's show.
Speaker B: Big booty mix.
Speaker A: This should have been the topic of today's show. Well, okay. Well, by tomorrow, you will have toured it, and we can go into this conversation if I'm gonna assume you're gonna like the house. The house looks really nice.
Speaker B: The only thing I'm worried about, this.
Speaker A: Is the topic of Monday show, no doubt. Because I don't want to get this.
Speaker B: Fucking haunted for sure. Like, there's. It's literally, like, right on the same grounds.
Speaker A: Yeah. I feel like the audience will have a lot of say here on you buying a potentially haunted house or, you know, just having a place to bury all the dead bodies.
Speaker B: That was a pro in Amber's, you know, in our discussion. She's like, oh, we could just be buried.
Speaker A: Oh, when she kills you in your sleep, she'll have a place to. Yeah, there you go. That's going to be the topic for Monday's show. Calling it now. So if you want to hear about chambers haunted house, tune in on Monday. If you want to hear more booty mix, tune in on Monday. If none of that sounds good for you, I don't. I don't know what to tell you. It's the wrong. Yeah, this is what we are. We've devolved. But that's going to do it for us. Happy father's day to all the fathers. Thanks for reminding me, Des. I'll have to make sure I get myself a gift. And until next time, stay mint.
Speaker C: Let's send you all into the weekend with the smooth sounds of booty mix volume 17.
Speaker A: When I was a young born my.
Speaker C: Father.
Speaker A: To the city to see a march down? He said, son, when you grow up, would you be the savior of the broken, the beaten, and the dream? Did a full 180. Crazy thinking about the way I was? Did the heartbreak change me, baby? But look at where I? And I don't want the world to see me cause I don't think they understand when everything's meant to be broken I just want you know I am. Don't show up, don't come out. Don't stop caring about me now, walk away, you know how? Don't stop sharing about me now.
