Speaker A: Gonna be dad of the year. I know it.
Speaker B: I might fall asleep on camera today.
Speaker A: It's all right. You'll look pretty still. Don't worry. All right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay, let's start the show.
Speaker C: This episode is brought to you by the Degen Community Network Media for the decentralized generation. If you want to connect or to check out more great NFT and crypto content, go to dgen.net work. That's dgen.net work.
Speaker B: Hello, and welcome to the mint Condition episode. Somewhere in the forties, maybe high thirties.
Speaker A: I think it might be 40.
Speaker B: It's 40.
Speaker A: I think it's episode 40. Yeah.
Speaker B: Can you believe we've done this 40 times and still nobody listens? Crazy. Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah, I can believe that.
Speaker A: Pretty embarrassing.
Speaker B: We are episode 40. What a day.
Speaker A: We rank hot. We rank high, though. Nobody listens, but we rank extremely high.
Speaker B: We're very popular in Slovakia. We're the number one tech and crypto podcast.
Speaker C: I thought in Denmark we were popping too.
Speaker B: Super popular in Denmark. The Danes love us. The Slovaks love us. The Canadians are into us a little bit. The us, you know, they can give or take.
Speaker A: They're a give or take kind of people.
Speaker B: Yeah, we sure are. Anyway, what is going on? Welcome to the show. Lots to talk about today. Chamber, how are you doing, buddy?
Speaker A: Buddy. I don't know about you, but I've had to, like, I've gotten, like, two days where I had to go out and get the snow off the driveway, and I am not loving it before December 1.
Speaker B: Hold on. Christian Jensen, representing from Denmark.
Speaker A: You know, that's CJet. That's CJ there.
Speaker B: Oh, nice. Hell, yes. That's awesome. Well, welcome in.
Speaker A: Love the Danes. We love them.
Speaker B: So you're shoveling snow already?
Speaker A: Already. Twice.
Speaker B: Wow. It snowed here yesterday, but not like a, you know, not like a accumulation snow.
Speaker A: I think we got, like, six inches on Sunday, and then on Tuesday, I got, like, eight inches.
Speaker B: It's crazy how.
Speaker A: I mean, you know, eight inches. You know, that's what, right?
Speaker B: Like a canadian eight.
Speaker A: That's right. Canadian.
Speaker B: Oh, dude. Wait, do we not have. How did we not set up for the cameo?
Speaker A: Oh, I just thought we're gonna do that on the other show.
Speaker B: All right, we'll do that on. We'll do that on rec than on Friday. We are. We're also huge in. We're also huge in London. Our boy. 05:00 a.m. he's in it for the soul.
Speaker A: Yes. I've been. I've been getting ready to, like, hunker down for the winter. Now that I've, you know, it's. I feel like it's here. So I've been trying to watch, like, I'm trying to find good shows. Found. I found a pretty good one. I probably recommend it, you know, coming this time of year. You know, nights get come a little bit earlier, but in Canada, it's on Disney. I'm assuming. It's probably on Disney everywhere else. It is dope.
Speaker B: Sick, dude. I just finished episode two. It's just gets better. It's on Hulu. It's on Hulu. Here. Wait, is it only three episodes?
Speaker A: Uh, no, I think there's eight episodes, but they drop, like, every Wednesday or something like that.
Speaker B: Oh, okay. Because I. Yeah, I think the new ones tonight, maybe there's only three available to me at the moment. Have you not a huge.
Speaker C: I'm not a huge fan of the, the binge, non binge culture that we're migrating to. I kind of got into streaming for the binge. I kind of miss it.
Speaker B: Yeah. I like being able to say, all right, I've got eight episodes here. I'm going to rip through these in a night. That's kind of how I am with the Eth in my wallet, too. I'm like, oh, cool, I've got five eth. Well, what can I spend $50,000 on? Oh, that's not what five ETH equates to let me leverage some of my nfts with NFT fi, and then I'll spend $50,000 worth of each. But, yeah, I've been, I've just finished episode two last night, so I couldn't agree more. Very good show. Recommend it. We're doing recommendations here.
Speaker A: I got another one, too. I got another quick one. I've only seen the first episode. I think it's on Showtime. It's called. I think there's only, like, a couple episodes that have come out. It's called Yellowjackets. Have you seen, like, any.
Speaker C: I've seen, yeah.
Speaker A: What. It's the premise.
Speaker B: What is, what is this? What is this on?
Speaker A: So I think it's showtime. So in Canada, it's a different channel.
Speaker C: But HBO Max technically gets.
Speaker A: Oh, is that. Yeah. What it is?
Speaker B: Oh, I do HBO Max. All right.
Speaker A: The premise is it's the nineties. An elite group of high school soccer players are flying to nationals. They get something happens. The plane crashes in the Rockies, and nobody knows where they are. And apparently they've survived 19 months. So it goes back and forth from, like, present day to the nineties. So there's characters for both the young version and the adult version, and all you know is shit went down in the. In the. Oh, it's edits nuts. And there's a lot of secrets, and you're trying to figure out what all those secrets are, but it is like.
Speaker C: Lost went down or like Donner party went down.
Speaker A: Like, like, I would say a conquest. Like, both. Like, like, remember the movie? It came out of the nineties. I forget what it was called. It was about the soccer, I guess it was like a soccer team. Like, that went down in Argentina. It was like, based on a true story. Alive, I think it was called the big green. No, bend it like Beckham. That's what it was.
Speaker B: That's what it was.
Speaker A: Anyways, my recommendations.
Speaker B: 05:00 a.m. is watching the norsemen. The very 05:00 a.m. choice, if I do say so myself. Um, the, uh. So are we gonna talk about nfts at all? We're just gonna probably.
Speaker A: I don't really want to show. I named. I. I titled this episode, uh, Big L's from last week because I feel we all took a. Actually, maybe not all of us, but I definitely took some big L's.
Speaker B: I took one large l, and it's. It's TBD. You know, it could revive, but right now I have counted it as an l. So before we get to Big L's, this should have been a whole segment. We'll do a segment called Big L's from last week. I like that. Before we get to our big L's from last week, how are you feeling in general about the market chamber?
Speaker A: Just based on. It's funny, actually. It's funny. This actually kind of goes all together. I had a text, so for my. For my job, we have a group text for, like, the group of us that kind of do this, that have the same role. It's kind of like a. Like an off the books kind of chat. And, you know, we're talking, and then somebody posted, are any you guys into nfts? And I went, oh, I guess it's happening now. And, yeah, I had a colleague of mine.
Speaker B: Wait, so your work, your co workers said this.
Speaker A: Yeah. In its. In a group. In a group chat. And I dm'd him. We started talking. He want. He. He had mentioned he was looking to maybe pick one up. He's never. He never had one. So I. I started talking to him. He mentioned something about the sandbox, had some, like some sort of drop where you could pick up like accessories or something like that, like an accessory drop. And I said, well, you know, I told them that, you know, we chatted.
Speaker B: Welcome to chamber estate.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. I don't know if you know this or not, but kind of a big deal on sandbox.
Speaker B: I've got my face on a three by three.
Speaker A: But I said, you know, I said, you're. I kind of gave them the pros and cons. Obviously, sandbox is established, you're probably not going to get rugged, you know, that kind of thing. But I said, where the real fun is, is minting. Like, you want to mint something that's brand new. And he's like, do you have anything in mind? And I said, well, I'm doing one at the end of the day today called MFers. And he's like, all right, let's do it. He's like, how much am I going to need? So I explained to him what I said. It might be a gas war, so we're going to probably need a little bit extra than you're planning to spend. So we got them all set up. He was actually. We're texting back and forth all day. I got back home after work, get set up for the. Get set for the drop.
Speaker B: Never had a chance.
Speaker A: We both Ngmide and yeah, we both had failed transactions. So, yeah, it's unfortunate.
Speaker B: Welcome to ethereum. Chambers co worker.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. But I did gift him. We picked some up on the secondary, which I think worked out pretty well. At least we didn't lose any at this point. But I did gift him. I did. I had to do a test transaction with him, so I sent him a goat. So he's officially. Yeah, of course. Yeah.
Speaker C: I wish I had a statistic like that is honestly one of the statistics I wish I had, which is like, how many people first or how many people that are in our community was their first NFT. Because I feel like it's actually a decent amount, which is we had a.
Speaker B: Similar thing with red zone. A lot of red zone holders.
Speaker A: Really.
Speaker C: Don't try to steal my thunder like that.
Speaker B: No, seriously, though, it was really cool. I know, it was really cool. Like, it's a. It's a. Oh, yeah, totally.
Speaker A: Same thing does.
Speaker B: Come on. All right, whatever.
Speaker A: But, yeah, so he's. He's a proud gold owner and he's excited. So we ended up buying. He was finding, you know how it gets tricky, especially when the floor is being bought up real quick. How on open seats, you know, sometimes it's there and then you go to buy it and it's gone, you know, so I bought. I ended up buying, I don't know, like a half a dozen or so. I told them what my average price was. I said, go on my, you know, go on my open sea. Whatever one you want, just pick that one. I'll send it over to you. That's not an empty hat. I think it's just a regular, regular hat. I'm not cool enough for the NFT hats, and they don't come in my size. Massive head size is not a size.
Speaker B: That I get from check out chambers NFT project melons. 10,000 generative large heads.
Speaker A: There's on my. I don't know if it's on tick tock, but occasionally I get a little ad for big head hats and like, it's like, hats for big heads. And they marketed it that way. I'm like, that's not what I want. I don't want a hat that calls up the size of my head.
Speaker C: Saving lives.
Speaker B: Goats, goats. Goats out here saving lives. There you go. And you got goats out here saving lives. Des, you can't custom fit chamber of hat or what we got.
Speaker C: We got official material in the world.
Speaker B: We got all this alpha packed in there. Yeah.
Speaker C: We did launch our merch site, though.
Speaker B: I was just going to say, don't you have official merch?
Speaker C: We do have our official merch now. Um, pretty, pretty, pretty stoked about it.
Speaker B: Uh, so how do people find your official goats merch? So this is unofficial? This is bootleg.
Speaker C: Bootleg's pretty sick, though.
Speaker B: Yeah. This is a one of a kind, uh, maybe ten of a kind ish.
Speaker A: Nice. Looks rare.
Speaker B: From, uh, NYC punter chamber. You got a little echo going.
Speaker A: Oh, do I?
Speaker B: Yeah. Are we going to make it? I don't know. There he goes. Bye. Oh, I'm not. I'm not used to being over in this. In this corner of the world. All right, so, des, let's get into some actual market talk here. What do, what are your feelings this week? I feel like we've, you know, chambers calling it Big L's from last week, but I think the overall market has been pop it. What are your thoughts?
Speaker C: It's weird. It's a good mix. Like this. This week has been. I mean, not everything's green. A lot is green, a lot is red. So it's a little bit of both. But overall, I'm pretty stoked on it. Not to mention ETh is just pumping, which I know can sometimes slow down the market. The NFT market, a little bit ironically, but overall, that's a great signal, right? Man, if we can close this feeling.
Speaker B: When it's a great feeling, when ETH is ripping and NFTs are going up, it's just like, holy crap, this is amazing.
Speaker C: It's the perfect storm.
Speaker B: Yeah, it is. So what are you thinking? You were saying, what do you think for the end of this year going into next?
Speaker C: I mean, I think we close, you know, not financial advice, but I think we close above 5000 ETH. And I think that's a big, big metric to hit.
Speaker B: So, chamber, you had some ETH calls the other day, I believe.
Speaker A: Absolutely.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: We still echo you, by the way.
Speaker B: No, you, you're good now.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. What do you think? We're headed?
Speaker A: Seven k. We're going to seven k. Like you, it's programmed. It's 100% happening along with bitcoin. I still feel $100,000 bitcoin.
Speaker B: You're pretty off on your bitcoin prediction.
Speaker A: At the moment, but I don't. I, you know, I know I have to explain to other people, but you should know this by now. How long does it take?
Speaker B: It takes like three days.
Speaker A: Three days?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So as long as it's not, you know, December 28, we're still, we still have a lot of time.
Speaker B: You still got home. So with that being said, chambers, since you're our resident, I would say bear, typically, how are you playing seven k programmed eth in relation to your nft holdings?
Speaker A: I'm pretty liquid at this point. Uh, move. I got a lot, uh, you know, I got some etherium. I put, I took some off the table. Uh, you know, got into, uh, had to pay some end of the season, uh, you know, taxes or at least bury some. So the.
Speaker B: You're typically, uh, sir, anti tax. You're an anti taxer?
Speaker A: Well, I'm an anti taxer when we were dealing with the amounts we were dealing with before. I see, I see inconsequential, you know, a few hundred bucks here and there. But, you know, I don't need the tax man coming from. I don't need to get wrecked, like, have this all go to zero and then the tax man come for me and be, you know, double wrecked. Right? So that's, that's not what I need in my life. So I gotta, I gotta pad my, uh, you know, my coffers a little bit.
Speaker B: Des, what are your thing, what are your thoughts here as we see, you know, chambers saying, oh, we might see 5000, 7000 eth. What, you know, I feel like this week, we've seen a lot of projects still move with that. Uh, do you think, what, you know, what's your, what's your play here? Are you actually hedging in any way or.
Speaker C: I mean, I get what he's doing. I would say just as equal of an alpha play is just put it in blue chips, right? Just instead of just getting fully liquid, you know, have some in blue chips as well, if that's your strategy. I'm currently still, now I'm starting to think about taking little stabs here and there because I do think there is some, some nice money to be made on some, you know, probably newly minted projects this, these coming weeks. But yeah, I, you know, I think it's a good mix. I don't blame him. I think eth is going to keep continuing to rip, I think.
Speaker A: What are we, what are we talking about here? That's what kind of projects you got in your back pocket?
Speaker B: I was going to say what's the alpha here we got? What are you looking at in the next by, from here to the end of the year? Do you have a specific or a couple specific things that are on your radar?
Speaker C: Not so much, no. But I just overall get a general sense that some, maybe some bigger players, some bigger brands will start to release stuff during the holidays. And if you're early, if God forsake they for, you know, they actually do a whitelist. Like if Adidas does a frickin whitelist and you get on that, it's instant money. So there's things like that where I'm going to be keeping a close eye on is all these brands that are now jumping in, they have a holiday release or anything like that. You gotta be a part of it.
Speaker A: Now, is that a quick, is that a quick flip in your opinion, or.
Speaker C: You do whatever you want? I just randomly bought a Budweiser can because I actually think that's pretty cool and it's pretty limited. They didn't totally money grab it, except, wait, hold up. They did totally money grab it, by the way they distributed it. Cause that was just ridiculous. Using like a Shopify page to mint.
Speaker B: Well, is that what it was? The funniest part was that they charged a gas fee. And fiat, I thought that was the best thing. Yeah, that was fantastic.
Speaker C: Regardless, I think, I think it's pretty cool, the, the product. So I bought a Budweiser can, but.
Speaker B: Um, so it's pretty, it's pretty limited. Only, what, 18, 1900 of them total?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think it was like their founding year or whatever they did.
Speaker B: Yeah. And so that's interesting. There's been, like, speculation that it'll have some utility in, like, what they call, like the bud.
Speaker C: Free beer for life.
Speaker B: Yeah, free beer for life would be amazing if. Free. If it's free beer for life, I'm buying ten. Yeah, I'll be sweeping the floor for those. So, yeah, that's interesting. I think brands are definitely going to be coming. We saw Macy's do it on Thanksgiving as kind of a test there and then, or the Thanksgiving Day parade thing and then Budweiser this week. So I would say keep an eye out for, for brand projects. You're going to start seeing more and more. Now, that being said, des, what would be a. Because I think this is going to be an interesting thing where we're seeing, we're going to see a lot of brands come in. What is, what is a play for you from a brand perspective versus a. Oh, no, no. That's a red flag. I'm staying away from that.
Speaker C: That's a great question.
Speaker B: Oh, that's right. To be honest, the Reebok dropped the shoes this morning. Did you see that?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: There was only 300.
Speaker C: That's tough. That's tough. But again, that's instant money in my opinion. Right. If you're one of those 300, that's instant money. If they don't put up nft barking.
Speaker B: It'S either Rugwiser or Fudweiser.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's good.
Speaker B: All right, so, yeah, go back to that question because I'd be interested.
Speaker C: It's a great question. It is funny because, like, I gave so much heat to Adam bomb squad when they did 25,000 and look how that turned out. Like, it turned out just fine. But I would say in general, like, over minting, like, if Nike comes or Adidas comes with like a 30, 30, 40,000, it actually probably, given what happened, bomb squad, it probably won't throw me anymore. It used to that high of a mint, but when you have that big of a brand, I guess it's, you know, it's doable. Let's see. There's not really much they can throw me. Like, it depends. Like, there's some fringe brands that I think I'd have to take a second look at, but I'm pretty sure anything Adidas, I'm buying. Yeah. So we'll see. We'll see.
Speaker B: Interesting. Yeah. So let's just look here at the market. We'll get into some news, we'll play a couple games and then we'll get the heck out of here. So total market. Obviously, we've seen a spike in the last, you know, month. We, you know, since NFT NYC unique traders is pretty much doubled. So on this November 8, we had, or, sorry, November 9, we had 15,006, or, sorry, 15,000.
Speaker C: I believe that was the exact date of chamber bear call. So perfect.
Speaker B: I think it was. And look at what we've gotten since then. We've got over 30, 35,000 raiders yesterday.
Speaker A: Call the electron.
Speaker B: Yes, that number.
Speaker A: I thought we were ganging up a bunch today.
Speaker B: Come on. Yeah. When was it? When did I miss that memo? Unique buyers up, way up versus sellers this past week. So that's, that's always a really good sign. And then Opensea transaction counts definitely up. We saw a bunch yesterday, which. 51,366 transactions. Interesting. And we saw a huge, huge volume the last couple of days, 122 million on the 29th, about 100 million yesterday, and 83 million, or almost 84 million already today, which is crazy. We've seen a ton of massive volume releases in the past couple days. We could take a look at that really quickly as well. Uh, probably the biggest and maybe most controversial would be Clonex. Uh, des, you want to talk about what Clonex did?
Speaker C: Sure. Yeah. Um, so as anyone who's watched the show, I'm super bullish on Clonex. Um, I love the, the brand that artifact brings behind it. And then I think the. Just the quality of the avatar is something special. They, you know, they were not victim because I agree it's, it's their responsibility, but they fell victim to a thing that a lot of most big projects suffer, which is just a horrible launch. Right. And so they were going to do a dutch auction for the remaining non pre sale, which I think they're doing. The 20,000 men, their presale, I think, got up to close to 1100. So there's like 909,000 left for public sale. Dutch auction starting at three eth, down to one eth, obviously, very premium price. It. Their site just kept going down. You know, you load it and kept going down. And the way the dutch auction works, they got all the way down to, like, 2.5. And then mysteriously, when I will say not to defend them, mysteriously, all of a sudden they're like, you know what, guys? The problems are too much. We're going to call it quits for today. So they paused mint. And so we're gonna open it back up tomorrow, which seemed a little sus. Because they, they could have done this when it was at three or 2.9 right when they were probably receiving the most attacks and whatever, but they chose to stop it at 2.5 for whatever reason. A lot of fud. Most fud I've ever seen in my entire life. Like you went in their chat, it was almost comical. It was pretty entertaining if I weren't such a big bag holder. And it was. It was pretty funny. So, so much fun. They actually did a very bold move, which I would have highly recommended against. But they shut down their discord.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. And they blamed it on the fact that their mods needed sleep as they were about to take $120 million out of the market. Sorry, our mods need to rest at, like, you know, 738 o'clock at night. And it was pretty weak, but. So, yeah. And then they came back the next day.
Speaker C: Then they came back the next day and they had changed the rules completely. They said, screw the. Screw the dutch auction. We're just gonna list. We're gonna drop it all the way down to two eth and that's it. You buy a two eth and, you know, people flipped. People lost their mind. What they did to mitigate that, which I'm kind of appreciative of, is they are giving out 1000 Clonexs randomly to the 1100 people, or. No, I think it was actually 1500 people at the time who had bought up to that point before the two eth price. And so we'll see how that pans out. But it was just like one of those things where, you know, poor planning led to poor execution, which led to just absolutely scrambling and then the cherry on top for me. And, like, I've messed. Like, that's the thing is, I've messaged Benoit on Twitter and he's, like, super responsive. And, like, he's just. Yeah, I don't know. Like, they're pretty good culture, but all of a sudden they start going off the rails once you make $90 million. And, like, their big, like, co founder Clegg was on Twitter being like, sold out, mother.
Speaker A: What you find out?
Speaker C: And everyone was like, oh, Ben, wa. Come get your boy. Like, like, what are you doing? Like, you just had one of the most controversial drops in history and you're bragging about it. It wasn't a good look. I'll say it wasn't a good look.
Speaker B: So the thing with these is, like, I think part of the reason that this was kind of a disaster, whether you believe the fact that they were getting attacked or not, or that they just weren't selling at the prices that they thought they were, because a lot of people thought, oh, this is just going to get snatched right at three and it's going to be gone right away. And what ended up happening, I think was, or a pretty big detriment I think, to the whole process, is they did their pre sale first, right? So everybody who was able to get a pre sale had theirs. And if their intention was to flip it, they were, they were in at such a low price on this pre sale that they had no problem coming down and undercutting the dutch auction. So what you were actually seeing was essentially competing dutch auctions. You had the, you had the actual official dutch auction and then you had pre seller buyers who had, were undercutting the actual dutch auction to make sales. So you saw this kind of rush to the bottom. Why would people mint, if, you know, from the site, if, you know, my.
Speaker C: Favorite mitigation that they thought of, which again is just so unprofessional in my opinion, is that they decided to up the royalty fee on opensea so no one would be trading.
Speaker B: Yes, it was, it was twelve and a half percent. So like you couldn't even buy to flip at that point. And it was, yeah, it was, it was wild. So however, that being said, I still bought. And yeah, I mean, my thing was like, okay, I was going to prize try to step in at like two and a half if it got there. So the fact that they were giving it to me at two, I felt fine with that, even though it was highly flooded from there on out. But like that's gonna fade away pretty quickly when it comes to the long term, you know, outlook of this project.
Speaker C: And was it pretty, I mean, for me, I paid almost like no gas. Like that was.
Speaker B: Yeah, because it was 1155, right?
Speaker C: Yeah, I paid almost no gas. And you got, you know, if for, you know, now to just right above two and look, the floor price. Now if you were a quick flipper, I mean, you could have made some easy money there. The craziest thing is the distribution because they maxed it at three per wallet. That should be kind of interesting to see where that plays out.
Speaker B: Yeah. So you can see here you got 7007.6 on OpenSea with 6.4k owners and a steady price here. One just sold for 2.7 and you got some 2.69 nines here. Pretty steady action, you know, five minutes ago, twelve minutes ago, 32, 33, 34. So you got, you got some pretty steady action chamber. Did you get in on this?
Speaker A: No, man, I was too busy buying up the, trying to get in on the. On the mfers. I saw. I saw a lot of fud in the. In the war room, you know, kind of. Kind of shied away from it. And honestly, you know, it's a bit. And plus, with the. With the losses from last week, I was super gun shy, you know, I think I dropped, I don't know, just in a text from you, I think I spent.
Speaker B: Oh, boy.
Speaker A: You know, a minivan worth of money.
Speaker B: Hi. Yes, here's one. Kia Sorrento worth of dollars.
Speaker A: Yeah. So there's. There was just too many l's. Uh, yeah. The only thing I was. And, you know, during. During. During the. During the weekend, you know, there wasn't much going on as far as minting because what day would. Did this mint? Monday or Tuesday?
Speaker B: Uh, this was yesterday.
Speaker C: It was Monday and then Tuesday.
Speaker B: Yeah. So it was supposed to be Monday. And then they paused it and finished.
Speaker A: Yeah. So I was still licking my wounds on Monday. Little gun shies. I saw. I just saw good buzz on the. On the mfers, and that's kind of where I wanted to focus in on. And then, yeah, I saw a lot of, you know, saw little fud on the other one. Saw a lot of fun on this one. So I kind of tried to weigh myself.
Speaker B: So mfers.
Speaker A: Probably got some bears to sell, though, if anybody wants.
Speaker B: All right, so let's talk about that.
Speaker C: Is Wolfgang four up to 0.8?
Speaker B: Yeah, it is. And it's touching. You know, it's. It's touched nines. I think today we're supposed to get this announcement about the use cases for wool. So you might know. I think it'll probably be pretty good. No, I think it will. Every time he. I mean, yesterday we got an announcement, and it pumped. It pumped pretty good. It's just that you're gonna. The floor. Breaking that floor above one is going to be a challenge. Once you do that, you're. You're kind of. I think you'll see it maybe popping over one on the way into these wool pouches. Right, but so, yeah, just in the last 24 hours, we've got wizards and dragons that literally launched last night and into today, and they've done 3500 eth involved.
Speaker C: We have one of our favorite battles, pranks. You verse Beanie.
Speaker B: Like, that's what I tweeted that this morning. I tweeted, I tweeted. Pranksy is very much invested in wizards and dragons and Beanie obviously, leading the charge on wolf game. So it'll be interesting to see who prevails there. Now, Des, did you mint any wizards and dragons?
Speaker C: No. I did see it popping off a little bit last night and I thought about it, but I'm just, I'm putting a pause on all the, you know, wolfgang copies and I'm just going to stick with Wolfgang for a little while and so we'll see how it goes.
Speaker B: So I went, I went pretty deep into wizards.
Speaker C: Do we need to get bunch you help?
Speaker A: Yes, he does. He's a gameaholic.
Speaker B: He's an, this is a cry for help. Take my wallet away.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: Went pretty deep into wizards of dragons. Bought myself four dragons and a good amount of wizards. And, you know, these guys were touting that they had fixed this exploit, blah, blah, blah. And, you know, woke up this morning, saw these massive buy volume and I'm like, okay, this is the one that's gonna get it right. They have really cool mechanics that, you know, for burning and burning the token and things like that, that wolf game doesn't have. So I was like, okay, this is going to be pretty interesting. Literally within ten minutes of sellout there, the exploit returned and everybody's frozen now. So.
Speaker A: We got to make t shirts that says we fix the exploit. It was what, it was like five, five games last week. Claim that they fixed it.
Speaker B: And, and I fucking bought all of them.
Speaker A: I only bought two of them. But yeah, I went hard. I went, yeah, I would say hard in both of them. And yeah, I had fomo from, you know, you guys last episode. We were talking about all that money, guys, all that wolf you guys were worth. And yeah, I got excited. I got into. Which one did I get into? Lions and zebras, man. There go gang. Gang. I don't know, like, if it's a rug, it's the nicest way to rug I've ever seen.
Speaker B: I feel the same way about bear game.
Speaker A: Right? Like they're just so nice, like the discord, you know, they're just, you know, hey, we're trying, like, everything. Like they were, they hired a bunch of mods like 10 hours before they pulled the Ethereum and they basically said, we're giving up on the game because of these exploits are, you know, unfixable. So we're just going to start a new game with the ETH and you'll be able to trade in your, your nfts. Yeah, biggest. I was a community member for a couple of days for sure, I think.
Speaker B: Did you just dump it for whatever you could or what?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: Folder.
Speaker A: It's just there. It's just I have zebras and lions. Yeah, but, yeah, no, they said they're gonna create a new game and you'll be able to trade in your nfts, you know, basically just swap them straight up for whatever the new thing is. But, man, oh, man, I tell you, I'm nothing.
Speaker B: All right, so. So here's what happens here, right? We got, we got wolf game pops off and then, you know, I've sent des many texts in the past week regarding my mental health and wolf game. I think I'm surprised I'm not committed because no joke, wolf game has destroyed my, my mental health in the last ten days. I went from paper millionaire to literally.
Speaker A: You were a millionaire on paper at one point, correct? Is that what we're saying?
Speaker B: Through. Through wolf game? Yes. If you were. If you at the 70th mark. Yes, you were. I was. I was a millionaire, yes. And went all the way down. The current floor is. The current floor is 0.8 now on sheep. Still a massive win if I sold everything right now, but I'm still bag holding it and I don't really know what to do. I'm. I'm struggling both mentally and physically to. With this bag. Des keeps telling me to hold and everybody else that I know is telling me to sell and, you know, I just don't know where to be. But Des, the broader picture here is, I think, are we not ready for these on chain open mint type games? Because that's, you know, blockchain is meant to be open and I think it's harder to hide these results than people think it is. And you almost have to be really, really creative to do it. Are we not ready for this stuff?
Speaker C: We might. We might not be. I don't know. It's. It's, it's. It's a work in progress revolution. But I, you know. Yeah. For those listening, NfT bark just said they did release a use case for wool. It's how to make bunch. You go broke and insane and insane.
Speaker A: More insane.
Speaker B: Yeah. So, yeah. Are we not. Are we not. Are we not ready for this stuff?
Speaker C: I think it is such a positive place to take this space, but we just got to do it right. So I don't know, maybe we're not, but we should be because I think like a full working wolf game, I think actually is just an amazing concept and if we can execute on it, it's incredible. And I think that would be the future of like, slowly evolution of gaming. But seems like we're not ready and we're definitely not ready for all these copycats come in and gobble up everyone's money and, and stuff like that. I don't want that to happen.
Speaker A: So, so much money taken off the table last week.
Speaker C: It's rough.
Speaker A: It was tough one.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think.
Speaker A: Yeah. So, yeah, I don't know. I'm, I'm with Des. I'm off the games for now at least. The copies no more. You know, I'm not getting into Wolf game either. I'll let you know the people that got in early. Good for you guys. I hope you guys make it.
Speaker B: Now, if you want to get in a wolf game, it's, you gotta wait, wait like four to six weeks and that'll be your time. Or maybe even three weeks. That'll be your time to get into Wolf game if you're interested to get in wolf game. But yeah, so I mean, the volume, you can't deny the volume though. Like wizards and dragons since 08:00 p.m. yesterday. Actually. Really? Like 09:00 p.m. yesterday. They've done 3500. Ethan volume. Just absolutely nuts. And then, you know, wolf game is still on here for seven day volume. They've done even bear game is on here for seven day volume. Chamber bear game.
Speaker A: Volume.
Speaker B: Yeah. 2525 hundred Ethan volume. Fox game, 1900 ETH in volume.
Speaker A: Where lions and zebras.
Speaker B: Feudals 1300 in volume. Whales game 1300 in volume. It's, it, it's insane. So you just mentioned, you know, gold hunt, almost a thousand. This is one of the ones that actually worked, which I can't believe nobody's talking about that this one actually worked. I don't think there was an exploit or maybe it's just because it wasn't as popular and nobody's exploiting it. That's probably totally could be. So that actually is probably the case. Right? It's funny. Games like Ether orcs and anonymize and things like that were around prior, but this wave of popularity wasn't huge yet. So you wonder if like, oh, these had the same exploits but nobody was paying attention to them. You know what I mean? So, yeah, I don't know. But like you said, the massive volume on these games is just nuts. And it's, I guess it's people chasing or chasing wolf game or just that they found it so fascinating. I don't know, but it's crazy. JP Cass says they're not even games. Let's be real. What are your thoughts on that?
Speaker C: Not yet true? I would have to agree with JP there. They're not games. They're, they're setting up the rules for. For could be games. Like, I'm actually excited if, you know, and that's why I'm just gonna just hold to zero is, you know, wolf game ends up being the next farm bill. That would be amazing, but it's gonna take some time.
Speaker B: So Des is gonna hold to zero. Not, not. I I'm looking for my exit. I'm looking for my exit. I'm just not there yet. I actually had a really great phone call with economist yesterday. We were talking, and he's a wolf game holder, and he's also economist. So we were talking about Wolf game, and he basically, we basically did the math on, like, where it's. Where it's plus ev to hold your sheep versus sell your sheep when it comes to what the decisions are for your wool pouch, that's coming. And basically where we. Our thought process was, you'll probably get for your wool pouch 20% to 25% of what its actual value is on the open market. So with that math, anything over an eth, you should sell your. Your sheep. Anything underneath you should hold your sheep is what we came down to. So that's. That's my current decision tree. And so if you're. If you're out there with wolf. Wolf game assets, maybe that'll help you. He had a really great tweet yesterday, built a model around it, so go check that out. Anyway.
Speaker A: Can I sell my salmon? Is that still a thing, Nabra?
Speaker B: Well, they. They put an announcement out today that they're actually putting a new contract for the token with a new liquidity pool. So that might. That may get resurrected. Don't, don't. Don't put that in the hidden folder yet. It may get resurrected.
Speaker A: Good to know.
Speaker B: What else. What else do we want to talk about here? We got.
Speaker A: I just want to know what I can buy so I can be happy again. That's all I want to know.
Speaker B: The other big thing I wanted to bring up was news with Ens. So Ens apparently miscalculated some tokens in the initial airdrop, and they basically said some users didn't receive their two X bonus. So if you got an EnS airdrop and we're expecting a multiplier, make sure you double check what your token amount was and check in on Ens for that. There's a spot on the website that discusses this, but. So if you feel like you are potentially missing some of that, it is an issue and they're aware of it and they. They're going to be making up for that. So check your ens if you got that airdrop and make sure. What else we got here? What do we talk about?
Speaker C: Let's talk about, number one, the sandbox. They had a really big event this week happen. They opened up their alpha gameplay. So the way they're doing this is everyone can play, like, the initial hub module. And so you go in and you can. There's like three themed worlds that they have created, and you can go in and explore them and just see what the capabilities are of building in the sandbox. And then they raffled off basically 1000 alpha. Alpha plus, what I will call it, passes to where you get to explore these other modules that they created, like Snoop Dogg land and, you know, a bunch of different little challenges. And what's crazy about it, and I was messaging Josh ong yesterday about this, is if you were selected for an alpha pass, you could sell it on Opensea. It's an NFT. You can sell. An opensea makes money, but if you decide to keep it and actually play the game, they're gonna pay you, which is just crazy. Like $8,000 at the end of this alpha trial for playing the game, which.
Speaker B: What?
Speaker C: Yeah, it's kind of crazy.
Speaker B: Wild.
Speaker C: Your reward for holding the NFT in plane the whole time is. Is. Yeah, is $8,000. It's a thousand sand tokens, which at the current prices is. Yeah, right around seven. $8,000.
Speaker B: So is sand still at $7?
Speaker C: I think it's. Yeah, yeah, pretty sure it is, because.
Speaker B: We'Re looking here at the floor. The current floor of sandbox land is 1840 sand. So what is that, the equivalent of in Eth price?
Speaker C: Yeah. Wow, that's. That's like close to what, three ish?
Speaker B: Yeah, that's three.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's probably a little. Yeah, it's around three right now. I think it hit close to five at one point last week.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, it did. And this is just like random lands, like the premium lands were all going for, you know, well above.
Speaker A: Definitely. I was definitely selling lands for five e last week.
Speaker B: Yeah. Which is awesome. That'll offset some of those big L's from last week. But, yeah, the. I mean, the activity on sandbox. So did you. Did you play des?
Speaker C: I did, yeah. It was funny. I did, like, the module last night, and it's like you earned, you know, 200 sand tokens for what you just did. And I was like, you just take me 1400, paid me $1400 for bopping around ten minutes.
Speaker B: Oh, God, that's insane. That's awesome. Holy cow. Well, I mean, it's a fantastic world that we. That we live in today, but, yeah, so get. Definitely get your. So can you only play the game if you have the alpha pass? Is that correct?
Speaker C: I think you can only play the game to earn the money. If you have the alpha pass, you can.
Speaker B: Okay. But anybody can go in and knock around?
Speaker C: Yes, everyone can go in.
Speaker B: Got it. Cool. So that's cool. So if you're interested in sandbox, go play around in there. I think it's probably a good idea, because all these metaverses are, you know, they the new hotness, and you can decide if you want to hold your land or not. You know, anything. Anything like that. What am I doing right here? Is this on the screen, or is it still sandbox?
Speaker C: It's sandbox.
Speaker B: Okay. All right, before we get out of here, I've got. What else. What else do we want to talk about? Chamber? Anything on your agenda here from your massive losses of last week? My biggest one was bear game. That was. That's the. The one that got me.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think mine was still lines and zebras. But don't get me wrong. You said bear game, and I said, how high? And then I probably dropped far too much. Sorry, that's a.
Speaker B: Don't follow me. Nobody should follow me. Stop following my wallet.
Speaker A: Easy come, easy go. This is all. It's insane that we're making any money at this. Easy come, easy go. You win some, you lose some. You know, whatever. You know, if you've just deposited your life savings into nfts, like, the past week, you know, that's. I feel bad for you, but.
Speaker C: Oh, bunch of. We got to break this breaking news.
Speaker B: What's the breaking news?
Speaker C: Wolf game relics.
Speaker B: Oh, wait, did we. Did they. Did we just get an announcement?
Speaker C: They did. The shepherd. The shot in the shepherd.
Speaker A: We spoke.
Speaker B: The shepherd has spoken. I think that's two times live. He spoke last week while we were live as well. I'm actually pretty sure that Des is the shepherd. Does it? Does saying he's going to hold shocked if he was.
Speaker C: This thing has the game theory and somewhat seemingly on the cuff, made adjustments that I would bring to. To the wolf game. So maybe I am the shepherd.
Speaker B: All right, so read us the announcement here. What are we. What are we looking at?
Speaker C: All right, so, in your journey through wolf game, you will experience unforgettable moments. Soon, utilizing precious wool, you can own artifacts of the game. I present wolf game relics, and with wool, you'll be able to collect one of one, gifts from the wolf game. 90% of wool. Proceeds from the winning bids will go to the rewards treasury, which is the backbone of the game economy. 10% will be burned, deflating the supply forever.
Speaker B: Oh, interesting. So it's another. It's another deflationary wool wool mechanic.
Speaker C: Yeah. They're basically auctioning off their, like, little gifts that they post with.
Speaker A: Are you saying gifts or gifts?
Speaker B: Gifts. Like gifs.
Speaker C: Gifs.
Speaker A: Oh, okay. All right. Okay.
Speaker B: Like tomatoes. Yeah. So, interesting. So basically, instead of buying these with Eth, you will buy them in wool, correct?
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker B: All right. Not. Not the most bullish announcement, I don't think. What do you think?
Speaker A: That's a won't want descend, send tweets.
Speaker B: Come on, Des, how do you not clear that tweet with us beforehand? I'm waiting for the. Let's see what the action is on opensea. This went off a couple minutes ago, and the activity, no new buys in the last couple minutes here.
Speaker C: Based on this, Price, has now dropped to $0.03.
Speaker B: Stop. Really?
Speaker C: No, I just wanted to see.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, this. This one. This announcement is not triggering much of buys in it so far. Last sale, eight minutes ago. So we'll see how that. See how that happens, people. I think the discord is, is mixed feelings on this. We'll see what happens. But anyway. All right, should we wrap this thing up?
Speaker A: You want to do that giveaway?
Speaker B: Yeah. Do you have it?
Speaker A: I have it all set up here. Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. Awesome. So this. This giveaway was a lot better at the beginning of the week. We're gonna run it anyway.
Speaker A: So it's more of a booby prize now.
Speaker B: Yeah, right, exactly. I was giving away a bear game fisherman. Bear game fishermen. We had a bunch of entries. How many? 85.
Speaker A: 85 total entries. We're giving away a fishermande fisherman number one or 10,276. And we got 85. 85 people that joined in here. I got one winner, three backups. Let's see what we got. Seems like a fake name.
Speaker B: Probably not.
Speaker A: Maybe it's a legit v u a k x e. I don't know. That is if we can't get ahold of them. MB 20, 817, 78. And bit Jackie. 812. That's the only nasty. I like nasty.
Speaker B: All right, there you go. The congratulations for your fishermen. That that's going to do it for us today. A little bit of maybe alpha. The. The project that I'm watching tonight, the bunch you play of the day, is going to be Ape Kids club. Have you seen ape kids Club, Des, at all? Anybody ape Kids club. No, no, that's my play of the day for. It's 08:00.
Speaker A: What's giving you the warm and fuzzies on this one?
Speaker B: The secondary is on fire already. Just in the presale, they've done like, 100, 200. Ethan. Volume on the pre sale secondary market and the prices it mints for, like, 0.05. And the secondary price, I think, is almost 0.25 at the moment. Or 0.22. So that's a. If you can. If you can get it, if you can get in or get in where you can. And I think if you can mint it, it's a mint play, I think.
Speaker A: Is a gas war, uh, possibility here.
Speaker B: Probably, I would think. Right, but we'll see. 08:00 p.m. it's a good play.
Speaker C: It's a good play.
Speaker B: There you go. Look at the dead seal of approval. Uh uh.
Speaker A: A shepherd has spoken.
Speaker B: Sorry. It's actually ape game five, version two. Uh, on chain ape games. And I'm throwing ten eth in it. No exploit, I swear.
Speaker A: No, we fixed it. It's 100% fixed.
Speaker B: Yeah. Anyway. All right, that's gonna do it for us. Until next time, statement.
