Speaker A: I don't know what to do here. Chamber. I'm kind of at a loss because of this lag. I don't know why it's happening.
Speaker B: All right, I'm removing you remove from speakers. At least you'll have to kick yourself out.
Speaker C: We got Vicki up here. We got j web, we got circles. I don't know what to do. Let's. I guess we're going to talk about what's happening. We had a big announcement or verdict or whatever we want to call it legal, uh, announcement from bored ape yacht club. Um, turns out we're now setting precedent when it comes to, uh, digital ownership online. Yuga labs wins key ruling against, um, what are they called? Rip races.
Speaker A: Right, or rip racers.
Speaker C: Racist. Racist somethings. Uh, I don't know, but I didn't see much of a case had there. And it sounds like the judge threw a bunch of bullshit out coming in from riot rips. I'm sorry, do I get that right now? Riot rips?
Speaker D: Yeah, just roll with it.
Speaker A: He knows kanye, bro. Chill out.
Speaker C: No, watch out. He knows Kanye. That's tough. I was actually just looking at the article that I read the update on, and it shows a live floor price of both Borde Piat club and rider rips. And the difference is unbelievable. So it's like a 50 eth floor currently for bored Apiac Club. It's a 0.05 floor for the other guys.
Speaker B: Sounds like people are really having trouble.
Speaker A: Figuring out which one's the right one.
Speaker C: Right, right. But, yeah, I think. Yeah, again, just kind of solidifies, you know, some of the bullshit in the space, you know, kicking it to the side. I think that was a lot of. Yeah, just like, kind of a lot of bullshit that you had to put up with. Looks like the judge saw it that way. And I think, yeah, like, it's doing a lot as far as, like, clarity when it comes to trademarks in nfts. And I think. I don't know. I think this is a big deal. Anybody have opinions on the circles? Do you have an opinion on something like this?
Speaker E: Yeah, I mean, I think 0.05, that is a great price point to be able to say you own a Borg yacht club, even if it is a derivative one. But, I mean, that price point to be able to kind of get into this ecosystem just sounds fantastic.
Speaker C: Right? Vicki, what do you. What are your thoughts on this court case?
Speaker F: Well, there's lots of things I wish the judge would have said, but in his ruling, at the very end, before he bangs his hammer down, I would have loved for him to say, you win, you lose. Happy birthday, pee pee man. Case dismissed. But you might have to be in the board ate yacht club to get that reference.
Speaker C: Yeah, I did not get that reference, but it sounds. When you say pee pee man, that makes me laughter. I think that's a universal joke.
Speaker D: And that's why you would fit in so well in the bored ape yacht club chamber, is because you laugh when you hear peepee man. And so do I.
Speaker C: So maybe the founders could just maybe gift me a quick one, maybe two. That would be ideal. I could sell one off and then support the team. I'm here to change people. I'm here to change circles. What are your thoughts here?
Speaker E: Wasn't it a few weeks ago that you were claiming if you were airdropped, one that was soulbound or even just air dropped one at all, you would refuse it? So I'm very confused about this.
Speaker C: Wow. Circles, flip flop. You're going to know this about me. I change. I flip flop a lot. I'm going to be honest. That being said, I believe the parameters for this particular deal was I couldn't sell it and I just got one. So if I just got one and I couldn't sell it, I still would probably refuse it. That's why I'm, you know, maybe two. One to keep, one to sell. I could. I could be convinced to join the team.
Speaker E: So we know his price. Good to know everybody.
Speaker C: Yeah. It's 50 eth. It's probably less than that. Guys, if I'm being honest, I respect.
Speaker D: That level of petty. I really do. It doesn't make any sense to me to turn down free money, but I respect that level of pettiness.
Speaker C: I appreciate that. Thank you. Um, I see, I'm just looking at the notes here. Looks like moonbirds announced the hatching of the mythics, uh, for June, which is basically like an Olympics away in the NFT space, which is great. Um, wait. I don't know. Wait.
Speaker F: Chamber. You have notes? You. You have notes for the show?
Speaker C: Yeah, we have show notes. There's a reason. Bunch seems like the smart one all the time. It's just a matter of him, you know, dropping down, and I take over the notes that I. Oh, magically. Chambers sounds smart. Yeah. It's because we have notes. Weird.
Speaker A: Weird. Yeah. I don't have to say. Let me check on the notes. Let me check my notes.
Speaker C: You are a pro. You are a pro. I am a pinch hitter, but the bat is corked.
Speaker A: I think I like that. I think I may have fixed it. Do I sound all right?
Speaker C: You sound much better.
Speaker A: I think my Internet was not connecting properly on my phone, so I was only connected to cellular. And in my basement I think we're having some shoddy service or dodgy as the. It was dodgy service. Now am I back in full swing now? Do you feel like you can hear me in real time?
Speaker C: I feel like it's real time. How about you? Do you hear me in real time?
Speaker A: Yes. I'm not getting any of those awkward pauses. I mean, it felt really, really weird the first, like ten minutes of this.
Speaker D: So that's because it was really, really weird.
Speaker A: Yeah. And it shouldn't feel like that. So I knew something was wrong. Jay Webb. Thank you. I hope the rest of the show is less weird, although we may be talking NFT dick pics, so we're just getting started. Okay. I don't. I want to get to Mackie, though, because I specifically had a topic that I wanted Mackie's opinion on. We were, you know, all I've seen on my timeline the last week or so, maybe, maybe even not even that long, maybe a couple of days, is blue sky chamber. Are you aware of blue sky and what.
Speaker C: It's funny. It's funny you say this because I saw it briefly. I didn't pay any attention to it. But that does register, uh, with something I've seen.
Speaker A: So blue sky, I believe, is Jack Dorsey's new kind of, uh, Twitter clone, essentially. New platform.
Speaker C: That's who I saw it. It was, uh, it was, um. Is it Sue, Susan or Suzanne?
Speaker A: Yes, Susan.
Speaker C: That's who I saw from.
Speaker A: So it's a very, um, you know, right now it's doing its viral thing where it's invite only. You have to, you know, be part, be on the platform, kind of earn yourself some invites and pass them along to friends. And so you can see on the timeline, it's kind of doing that thing where everybody, it's in that stage of the cycle where everybody sees people posting about it and wants an invite for themselves. And so, you know, it's kind of all the talk of the town I've seen over the last couple of days. And our good friend Mackie has been deep in the blue sky streets. So I wanted to get his opinion on the platform. Little pros and cons and, you know, if it's worth it, should we all be trying to get ourselves a blue sky invite? We talk a lot on this show about kind of, I would say, platform risk. Right? Like, how risky is it to be tied to one platform for your audience. And I think the problem that we all have when it comes to this is like, we've built audience here. It's hard to get new audience on these new platforms. It's hard to get any traction on these new platforms. There's so many of them that are coming out. How do you choose which ones are going to win? And so I have seen, I think, the most chatter about Blue sky versus some of the other ones, like far Caster or wherever that have come out recently. So I wanted to pick Mackie's brain from somebody who's been deep in the streets and see what his opinion was. So I will say none of that is on the show notes. So that is all from just off the top of the noggin.
Speaker B: We're weighing it here.
Speaker A: That's it. We're just winging it. Mackie, tell us about blue sky. Tell us who'd you get your invite from? And like, what, what have you been up to over there?
Speaker B: So there. So blue sky is a decentralized social media app. I believe Jack Dorsey, like, when he still owned Twitter, he, like, spun it up as like a side project back in like, 2019. And then eventually the blue sky team dissociated from Twitter. I don't know if Jack Dorsey is still involved, like at the top. I think that's his people.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah. So it's like a team of eight people. It is a standalone app. There is a desktop browser based version as well. It is pretty much a Twitter clone. A lot of the stuff's in the same spots. The handles are unique. And you see if you've seen screenshots and in Bsky social. But I, if you have a website like dgen.net work, for instance, you can make that your handle. And so impersonation is a lot more difficult in that regard. And I think that's really special.
Speaker A: How much do they charge for the check mark?
Speaker B: I don't believe there is a check mark yet, but I know that there was talk yesterday about getting kind of that similar Twitter vibe of having meaningful institutions, having certified identities.
Speaker A: I mean, all I see is you hobnobbing with celebrities over there. Tell us.
Speaker B: That was, that was, that was weird. That was weird. I was up until 330 last night, so I definitely went off the deep end.
Speaker C: What kind of celebrities are we talking about here? Can we get a name drop?
Speaker B: Kumail Nanjiani. I was a messaging with Kumail.
Speaker A: I feel like chamber would be in heaven if he got one back and forth with him because chamber would like, shoot his shot with his comedy, you know, and then. And he would just wait patiently to see if he got like an lol or I would.
Speaker C: I would basically roast them for not being funny anymore since it got jacked and explained how jacked people can.
Speaker A: Isn't that a funny phenomenon?
Speaker B: It's a direct correlation or an indirect correlation.
Speaker C: Absolutely. Absolutely. It's either a nerd or fat spectrum.
Speaker A: Either.
Speaker C: You're the nerder, you are, the funnier you are, the fatter you are, the funnier you are. And as you get in better shape and look better, the funniness goes away.
Speaker A: God, that's something. I never have to worry.
Speaker C: We're never have to worry about this.
Speaker A: No, I never worry about that. You know, it's just I am never going to. He's fit enough. Where I used to be good looking.
Speaker C: I used to be good looking. A boar, as. As I progressed, uglier, just got funnier and funnier.
Speaker A: Well, you know, if you were on blue sky, you could tell him that and he would probably respond to you. You know, it's. But so tell us some of, like, the pros and cons you've seen versus being on Twitter, because, you know, from my perspective, at least from your, your timeline here, you've been pretty active over there outside of, like, not just somebody that's, oh, I'm on the platform. But it feels like you've been pretty engaged in doing a lot of stuff over there as an early participant. So tell us kind of what your experience has been so far.
Speaker B: I mean, to be honest, it feels like I'm buying a shitcoin early. I don't know if it's going to go up or down, so we'll see. But I really wanted to get invites because I want to help curate the community. And so that's kind of why I was leaning in. And you just don't get opportunities like this to be on the bleeding edge of technology too often. I'm lucky enough that my friend Natasha gave me an invite code. Like, I don't even, like, four or five days ago maybe. But pros and cons, current cons, no DM's, no videos, no gifs.
Speaker A: The only one I can see of being a super Con is the gifts because, you know, DM's sometimes are more of a hassle than a plus.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, there's definitely been a large number of people, myself included, who have posted like, two frames from a well known gif to kind of emulate that, which is like, so much that's really funny, actually. So much extra work to convey something, but yet you still don't want to try your words. I don't know. It's very interesting.
Speaker A: So what. What makes it decentralized right now?
Speaker B: It's not. But so the, the idea is that in time, it will be right now that I think they're probably running off some private servers or maybe some. Some tiny space that they have rented, some with some. But. But the idea of, they call it federated social media. And, like, I think it's federations, some have called it even, like, the fediverse. Like, fed.
Speaker A: Careful on that one.
Speaker B: I know, I know. We're flirting.
Speaker A: Flirt. Google the fediverse in the wrong way, and it's just a Gary Gensler pornographic video.
Speaker B: That aside, the idea is that you sign up for blue sky, and in theory, they will give you, say, blue sky goes down. But another. It's under this. It's under this protocol called the app protocol at protocol. And my understanding is that if I create an account through app protocol, Bluesky goes down, say another app or another client called Greensky pops up, I can move my blue sky socials, my followers, who I'm following.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker B: And just move it over to green sky?
Speaker A: Potentially, yeah.
Speaker B: It's more modular. You'll also be able to pick and choose, maybe based on which third party client you're using, but also maybe within natively, within Bluesky, to. To choose how your algorithm actually works so you can be like, I want to see more of this. I want to see more of this. Rather than us all fighting with the algorithm to get seen, we just kind of find better communities that way, I think, by oa.
Speaker A: Build your own algorithm.
Speaker B: Yeah, I guess so.
Speaker A: There you go. The. So how. First of all, I think so. No gifs or. Sorry, no gifs for the correct pronunciation crew out there. No gifs, no DM's. However, I did think I saw you on the very first Twitter space equivalent. Is that true?
Speaker B: That. That is true. So a person named Justin, his twitter handle is g e e k e n, as in Nancy Geekin. He's geekin tv on Bluesky. He took it upon himself. He is not associated with the team in any way, shape, or form, at least not right now. He is, like, talking with them at this point and communicating about the potential for his version of spaces that he spun up in 36 hours of work to be integrated into the app natively. We'll see if that happens. But it's already. Honestly, it's already better than Twitter spaces in some ways.
Speaker A: So it wasn't a built in feature. This person built on top of it and, and allowed for you as a blue sky profile to connect to it. Is that right?
Speaker B: That is a good understanding. So one thing I do want to point out is, so there's also like a thread writer already that you can connect your bluesky account to. So you can write threads a little easier and you're giving it permission to post on your behalf. Right. To follow people on your behalf. And one of the things I want to say before you ask your question is that in Twitter, you connect and authorize your account. Like when you sign in with Twitter. Right. In blue sky, you have the ability to put in your real password. Like you sign up or you go to this website, it's called skyspaces.net. and you go there and it asks for your bluesky handle and password. But in Bluesky, in the app, you can create app specific passwords that are this randomly generated 16 alphanumeric character password that you can then use with your handle to sign in without giving your full credentials. So it's a little bit more, I think it's better than the authorization that.
Speaker A: Twitter does totally, if it allows you to, basically, because what you just described now, I can very much see how it can be decentralized in the future. Basically, what you just told me is somebody built an app on top of bluesky profile or on the app profile, I think.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Of the app protocol. Exactly. So. And now you said the same thing about the thread writer. That's really interesting, because now I can see you can kind of picture a world in which there's one overarching social profile that apps are built upon, rather than the one app we have here that we have to then take and authorize everywhere in which we're not the beneficiary of that Twitter is. Right. So that's very interesting. Chamber, does this intrigue you? Are you going to scour the web for a blue sky invite or are you staying put?
Speaker C: I like exclusivity if I can.
Speaker A: But you got to think that's only a matter of time, right? Like, it's not always going to be invite only.
Speaker C: If I can get something invite only, even for that short period of time, I'll definitely be involved. I mean, it's very cool. I mean, it's just a matter of time for these kind of freeformed social media apps that kind of stand alone. I like the idea of building upon it and kind of that transfer mechanism. But yeah, I mean, we see it time after time. It's just, it literally is just a matter of time before the masses transfer over to a new. Whether it's, again, whether it's a web three version of social media, it's just a matter of time. So is this it?
Speaker A: Maybe. Mackie, have you tried any of the others outside of blue sky? Like, is this your first foray into some of these others? Have you been on Farcaster? Have you been on some of the other ones that have popped up?
Speaker B: I signed into lens protocol. I do have my handle there. I tried.
Speaker A: How does this differ?
Speaker B: I have not used them. Honestly. I think it's because the UX is so similar with blue sky to Twitter that it feels like, kind of like you're just in a smaller version of Twitter.
Speaker A: Interesting. So how much of your social media time are you going to be investing into this new and other platform?
Speaker B: So most of my tweets and I'll be totally transparent with everybody are scheduled. I spend about a week or a day each week, maybe like two, three, 4 hours filling up a hype theory account, and then I'll do some reply guying in the morning. Nodi, checking throughout the day, responding to everybody. So it kind of takes care of itself, honestly, on Twitter, for me, not totally, but. So I'll probably refocus some of that reply guy time, some of that. Just general organic interaction floating through the feed and kind of like replying to people and retweeting people you like because you don't even, I don't even know, I just called it retweeting. Right on Bluesky. The lingo isn't there. The vernacular hasn't developed and it's, yeah, I don't know if it's worth it yet, but certainly when you have better access to, or you have a smaller pool that has access to bigger names, like it is beneficial, like, there's no way in hell that I could have gotten reply from Kumail, right.
Speaker A: That was one of the initial draws of Twitter. Right? It was like you were able to, and social media in general, right, where you could make contact with people that you normally would not been able to, and that typically manifests in celebrities and big names first and, and then, you know, many to many people connection second. And super interesting. I really like the idea that you could build upon the app protocol like that and kind of, it seems permissionless ish. I don't know the exact details, but that's really interesting to me. Steve, are you, do you have a blue sky invite? How are you interested? Or are you too invested where you are. What's your thoughts?
Speaker G: So I had a couple thoughts. One, I was low key flooding blue sky this morning because I didn't think it solved like, a real market failure. Now I'm super interested after hearing Mackie give the breakdown of it turns out I should do some little, like a shred of research on it.
Speaker A: That's why I wanted to chat with Mackie, because I had seen his activity over the weekend. And I was like, at first I thought the same thing. I was like, yeah, this is just another one of those things because we saw it with lens, we saw with far casters, saw with Mastodon. Right? Like, and this one actually started to feel like it had a little leg. So I was curious, and we are very lucky to have the benefit of Mackie here on Mondays. And it worked out very nicely. Keep going.
Speaker G: No, I like how you have the intellectual curiosity. I did not. So that was good. Noted. What I was going to say is a couple things, like, I wonder how they're going to communicate that value to, like, a larger group of people to get scale. Because I think there is a lot of value there. But it's really complicated, right? Even people on web three didn't quite understand it at first. Raising my own hand. But the other thing is, what would be really cool for them if they wanted to do it? So I was thinking about how travel loyalty programs would like status match, like Delta United, maybe even give you a little bump just to switch over to their world. I do wonder if they could build a software where it's like when I log in, I connect my Twitter through an API and then I can follow anybody I'm already following who has already done the same and moved over and vice versa. Every so often you double check. Cause we're finding the right people.
Speaker B: Yes, Steve. So I literally was talking about this with one of my friends who may be able to develop something like that. The question is, how do you get everybody to basically pair their account, right? There's so much like, you have to connect your Twitter. You might have to use like an app password through blue sky like I described earlier. Or do you just go the old school route and just create like a manual database or like a form where you can fill out who you are?
Speaker A: This sounds like a question for chat. GPT Mackie. And I will tell you, I thought that too.
Speaker B: I thought that too.
Speaker A: I'll tell you right now, because of the little bot project that I'm doing, I am the proud owner of a Twitter v two API key. So holler at your boy if you need to test it out. I ponied up the $100 in my, you know, mess around, fuck around, find out account, and I'm messing with the Twitter API. So if you need a Twitter API key, holler at your boy and you can test.
Speaker B: Oh, definitely, definitely. Thank you, bunch. I'll tell my buddy.
Speaker A: I would love to be a part of thinking about what that would look like, too, because it's, it sounds like a chat GPT experiment if I've ever heard of one. Steve, any other thoughts there before I officially cross you off the bingo card today and read the tweet that I pinned above?
Speaker G: Uh, no. Oh, yeah, that actually, I didn't think about that. There you go. No, no, that's all.
Speaker E: I just had that thought.
Speaker G: And, Matthew, I think it would be, uh, I think it would be like, you know how you connect? Just, I will say real quick, you know how you connect, like, when you, like, approve something on Twitter, like discord. Like, something to match your discord. That's what I think it would be like. It'll be optional, so it wouldn't be perfect, but it would be the. Probably the most elegant solution. So, anyway, I'll leave it at that. But that got my wheel spinning, and now I'm, like, gonna dive down the blue sky rabbit hole. So I will stop there.
Speaker A: All right. And for the bingo card chamber, Steve replied. Actually, pasta's origin is China, Vicki. So it's an italian food created in China being pronounced by a Canadian who claims to be saying it like a british person in a room full of Americans. Fucking great tweet. This is just so good, and it's all just ridiculous where we are right now. So thanks for that, Steve. Chamber. Thoughts?
Speaker C: I'm just waiting for somebody to send me a private invite. That's all I want. I just want exclusivity for the next however many days I can get it.
Speaker A: Yeah. If anybody has a blue sky macchiato.
Speaker C: I'm looking at you.
Speaker A: How do you. I don't have invites.
Speaker B: I don't have any. I've not gotten any. So my understanding is it's one to two weeks on a platform. You get one invite. There you go.
Speaker C: I only need one.
Speaker B: And then they're manually giving them out in, like, packs of 20 sometimes. Sometimes you'll see two or three instead of that one at the two week mark. I I have no idea how it's working, honestly.
Speaker C: Is there a shoe? Is there a shoei I need to do in order to get one?
Speaker B: If Frank the gods is on there. Maybe you gotta bark up his tree.
Speaker A: That's funny. Chamber shoei coming to you for. You heard it. He will do a shoei if you have a blue sky invite. Cool. Well, Mackie, thank you for your insight. I wanted to pick your brain on it because I saw all your activity over there over the weekend, and, you know, you're somebody who, I respect their opinion. And when I saw the stuff you were doing over there, I had to figure out what was going on. So thank you for sharing with us. Chamber sounded like you talked. You know, the, the benefit of me being here is that we don't leave you with just the notes. And you covered two of the four topics in three minutes.
Speaker C: Yeah. Oh, we would have been done in the at least ten minutes.
Speaker A: You covered yugalabs and moonbirds, mythics literally in time.
Speaker C: Back, back to the fun topics. Get that out of the way.
Speaker A: Okay. Did you see that artifact? And Nike forging event is live. Have you seen this?
Speaker C: I saw it in the notes and I chose to skip it.
Speaker A: As somebody with some crypto kicks coming. This doesn't interest you much at all?
Speaker C: I didn't click. Does it affect me? Um, I honestly thought I was getting the physical shoes already.
Speaker A: You, you are, but there's more to come here.
Speaker C: What more can I get?
Speaker A: Well, this one in particular isn't for you. Uh, but I think it is of significance because we've talked a couple times and as recently as last week about, you know, what Nike and Dot swoosh were doing and how it sort of started to feel like they were leaving artifact out of a lot of the things they were doing. And then you saw, you know, very, very clearly over the last couple days. You saw the billboard in Tokyo with the AR, Air Force one Murakamis, and it's very clearly branded Nike and artifact there. It looks like the Nike swoosh is on the side as well as the, like. Yeah, the tongue. And then it's got the artifact logo on the other side. And now I'm going to call our friend Dow Jones. He famously, when the crypto kicks came out, was very upset that they didn't have any Nike markings on them. So I would imagine he'd be pretty pumped about these if he, if he had an opinion on them, because they are, I mean, very clearly co branded. So I think there's, I think that should hopefully kind of put some artifact holders at ease, because I think the biggest concern was, hey, Nike's doing all this stuff solo outside of artifact. And where does that tie in. Come in. I think this is kind of the first demonstration, doesn't it?
Speaker C: My thought was, always doesn't increase the value because, because there's no Nike. Like, if you take the original, you know, the shoes that we got, isn't it better for sneakerheads that are kind of in the know that, you know what I'm saying? Like, doesn't it not make it a bit more exclusive or rare that it doesn't have a Nike logo on it? And you kind of have to know that it's like our, you know, artifact is part of night, you know, saying.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think there's some of that.
Speaker C: But I think, and especially if there's more, if there's co branded stuff that comes after the fact, I think that even does more to prop up those original shoes.
Speaker A: You know, I'm saying, yeah, no, I'm, I'm with you. I can definitely see why people were upset originally without them. My, and my guess was always with the crypto kicks that there was likely a legal reason because of what they're trying to do with them. Right. As far as kind of pairing them with the, like the RFC chip and potentially introducing some kind of where to earn type of thing, I always had a feeling that that was more of a legal thing than a branding thing. And so to see them actually, you know, smack the, like, Nike logo on this is, I think maybe confirmation of that for me at least. But yeah, I get, I get what you're saying. Like, it's if, you know, it's kind of like if you know, you know, but at the same time it's like, hey, you know, there was such thing as a Zoom MP3 player, but nobody fucking wanted it because it wasn't an ipod. You know what I mean? There's a little of that, like you.
Speaker C: Say, like if you know, you know, but I feel like sneakerheads know. Do you know what I'm saying?
Speaker A: Yeah, like they are the ones to know. Yeah, no, I do. I think you're right. I'm not sure. But either way, this is what I.
Speaker C: Just want to ten x my sneaker purchase.
Speaker A: Oh, you might. I don't know. But like this is, I don't know, this is pretty cool. And what I thought was even cooler than the shoe is the billboard that they did and the posters that they did, they slapped them all over. Um, and it was a like ar interactive billboard where the shoes popped out. It was co branded Nike artifact. It was very, very cool. So that was exciting to see. Um, and, you know, it's it's just like what the power of these big brands, if they do stuff right, can do. And I don't know, that stuff's exciting to me. Um, speaking of Dow Jones, though, I do want to, uh, go to his comment up at the top. He says, hey, at Bluesky, the more people who go to your ghost town of a platform and have no friends on it, the sooner people leave it for dead and come back here. Enough with this invite code bullshit. Just open it up and let us do our thing. The invite thing is corny, tbh. Thoughts?
Speaker C: Wow. Apparently Dow doesn't like exclusivity.
Speaker A: Dow just doesn't like to be lonely.
Speaker C: No, he wants to be surrounded with his friends and loved ones. And I like, I like the superiority of exclusivity.
Speaker A: I get it. Look, I'm actually going to spin up a blue sky clone today and I'm only going to invite you.
Speaker C: I love it.
Speaker A: It's just going to be me. It's going to be me and you. I'll send Vicki an invite. I like Vicki's takes there to be the only one on your platform.
Speaker C: I also want Kumail there.
Speaker A: Yeah, right. So you can, you can call him an unfunny jacked bitch. All right, I need to go down the Dow because I evoked him twice as specifically about the artifact. Nike swoosh Dow. Welcome.
Speaker H: Yeah, fed service. I'm watching my son's first lacrosse game out here on the north shore. As far as the Nike swoosh goes, bullish. Right? Because now we actually have the Nike branding and we, this is a real Nike shoe to claim. It was very difficult to do. It's going to be very exclusive in numbers and there's a bunch of different colorways that you could get. So I am bullish on this version of it.
Speaker A: Not the model qualifies. What exactly qualifies to forge these? Do you know?
Speaker H: I don't because when I looked at them, they were about $500. And in my opinion, like, that's not worth it in the sneaker market.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker H: I'd be hard pressed to find a pair of air force ones worth the 500. So to think about invest in five up front, they're going to have to be worth at least 750, right? So for me, they were a dunk, maybe, or a Jordan one. I would consider it. But as a air force one, you know, Nellie and his boys are down bad these days.
Speaker A: I like the one, the rip on nelly to the shoe economic market breakdown. I thought was you'll have a hard time finding that anywhere else now. Appreciate it.
Speaker H: The blue sky. I'm starting the class action. It's hashtag us three, web three. You can't just leave people out anymore. So we're getting the class action against Jack Dorsey. And you guys are welcome when it's up.
Speaker A: Only I like us three, web three. Please. Let's start that revolution.
Speaker H: People out of anything anymore, right? We're supposed to accept each other, who they are. So how dare they not invite us to their platform? I would say like, that it is the class action suit way.
Speaker A: Some would say they're specious and they are not into penguins over there. Maybe you guys bring all these fucking lawyers.
Speaker H: I'm looking for an ambulance chasing lawyer. When do we find that one on one of these fucking stages, guys?
Speaker A: Jweb, you got any of those to come on the show later? Riggs?
Speaker B: I can walk.
Speaker D: I can walk downtown and find a guy.
Speaker A: Perfect. Riggs, GM. Welcome. And then I actually missed circles hand before. So circles, if you're around, we'll go to you next.
Speaker I: Yeah, I mean, I just wanted to chime in on this blue sky thing. I was fortunate enough to have an invite, which is great. However, I did ask who was active right now on there. And I basically got. I got no likes on it. There's fucking nobody there. So I'm 100% on Dallas book. You know, get more people there. I asked everybody and nobody answered.
Speaker A: That was gold, Mackie. That's our clip for the day is the blue sky. Who's active right now? I think that's fucking great. But maybe you could clip together the Dow Jones tweet and us three, web three with the rigs. Who's active right now for the epic blue skyd take of the day. I appreciate that. Riggs chamber of thoughts, who's active right now? I don't know.
Speaker C: When? When participation. You know, it's. That's. Riggs came in hot and I really appreciated it.
Speaker I: No, it's all good. J web already put me on fucking blast, though. Straight up on the timeline on Twitter saying, stop it, riggs, basically. And put, you know, copied the tweet or whatever. What are they called over there?
Speaker D: I screenshotted the fake tweet. The. I don't know what the fuck they call it, but yeah, riggs, come on, man. Like, you're better than that, I think.
Speaker A: Oh, my God. You did you. Dude, that is so funny. Riggs, can you mint that? I think we should mint that. So you got your. You got your blue sky invite. So congratulations. You know, you you were. I forget what we were talking about. The. Oh, this is like you getting an honorary. I think it might be better if then you getting an honorary and you go over there, you tweet, who's active right now? I think, you know, I have no problem with it. You're just trying to be the first blue sky influencer. And I think you just said, I tweeted, but then you, you pulled it back and said, I don't even know what they call it over there. I'm going to call it doing a bluey.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: What do you think, Chambere?
Speaker D: He blew himself early.
Speaker A: He blew himself early. There are literally dozens of you over there at blue sky. Literally dozens.
Speaker I: There may be. There may be dozens, but they're not active. I can tell you that.
Speaker A: That is true.
Speaker F: We're not going to get over there, are we? Let's face it. It's blue sky people. Obviously, he's got the people. He's got the invite. He's in. You know, we're all the. We are all going to be waiting.
Speaker A: That's right. We are. We're not. We're not lucky enough to be blessed with the blue sky invite. It's beeple holders first and then they decide the fate of all of us plebs after the fact. But I can't wait to go over there and do bluey and see. Briggs may have blew himself early and we'll see what happens. This says, I'm glad we talked about blue sky because I did not know all the deets and I'm glad Mackie gave them to us. What else do we want to touch on for the last seven minutes here, Chamber? You got anything in particular?
Speaker C: I mean, we were teasing dick pics.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. I forgot about it.
Speaker C: I feel we got to talk that.
Speaker A: I feel like we have to find the tweet, though, and it's got for context. Matthew Carson. Yeah. If you have that, throw it up on the top. I don't want to speculate on who.
Speaker F: Does that mean Ryan Carson comes back?
Speaker A: No. Vicky. What if it ended up being him? That would have been. That would be something. The Carson Daily tweet that went out today is very interesting. It says it's up at the top breaking. I've received a tip that a prominent man who co founded a web three company is sending unsolicited pics to several people in the web three community. I will be revealing the story on my podcast this Thursday. If you'd like more information or want to contribute, dm me now. This is blown up pretty big. It's got, you know, 136 quote tweets, 32 retweets. It's, you know, kind of, um. I would say shocking. And I guess it depends. I don't think it matters who it is. It's a pretty egregious thing to do. Chamber thoughts.
Speaker C: When you say it doesn't matter who it is, it. If it was certain people would matter more. Like, if it was, like, Steve or something like that, that would be. That would be more. That would. That would level up in my books. But I. I'm sure. I'm, like, 98% sure it wasn't Steve.
Speaker A: I mean, at least 98% sure. At least. Okay, let's go this route with the last couple of minutes. Who would it shock you most if it was? Because Steve would probably fly way up there on my list of, like, who I would be totally shocked at if it ended up being.
Speaker C: That's a good. Like, um. I would say if it was, like, I don't know, like. Like somebody in our. In our circle.
Speaker A: By the way. I got it. It could be in the circle. It could be just in web three in general, I just have to commend you specifically on the new title of.
Speaker C: The show, dick pics and Nike kicks.
Speaker A: Yeah. It's just so good. You're just like. You're a mastermind when it comes to naming the show. People don't appreciate it, and they won't until you're dead and gone, like, and look at these titles. It's. It's just phenomenal. Um, we do. I go. I'll go to circles. I owe you one. Circles. I jumped you before. Um, circles. Are you here to confess or.
Speaker C: I would be shocked if it was circles.
Speaker A: Me too. But I don't think he's technically a web three founder.
Speaker E: A. I'm not a web three founder. B, I kind of missed the bit of the conversation. So, facetime with the kids. But I can kind of get context clues. See, my hand was actually up. Is Mackie still around? Behind one of the. Is he behind the degeneres that somebody else?
Speaker A: He is. He is.
Speaker E: I had a question. Re blue sky spaces.
Speaker D: We passed that. We're on dick pics now.
Speaker C: Yeah, stick to the topic.
Speaker A: No, let them ask about blue sky, and we'll come back to blue balls after.
Speaker E: Okay, so does that basically mean that, like, theoretically, everybody could create their own spaces platform? And so it's kind of. You not only have to have mass adoption of blue sky, but the mass adoption of blue skies space, like, particular spaces versus somebody else. Is that kind of what we're thinking is going to happen? Or do we think that blue sky could integrate somebody's spaces creation into the actual platform itself and then that gets distributed to everyone that way?
Speaker A: So, great question, actually. Mackie, thoughts?
Speaker B: I'm going to say I think that you are looking at it the right way, but I do think that if blue sky chooses one, it would become the de facto. Right now, the way the spaces work is I can go to that skyspaces.net page, create one, and I'll give like a random string of letters and numbers at the end of a URL and you can actually take that URL and put whatever you want at the end right now and create a space with that name. You can't name the title of the room like chamber just did. You can't do that. I believe there. I've been told there are some content moderation abilities now. Like, you can kick somebody at this point, but you couldn't do that yesterday. Yeah, it's certainly going to be interesting and I wanted to talk more about the spaces details, but we can talk about it some other time too because we're close to the hour.
Speaker A: Yeah, we'll hit. I would love if you join any more between now and. Oh, you're not around on Wednesdays, but we'll figure out when to chat about it here again because I'd love to hear more on it. How was the. Did you say the quality was better? I thought I saw you say.
Speaker B: Yeah. Really? I think he said he had it set for double the bits, double the bitrate that Twitter spaces works on. So playing music. I heard that, like, crystal clear yesterday. People's voices sound nice. You can use either desktop or mobile. And it's actually, like I said earlier, it's a URL. So it's a web page. It's not in the app right now.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's interesting. Very cool. Very cool. Yeah, I can't wait to check it out. Going back to Jweb to close it down. J Webb.
Speaker D: Yeah. I'll say, first and foremost, we should. Sending unsolicited and unwanted dick pics is obviously awful. Number two, the way that she said this kind of made it feel engagement for me, which is pretty gross, in my opinion, to like engagement for sexual harassment. I don't know, maybe that's just me 100%.
Speaker C: And at least put it, like, they put it off to Thursday.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: Like, what the fuck is that? Like, if you're gonna put this out there like that, to me, that was like, I'm gonna hype this up as much as possible, which is, you know, we shouldn't be surprised by that and NFT Twitter at this point. Lastly, I feel like, I mean, how many dick pic collections are gonna launch on Thursday as well? Like, we've been on meme coin season, but now we're about to be on, you know, dick pick April, so just watch out for that.
Speaker A: I did see, I did see a nice rendition of Riggs Bird come to life today out in the wild. So maybe we'll just cco that.
Speaker D: Dude, you could AI the shit out of that and then like, make a collection and mint that out on Thursday. Like, that could be huge.
Speaker A: I tend to agree with, like, the presentation of hey, tune in Thursday to find out.
Speaker C: And I'm upset with the length of time between the announcement and the show. It's far too long.
Speaker A: Yeah, like, I want to know now. So we.
Speaker C: I want to know, like tomorrow. Yeah, come on. I get, I get. You want to plug it. You want to hype machine it. I get it. But Thursday's too long. You should have done this on Tuesday or Wednesday, Steve.
Speaker G: Yeah, I know we're at the end here, but I just want to throw something for people to chew on as we go. It's probably wrong in this conversation. Throw something out. As we're going through this. Somebody said, first of all, it's worth reading the replies because there's ones where people are like, it's art, though, and stuff like that. But there is somebody who said, like, basically said, give a clue. And she said, my clue is in the, is the first word of the tweet and the first word is breaking. I don't know what that means. But we're thinking about. Because I was just reading through the replies and so I don't know, leads.
Speaker A: To if we're gonna go there. The thing I saw, the thing I saw there about the breaking was that people were speculating. And then, Steve, I don't know, you might want to duck out now. People were speculating. It was from one of the NFT news sites or media sites. NFT.
Speaker I: Now.
Speaker C: I thought you guys DJ network.
Speaker A: Well, you never know. It could be. There was that 2% chance that instead Steve. And now if it is in fact, if it is in fact a web three media outlet, now, maybe that 2% became, I mean, 2%.
Speaker C: It's like 60% for me. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker I: Deejay networks.
Speaker B: Good.
Speaker I: We got our two percenters out of the way last weekend during NFT. NYC with two of us cracking beeples. So it's got to be somebody else.
Speaker A: That's true. That is true.
Speaker G: Handicapping. You're like handicapping me being a registered sex offender right now.
Speaker D: That's not necessarily far away from registered sex offender to dick pic sender.
Speaker C: Yeah, come on. And it's 2%. I mean, you're such a long shot in this. It's more of a compliment than anything.
Speaker G: I don't know the laws around these.
Speaker A: Seems to know a lot about harassment and assault, I would say. Right. Like, I'm pretty sure you could get sued over something like that. I send all of mine over telegram because it's encrypted end to end and.
Speaker C: Directed only to me, for one.
Speaker A: That's the exclusivity that you get and that's going to do it for us today. No more circles. We can't where this thing is about to get us all in very big trouble. You have to put a disclaimer on.
Speaker F: You have to just say that as much as we're all having a laugh and a joke, if sounds cliche to say anyone here has been messed up by some douche, feel free to dm me. I will dare and pink hairs will kick them in the ass. And it is never supported by any of us as much as we all laugh and joke. So whoever they are, it's not going to be pleasant, certainly for the people that have been affected because I'm sure there's going to be some. And needless to say, nobody ever sends me any, which I'm quite pleased about.
Speaker C: Because obviously, listen, I've been married 20 plus. I've been with my wife 20 plus years. She doesn't like when I do it either. So if that relationship can't handle a dick pic, I feel no relation can do one.
Speaker A: So that's, and thank you for the disclaimer, Vicki. That is much needed. And, you know, it's not really something to make light of, even though we're, we're joking about it, but it's, it's obviously a very serious thing. And I hope if anybody out there comes across somebody like this, they do speak up because many people don't. And so I speak up and speak.
Speaker C: Up faster than four days from now.
Speaker A: Like I say, regardless of if you think it's engagement farming or not, it's worth, it's worth saying something for sure. So we love you all and thank you for joining us. We will be back on Wednesday at 04:00 p.m. eastern. Don't forget to like and subscribe to us here in our newsletter. We've got NFT night shift coming at you at 11:00 p.m. eastern. All your NFT alpha, if that even exists anymore, will be spewed there by JP Kaz and crew. So check out the night shift for all of your NFT market updates. And I think that's it. Chamber, any parting words?
Speaker C: No, I just wanted to say good night to Grant cardone, and I wish.
Speaker A: Did you make any progress on getting him on the show? How many videos of his did you watch today?
Speaker C: I was intrigued by the fact that he's, like gone, like over the deep end in regards to, like conspiracies and stuff like that. So I'm going to do a bit more research and come back with Grant.
Speaker A: Like an olive branch and like, hey, man, if you feel in some kind of way, just hit me up.
Speaker C: I mean, he tried to sell me some vitamins for end time, so I'm.
Speaker A: Now picturing you like, full on Eminem Stan with you and Grant Cardone.
Speaker C: Dear mister, I'm too good.
Speaker B: Do I have to play you guys off or what?
Speaker A: Yeah, please do. Please do. And if you have Eminem Stan at the reg at the ready, that would be a nice one. But if not, whatever you got. Thank you for listening. And until next time, stay mint. It.
