Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am bunchu, alongside my esteemed colleagues and co host, chamber and des Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: Doing pretty good, man. That was very low t bantu, by the way.
Speaker A: Bro, I got nothing. The tank is empty.
Speaker B: I feel like I should have to introduce. When you're not. I gotta bring it to you, you know what I'm saying? Sometimes I'm down. You bring it to me.
Speaker A: Gosh, I thought I did, actually. All right on that one.
Speaker B: That was pretty good. I feel like. I feel like I should have done more for you, being a better co host.
Speaker A: Want to give it a go?
Speaker B: No, I feel we're worried we've come too far.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, it's fine. Yeah, so you're doing good on the eve of your birth anniversary, it is your birthday tomorrow, so everybody please give chamber a rowdy happy birthday down in the comment section here. Uh, tell him how much you appreciate his laughter, his energy, his high tea, um, all of the. The fun and entertainment he brings to you on a tri weekly basis these days. So, uh, happy birthday, my friend, because by the time we do another show, um, you will be officially over the hill. It'll be after the birthday.
Speaker B: I will be low tea, like, officially.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So we'll be seeping out of me.
Speaker A: I'm pretty sure. Yeah, I'm pretty sure that that's. That's how it works, right? So you're. It's only downhill from here for you. But 40 is the new, what, like 16 these days?
Speaker B: I feel. I'll tell you what, I don't feel different than I did at, like, 27 or 28.
Speaker A: Yeah. Isn't that weird how it, like, everybody says that and then you actually live it and you're like, oh, no, it's actually true.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's. It's. I feel about the same. Like, I don't. Like, you know, some people complain about, uh, like, you know, aches and pains and stuff. I would say the only thing that has changed was I get a little bit more, like, I have to take, like, a tums. You guys have tums down and I have to ask now.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Like an acid.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. So, like, maybe, like, a couple of times a week. I gotta take one of those now, but that's about it.
Speaker A: Fantastic.
Speaker B: Worst case.
Speaker A: Fantastic. The Des. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker C: Yeah, just. Just forget about me.
Speaker A: Never, never forget about you.
Speaker B: My birthday weekend.
Speaker A: I gotta go. I gotta get the birthday love out of the way, man. That's. That's how it works around here. You got chamber. It's chambers day tomorrow and we don't have a show, so he's, he gets a little extra TLC on the intro. So how are you doing?
Speaker C: Honestly, I don't even know why I'm complaining. It's a freaking miracle getting me two.
Speaker A: Shows is on, I've heard. Rumor has it it'll be a three peat on Friday. Is that confirmed?
Speaker C: It is confirmed. Yeah, I'm committed.
Speaker A: Awesome. Friday, we actually do have a guest, so come and join us on Friday to talk to Franklin Fitch about parallel alpha. So we have, you know, if you've never seen parallel before, super cool kind of NFT trading card game. They're doing a ton of really cool stuff. If you were around in 2021 when they initially dropped their first cards, I think the game is actually being like fully released now. So what, Franklin, this is the same.
Speaker B: Parallel, like, that's what you're saying? Like from 21. Okay, that's exciting.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Rocket back then.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, they did.
Speaker D: Crazy.
Speaker A: Yeah. So we're gonna have Frank on Friday for that. And a little fun fact for those who, you know, have only adopted us while the mint condition has been a thing. Franklin, who will be joining us on Friday, is actually the all time leading appearance guest on it's not even close chamber and I show with this will be, I think, his fifth time joining us on the our various shows. So super pumped to have him back. We haven't talked to him in a couple years since we've actually had wrecked. So, you know, we've got, we've got a fun show on Friday, so come and check us out. Also, just some housekeeping tonight. Chambers said it earlier, but we have the NFT night shift spaces at 830 on the Djenan. Sorry, dongle issues hosted by our wonderful friends phonics, JP cash, Shane Mizzle and TJ. So check out that chamber typically comes in there, runs the Djen handle dongle.
Speaker B: I wonder what this dongle looks like. Can we get a picture of it? Maybe after the show.
Speaker C: What the hell is going on?
Speaker B: He's got a dongle that he touches and then it disconnects his mic.
Speaker C: I think dude needs to get some dongle dysfunction pills. I think we need to add that to some sort of bingo card by now.
Speaker B: But yes, you should watch. As I mentioned before the show started, you should listen. Get in there. It's on space. It's 830, a very reasonable time. 08:30 p.m. eastern standard. I will more than likely be on the DJ handle, but I usually keep quiet for the most part. If I do say something, it'll be somewhat informative, but yeah. JP phonics, mizzle, TJ and Shane will be absolutely killing it this evening for at least an hour. They might go a little longer. I forgot how long the last one was, but hour, maybe hour and a half, who knows? Bunch of you good. Still no good. Big thumbs down from bunch. So. Okay, des, I'm going to ask you, because I tweeted out yesterday, I've fully committed to blur. You know, the name of this space is blur deals deathblow. I don't know if you saw it yesterday, but there's basically like a loyalty button now on blur, like a one press basically, delist everything on any other platform, commit your fidelity to or your fealty to blur. I did it last night. I am only on blur. I'm trading, I'm selling, I'm buying on blur. Am I foolish for this? Des? Is this the right way?
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't see why not. They're probably doing the best out of any marketplace out there right now, so. Yeah, and, you know, season two is just beginning, so. So why not, you know, until Opensea comes out with their. Their token and we're just trying to will that into the universe might as well.
Speaker B: And that. That's kind of what I said. It's like, you know, be where the volume is, you know, I'm not looking to take advantage of all of the, you know, I don't. Are we calling it wasp trading? Whatever's happening gamifying of blur? I know some people are really, really smart and have that kind of time on their hands to dedicate to it, but if I can make a couple extra bucks just by doing what I would normally be doing on Opensea, but just doing it on blur, I'll take it until Opensea comes out and gives me reason to go over there and the volume follows, then I'll switch back. I mentioned earlier today, I'm only here to make money at this point, so you have to go where the volume is v squared. You got something to say?
Speaker C: Yeah. So I saw that royalty, you know, the button. And the first thing that came to my mind is, you know, I've been hearing rumors about possibly Jim doing some type of airdrop since they're owned by Opensea, and I don't think they operate out of the US. So what if. So what if when they do that, or if they do that, they say, okay, everybody that hit that little fancy.
Speaker B: Royalty button doesn't get any, okay, then they're just doing. They'll be in the same position they currently are where they're alienating a huge section of the training, you know what I mean? Of the trading volume fair. So, yeah, I mean, they can absolutely do that, but then they're just, you know, they're just pissing off people again. Like, I don't know. They need to go over and above, in my opinion, to kind of bring people back over. Stephen Q.
Speaker D: So, so much. So much wrong already? Um, no, I was going to say, um, the, uh, two things I want to throw. When you were talking earlier, I actually initially requested up because I was going to suggest that for a potential future draft in honor of your age turning. I don't even know if Bunch can still hear, but, like, I don't know how to say. I was trying to type this in. The comments like, things you say or do that make you recognize you're getting old. So, like, leaving early to beat traffic or, like, getting excited about new countertops.
Speaker A: Like.
Speaker D: Like, there could. I don't know if that's a draft worthy thing or not, but it will be an honor.
Speaker B: What about a good vacuum? When you vacuum? Oh, like a good, clean floor. Oh, my goodness. I never thought I'd be that excited.
Speaker D: So excited. I cleaned my basement this weekend, and I'm stoked. Like, I can see everything. There's so much room and so much space.
Speaker B: I love it. This is foreplay for me right now. I'm gonna be honest.
Speaker A: I think the name of that draft should be the tell me you're old without telling me you're old draft, I think is. That's it. It's kind of. It reminds me of when we did chamber chamber does teenage slang on rect podcast, and we went through the top teenage slang that was going on currently in the. In the world.
Speaker B: Still use it, by the way.
Speaker A: And. Yeah, and he had to. He had to. It was kind of like, defend that tweet where all I told him was the actual, you know, word, and he had to tell me what it meant. And it was actually really fun segment. So we could do. We could do something like that. I think those would be super fun.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think. Was that fairly recently, like, since. I know.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: Because I feel like I listened to that one, but it's, like, coming up in my head, but I'm not sure of inventing it.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker D: I could just picture.
Speaker A: It was one of our tail end rec podcast shows, I believe. Definitely.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And, yeah. So we should definitely do that, though. That'll be our next. It could be our next draft, I like it because it's, like, super abstract and open for interpretation. Right. Like, what that means. The tell me you're old without telling me you're old one is interesting. So the. Just to get back to the blur topic really quick, because I had some blur stuff prepared here from our wonderful friend V squared. So, I mean, first of all, you know, Susan was in here the other day wondering why the Blur team wasn't doxxed. And it's because. It's because the Blur founder is multi platinum recording artist eminem. And we found a lot of people didn't know. We found that out yesterday. So blur, the. The founder, Pac man. The Pac man doxxed yesterday? Was it yesterday, I believe, and wrote a big thread about who he is. And I think it was, you know, I say what you want about, like, the royalties piece and all of this stuff, that it started, but I feel like their execution has just been, like, spot on how they're. They're coming about all this. They're taking the attention. I mean, they have all the attention right now, and it's the only thing that people are talking about. We've been talking about it for over a week now, and. But this. I mean, the resume of Pac man, pretty impressive. So 18 hours ago, this tweet chamber. Tell me if you have any of these things on your resume. Tldr about me before working on blur. Dropped out of high school to go through y combinator at age 17. Did you do that?
Speaker B: No, I dropped out of high school just to go to the YDE.
Speaker D: Got it.
Speaker A: Okay, good, good. Studied math with computer science at MIT.
Speaker B: No, I just use computers to do my math for me.
Speaker A: Got it. Okay, perfect. Received the teal fellowship to leave MIT and start name base, which was, I guess, this first company.
Speaker B: I was asked by the fellowship to leave MIT, but just. That's it, though.
Speaker A: Yeah, for some weird, like, lunchroom activities.
Speaker B: Sir, you're causing a scene.
Speaker A: Sir, please get that out of the mashed potatoes and leave. Thank you. And sold name based to Namecheap. You definitely didn't do that, but so pretty impressive resume by the Blur founder here, Pac man. Des, what are your thoughts hearing the credentials of Pac man as the now doxxed founder of Blur?
Speaker C: Yeah, pretty insane list, man. Y combinator just comes up so often in this space now. And, I mean, obviously it's been around for a long time and has led to many successful startups. I just can't wait for the inevitable documentary docu series on y combinator. It's it's pretty good. Yeah. I mean, great. I would assume something that's been this. I mean, blur. Blur is attacking it at all angles, from a development side, from a marketing side. So it's. It's doing a good job. So I wouldn't have expected anything less from. From the founder, blur.
Speaker A: I mean, Vicki says, what proof is there that the resume is accurate? I mean, I think that's fair.
Speaker B: I mean, he put it on Twitter.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, that's right. Everything on Twitter is accurate. You should read. You should believe everything you read on Twitter. But no, is a good.
Speaker B: I think it's. I think it's more believable, the fact that, you know, I don't know that he hasn't used his name. He said Pac. I think he said that Pac man was close to the sound of what his name was, but pronouncing his name would be much more difficult for people.
Speaker A: He kind of looks like Pac man.
Speaker B: Like, he does, kind of. He eats in a weird way.
Speaker A: Yeah. Right.
Speaker B: Only ghost diet.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Which I thought was weird.
Speaker A: Yeah, he only eats ghosts. So weird. It's weird. He's. He's been chasing the same girl around for decades. Just can't catch her. She's. She had her own Y combinator spinoff. Misses Pac Mandev. Um, and. No, but totally. I. It's a good point, but I don't know. They're just crushing this. This attention economy game right now. And just to go back on the things you guys were talking about while I was having technical difficulties, this also came out that 300 million plus blur will be distributed to the community in season two. And what's the secret to maximizing your rewards? And that is loyalty. So, uh, users with 100% loyalty have the greatest chances at mythical care packages, which are worth 100 x of your uncommon care packages. So then they talk about the three ways to maximize your loyalty, and that's list only through blur, like you were talking about. Right. So. Well, list through blur. Whenever you list, make sure you list using blur. You can use our advanced listing tools to list everywhere in one go. But in season two, there's only one way to maintain 100% loyalty, and that's that loyalty button that you were speaking of, which I think is kind of genius. It's. It's.
Speaker B: It's so good.
Speaker A: I mean, it's like, as a person who spends all day thinking about loyalty and web three, like, I mean, pretty well executed. They've kept really gamified the hell out of this.
Speaker B: How hard. How hard would that be to create, like in the span of, like, I.
Speaker A: Feel like it'd be pretty tech heavy. Like, to be able to do that.
Speaker B: Like a one, a one button remove all. Like, that's pretty, that is. That does seem like it would have.
Speaker A: It's kind of, it's probably similar to like the, you know, revoke cash type of call contract thing where you're just removing all of them at one time to Opensea. Right. And then it says listing rewards will be as large as bidding rewards. So Max, listing points equals listing x loyalty. So the more you list, the more you earn. Listing blue chips helps and listing more active collections helps. Use our listing tools and then don't try to game the system. Relisting nfts at unrealistic prices and, you know, all these other cheating mechanisms will not work. But super interesting. I mean, there's a ton of gamification going on there and I think they're just like lapping everybody else at the current moment. And unfortunately, it's. The royalties conversation is at the, you know, forefront of it. But I think other than that, I feel like they're executing super well. Des, what do you think about this gamification loyalty for season two type of thing?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's amazing.
Speaker C: No, fully supportive. And then I actually don't, I don't know. Maybe it's not as tech heavy as we're thinking, the revoke all listings, but. Genius. I mean, it's amazing. And the rewards for season one, I'm not currently farming, but I should be considering the little time that I put in in season one was, was definitely worth it. Um, yeah.
Speaker A: God, I. I got nothing. I should probably get on it too. But, uh, I guess it was probably.
Speaker C: The mythicals that carried me the most. I think I got a little bit lucky with the draw there. And if you're saying for season two they were 100 x, I'm assuming for season one there were 100 x. So I guess that that's what carried was.
Speaker A: I say the, what was. Do you remember the amount of blur that was dropped in season one? That is that 300 million more, less or the same? Yeah. If anybody knows that, drop it in the comments because I'd be interested to know how much supply is differing from that first to second one. So if you know that, please drop it in the comment section. Let's go to Mister House. What's going on? Mister House.
Speaker C: Hey. Yeah, I'd come up on the blur subject and I have the answer to Vicki's question. How do we, how do we verify this? So I asked myself the same question when the thread came out. So I did some, some Internet sleuthing, some Google reverse image search.
Speaker A: Is he in fact Eminem?
Speaker C: Basically went on crunch base. He is not in fact Eminem. I hate to break the news, honestly. The scariest part is that he started blur when he was the same age as I am now. So now I feel like I'm on a one year timer. I need to make the next billion dollar idea. But no. Yeah, he founded Namecheap when he was like 17 or 18. Something along that line started blur 2023. It's listed on his personal website as stealth company. But then if you go through and you look at the founder of Paradigms tweets, they've tagged him in multiple things referencing the thread. So I think it's one of those things where like, it's something that I kind of struggle with, you know, being a younger person in this space is if he came right out the gate and said, hey, I'm a 23 year old working on the next pro trade platform. Like, think about how skeptical people would have been right off of the bat, right? But then on the other end, now people look at it and they're like, been through y combinator, right? He's already done the thing, so now we can give credit where credit's due. It's like, that's where I see the kind of value of pseudonaut, an enemy, and web three to an extent. But I thought it was just really interesting and kind of wanted that share.
Speaker A: That had, that is such a, Vicki.
Speaker C: Had and a lot of other people did.
Speaker A: It is such an interesting thing that you just pointed out. Right. Because we saw the same thing happen with Frank. Right. He's also 23, if I'm not mistaken, or somewhere close to that. And he did the same thing where kind of built first docs later. And I think, I think it's really kind of a cool thing about the space that we're in that people can do stuff and be judged on the merits of their work first. And then, you know, once it is a success, there needs to be some sort of level of trust there, right. Because people were kind of nervous about who these people could be. And so I think it's, I think it's super interesting. I often feel like such a massive failure as soon as I see, you know, what these young folks are doing at such a young age. I'm like, man, I could have, if I just had my head on straight ten years sooner, we would be on Bunchu island right now.
Speaker B: We were on like, dial up Internet back then.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, that's true. The tech just wasn't there. But, like, I also wasn't doing the. You know, I wasn't as dialed in. I almost feel like, you know, when I think back on, like, what my life was then I. And what it is now, and just, like, the perspective I have, I feel like I was just asleep for so long, and I was just like. And now, in the last, like, five years, I've turned into an actual adult with a brain rather than just, like, some aimless person. And so I'm always super impressed when I see people like this or I, like Frank or, like, mister House and just crushing it and just being such insightful young people, and I'm like. I was watching football games and drinking beer.
Speaker B: I don't know. I feel like you're being tough on yourself. Do you not think if you were, whatever, like, 21 right now or had you been, like, 20 years old in 2021 and, like, people started talking to you about. Because you were.
Speaker A: Yeah, no.
Speaker B: Were you collecting? Like.
Speaker A: I feel like you were. I had. I've always had ambition, right? Like, I've always had, always had ambition, but it was misguided, right? Like, my ambition in the past was what I always thought was, like, the only way to do things, which was, you know, go to college, get a job, 100%.
Speaker B: I mean, that's what we grew up on, right? Like, I think there are very few opportunities, like, life changing opportunities that show up. And, like, in general, not. Not for particular people, but, you know, the life changing opportunity is, you know, in people that are older than us may have been like, you know, the Internet and web two, but I think our opportunity, we were just a little bit. I think we were just a little bit older when the opportunity came up, because I don't think there was an opportunity. It's not like we missed out on anything when we were 20 years old. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker A: Yeah, but, I mean, I could have been an entrepreneur then, and I wasn't. Right? Like, I was.
Speaker B: I don't know, I feel like that was the same. I feel it's. That was the same kind of, like, you know, rise and grind kind of bullshit, like work your nine to five, like, regular, you know what I mean? Like, it wasn't an opportunity. Like, you. You really. I don't know, I just feel web three was an opportunity that we all seized. Like, I was. I was in my thirties. You were in your thirties or late twenties, and some people just happened to be, like, 17 you know?
Speaker A: Yeah, I wish I happened to be 17, I guess.
Speaker B: I agree. I wish I happened to be 17 also. But we did seize it. We did seize the opportunity regardless of age. That's good.
Speaker A: Yeah. So, mister House, don't be so hard on yourself. You could be turning 40 tomorrow and still not, you know, and still not successful. And all you have, here's my rebuttal to that.
Speaker C: Just real quick chamber. Do you have, do you have arthritis in both knees?
Speaker B: I do not. I do not.
Speaker C: Okay, cool. I'm 23, I have that. So there's something to feel better about.
Speaker A: Turning 40.
Speaker B: That's rough.
Speaker A: Well, you know, chambers about to turn 40 and all he has to show is this shitty podcast. So a legacy. Print the t shirts, hours and hours of nonsense content. Just that. That's what you're, you know, our slogans will be on your tombstone and. Yeah. Des, how do you feel about the pseudo anonymity in the space and are you kind of pro, like, do you wish these people would dox ahead of time? How do you feel about it?
Speaker B: That's.
Speaker C: Man, that's a good, that's a good question. I mean, obviously I was doxxed prior to founding goats and I think that helped a little bit, gain trust in the process. So I've always kind of skewed that way of like founders should docs before. But you've seen a lot of great projects and companies be built out of this kind of pseudo anonymity. And, you know, I guess the one thing there, right, is they have to build, like you said, they have to build a product that stands on its own and not the name before. And then, and then they can release the name with everything going on right now with Moonbirds and just the attention Kro is getting in the name that he carries into his projects. And that's originally a big reason why people bought in. It's an interesting conversation to have. I think there's arguments on both sides of it.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think it depends on if you're already a big name or not. Right. Like if you were, you know, in the case of moonbirds, which is a great transition to our next topic. By the way, the. In that case, like, K Row's name sold the project. Right? Like there, there was, you know, but not everybody is afforded that opportunity. Right? Like, you actually have to show out first in most situations. Right. So I definitely think it's, it's a fascinating thing to think about, but it's always kind of been that way in this space, like chamber. I mean, we have our bunch, you and chamber handles, because when we got into the space in 2017, like, nobody uses their real names, not a single person. And if you did, you were a weirdo. And, like, it used to be a weird thing for you to use your own image as a profile picture or anything that looked like your actual face as a profile picture. And, you know, those people kind of were on the outside of it all.
Speaker B: Pomp was like, I was trying to.
Speaker A: Think, like, who was like, yeah, pomp. Luke Martin as like the trader and. But, but like, it was never like, nobody doxed right at that time. And it was really interesting. And now you're seeing more and more people do it as the stuff gets more mainstream and I think less underground to an extent, but it's a really interesting thing. But next we were going to bring up the Moonbirds council announcement. So moonbirds tweeted yesterday or at midnight, I guess, which moonbirds best represent the voice of the community. Tell us who your champions are, find out more. And then they link to the discord. So all of the chatters that they are going to be kind of forming this community council and you can nominate folks. And we were talking on coffee with Captain earlier about what kind of people should be nominated for something like this. Des, as a project founder yourself, what are your thoughts on these community councils? Are, is it something you'd ever considered for goats? And what do you think the pros and cons are here?
Speaker C: Yeah, no, I like it. In general, I think they're using this as a maybe of a band aid of a situation, kind of reactionary, which I'm not a fan of, that kind of being like, don't worry, guys, we're creating a council, which is kind of how it's coming off. But in general, I like the idea of councils. I've always valued getting input from the community on making decisions. So a formalized council is a good thing. It came up on spaces I was hosting yesterday for goats specifically, and I do think there's a lot of merit and value that can come from it. I think the conversation that happened yesterday where we went to is my worry about councils is, you know, just because the council submits something or agrees upon something doesn't necessarily mean that the project can, can accomplish it, right. There has to be realistic expectations, there has to be limitations in constraints set around what can be done. And the thing goes both ways. The community has to realize that just because the council submits something doesn't mean it's going to happen. So, you know, my biggest worry about councils are that they have unrealistic expectations. But the, you know, I think the pros definitely outweigh the, it's interesting about.
Speaker A: It seeming like a reactionary thing and I feel like moonbirds is kind of in this spot often. Unfortunately. I don't know. Did any of you guys either chamber or Des or either of us? Anybody on stage? Mister House v squared, Steve, did any of you guys catch Cairo on that spaces he popped into randomly the other night when they were fighting moonbirds to the ground and he just kind of popped in and then everybody was asking him questions. Anybody catch that?
Speaker B: I didn't get happened here.
Speaker A: Maybe, maybe. I'm not sure if we want that. But the, I mean there was like 1400 people in the room like all of a sudden, so it was definitely a draw. The, you know, I don't know, I was listening to him talk and it just seemed to me like there, there really hasn't, like there's no clear plan. Wasn't, wasn't a clear plan for him from him. And I also felt like, you know, when he's explaining the CCO stuff and he just kind of goes, yeah, my bad, like, okay, well you know, maybe you should have put a council together then, right? Like, or right after that, you know, and I, like, he also kind of just described a lot of what felt to me like, yeah, I need to be more involved is kind of the vibe I got and I was, I was kind of taken aback by that a little bit and I don't know. So I hope that they can put a good council together. I think they have the folks in the community to do so. And then, and if they do, I hope, I hope they all take it seriously because I think they, you know, a council could potentially turn this thing around for them and at least give the community the voice that it feels like they a lot of times do not have in that specific project. So go ahead chamber.
Speaker B: It's over. Guys, stop. It's over.
Speaker A: Night shift. This is what you said on the night shift spaces last week about blurtainden.
Speaker B: It's over. Yeah, it's over. Sell your moon birds. I did say bad news or blow off top, which we haven't seen either. What we did see was an unprecedented, systematical just takedown of open sea. So all bets are off now with blur. And I will, I do reserve the right to change my opinion, but as of right now, it's definitely a wait and see approach with blur. But man, moonbirds, they have shown us time and time again who they are at least at the top. Wait till they relinquish the project to the community and everybody's gone. Then get back in and have all that fun you want after that. But until those people are gone, like, what are you guys doing? You just hurt yourselves over and over again. Oh, he'll be different this time, guys. I swear.
Speaker C: He really loves us.
Speaker B: It's over.
Speaker A: Oh, man. Sounds like a bad breakup chamber. It does, yeah. I mean, I don't know. I'd love to hear from Steve and Riggs both requested up at that on the moon birds topic, so I'd love to hear what they have to say about it. I know Riggs for sure has some thoughts. So, Riggs, jump in on the council topic if you're. If you're. If you're active right now. I am active right now. I was about to tweet it out and actually ask who else is active here shortly. I'm really interested to see who's here. So whether you. Whether it appears to be reactive or not at this point in Moonbird's history, it doesn't matter. Perceptions, reality. That needs to be everything that they do. They have to understand they're fighting perception. It doesn't matter what they have tried to build. It doesn't matter what they're planning to build. It only matters what they can do right this second to change the perception of where things are at. Because what Chambers said is the perception. It is absolutely what goes through. He's making jokes about it's going to be different. I can tell you. I've cried in the shower saying that, like, you know, not literally, but it's one of those things that. Did you get your owl tattoo removed yet? Man, I didn't get this owl baby, you know, it's. It's Stockholm syndrome. Oh, totally. It's one, you know, it's one of those things when you get emotionally attached to these. That's why investing in anything you're emotionally attached to is a problem. And that. That's the biggest, like, chink in the armor with nfts in general, because you get attached to this, you want to say it's an investment, but then you can't make the change to sell it because you're attached to it. So either way, that's not the point of this, really. I think the community council will be a great thing if it's done correctly. My big gripe is, again, they put something out there. I said this on coffee as well. That doesn't appear to have any clarity around what it's going to be, and it would be better to know what that's going to be. So we could actually nominate people that are going to fit the mold versus just saying this guy's a good community member. What are we going to be doing? What are we going to try to accomplish? How are we going to do it? And then we can actually select people that we feel fit that. That niche, because I think I'd be a great asset to it in my own mind. But it depends. What are we doing?
Speaker B: I don't. They don't deserve you, riggs.
Speaker A: They don't deserve you. No, I appreciate that as well. But it's. I'll tell you, Thursday, I'm so stressed out about a week from today or a week from tomorrow. Thursday is such a big day that if they don't realize their back is so against the wall, there is no backpedaling. They better come to the table Thursday with a clear, concise, tight presentation. Nobody should be talking over each other. You shouldn't have, you know, Amanda, AK, Stevie jumping in at the wrong times, who I love, by the way. I'm not banging on her. I'm just saying in past presentations, it's been so poorly done that they really need to look at this as a. Almost like an investor pitch, and they better be fucking tight. And because what Karo said the other night, first off, pissed me off. He said two things. One, about the 17 years of Runway. Nobody gives a fuck about that right this. Second, because what has it done for us lately? Stop saying that, by the way, just real quick. When I heard that, I was like, yeah, well, then throw the fucking conference. Like, you know, exactly. Take a year off that Runway and throw the fucking conference. So there was that. And then he also said, you guys should see. See all the things that we've thought about doing but haven't because they haven't met our standards. Who gives a fuck about what you've done and not executed on? We only care about what's going to work and what's going to be good. And everything you seem to do right now goes a little south or a lot south. And so Caro's got to figure out how to stop saying certain things because it comes off really poorly and it's just frustrating. So this is, I think this goes to my point, though, of, like, the vibe I got from him on that space was kind of like, oh, I'm not involved enough. Right. And that checks with me when I hear you say things like, oh, well, he needs to watch how he says things because it tells me he's not quite as informed on that stuff as he probably should be. Right? And like, you know, he's got, he had a lane with proof and like, I just don't think he was ready for the full on PFP project type of community. And it's unfortunate because like everything goes down with it at this point. So. But yeah. Did you have anything else to say there? I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt you. No, you're good. Those are all great points as well because I agree with you. And I think that what would be best is also take some of that money from that Runway, find somebody that's unbelievable in this space today that knows, don't go into your Rolodex with all your past contacts who are unbelievably smart people, but he should hire a CEO for Moonbird. Whether it's for the proof, entire proof ecosystem, I don't care. But if he's the idea guy, fine. He needs to have somebody that comes in and is an operator and can actually start to produce some things fairly quickly and that understands what a PFP, a top three PFP, which were his expectations, he said, not us. And hopefully that person can help get them there because I think you're spot on. His lane was perfect for proof collective art because he's a high collector. Like, that's what he was and that's where his hundred percent was. Right? And like, that's what he made podcasts about and that's what he collected. And it was like right in his wheelhouse and it was super high end, super elite. And, you know, I think he probably could have just wrote off into the sunset on proof collective, to be honest. But yeah, let's go to. Yeah, let's go to Steve. I'll end it with this and then kick the Steve. He went from being nFt Jesus to NFt Judas. Oh, print the t shirts. Dig it. I love it.
Speaker D: Steve, jump in a couple of things here. First, when he's describing, he's like, they need to go into web three. They need to pull in a CEO. They need to chamber for Moonbird CEO who says no.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: Number one, that would make me so happy.
Speaker A: Chamber. What would you do as your first order of business as Moonbird CEO?
Speaker B: I'd have the proof of conference. Seems like the no brainer.
Speaker D: Good answer. I was just going to say like a few things that came up this morning that are probably warranted and then I'll end kind of on a question is one you know, I got my bird cap, brought this up and I never clicked till this morning. Like, I bought my bird a lot for a lot of reasons, because I believed in the team, obviously, which is, it is a dynamite team. They have great players on them on that group, top to bottom. But I, um, I bought it for the IP and proof of conference. Well, the IP got taken away. CC zero with one of the things. Proof of conference just got taken away now. And it's like I bought in for one reason. And so for me, similar to what Riggs has said after, like, executional errors and other things like that, it's like, next Thursday is a make or break and should be a pitch because I don't like, I don't know that people like me. Like, I've noticed people who sort of defend moonbirds because they actually believe in the team. They like the team, have started to back off and get exhausted. And even the ones who are like, you know, myself, I'm like, I'm putting my sword down at this point. And it's like I'm getting to the point where it's like, similar to Riggs, like, next Thursday. It's almost like either this is going to convince me because they're re pitching, because the IP and proof of conference are gone. So they're effectively re pitching me on what moon birds are. And so for me, it's like, okay, like, I might be interested in stay or I might get off the roller coaster. And I think a lot of people are feeling that. The last thing I would say, two last things I'd say just for a chamber analogy that I think he'll appreciate is that I kept talking about how great this team is and a bunch of people were like, we trust the team. And I kind of brought up chamber. I don't know if this will resonate with you. I thought about those 2004 Lakers who got beat by the Pistons, who are absolute buns, even though they had Karl Malone. And, you know, and you know, I.
Speaker B: Heard you say that this morning. I agree. I was a big fan of that team. They were hurt most of the year. We got Karl Malone back midway through the playoffs with the rape trial. Yeah, it was too. We don't talk about that. That was pre social media. Okay, so let's not talk about that. Kobe is legendary and his background is impeccable. But, yeah, no, I don't disagree. Sometimes you can oversaturate a team with all stars and it doesn't work. You know, the Clippers just signed Russell Westbrook to add to that clipper, clipper Salad they got going on over there.
Speaker A: So flipper salad, the head coach, determines if you can make superstars play together or not. That's why Phil Jackson was so good. He was able to take superstars and make them play well together.
Speaker D: So good example, except he's actually the coach of the exact team I just mentioned that was a bunch of superstars playing together. So maybe not for this example, but I do agree with you in general on that. And, like, last question I was going to, like, throw out there to you guys because I'd love to hear your opinion on this chamber. Yours, bunch, yours, Des. Just because, I don't know, like, I appreciate the way you guys think about stuff. Like, one of the things about this council that's come up that's really interesting is I see people tagging me. I see people tagging Jack. Jack has a ute PFP. I have a board eight PFP. We are members of that community. What do you think about someone being on a community council, their first community council, and not having the PFP? And, like, I mean, holders are obviously probably going to be pissed about that, or some are. And I'm curious, your thoughts on that chamber.
Speaker A: Would you like to go first?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, do these. So obviously, you know, like yourself, you have a moonbird. As long as they have. As long as they're, you know, in the project, maybe they got a proof pass. Who gives a shit what their PFP is? And if you do, like, you're part of the problem.
Speaker A: That's interesting. I think I take somewhere in the middle on it because I would say most people are not like Steve in the sense that if they were chosen for this position, they would probably more than likely wear their moonbird. Right. It's you. You've kind of been put into this, like, honorable representative. Representative position. I think, you know, apes are probably the one. Apes and punks maybe are probably the only PFP. You wouldn't change out of principle for something like that. So, like, you know, using Jack as an example, I don't want to speak for him, but I would feel like Jack being part of the council would be an honor for him, and he would probably wear his moon bird if he was part of the council. Now, Steve, on the other hand, who's hashtag asking for a friend, he wouldn't change his. He wouldn't change his PFP. And I. But I don't know. It depends on how they would present you. Right? Like, Steve, if you were in the discord and you were announced as a council member, you'd probably use your moon bird as the announcement. However, you'd wear it publicly as your ape. And I'm not sure I care too much about that, but definitely people would, right? So I don't know. It's a weird middle ground for me. Des, do you have an opinion one way or another on that?
Speaker C: This used to come up all the time originally when we were selecting mods and different things like that for the ghost community. I never really had a huge problem with it if they weren't rocking a goat PFP on Twitter. When I remember the day discord started allowing pfps for your own channels and that solved that issue. But, you know, it was never really a big problem for me. But the community cared a lot. You know, they looked at it as like, no, he, they, you know, he or she absolutely has to have a go PFP to. To be involved, even more so than I, you know, cared. But, yeah, I just. I think, you know, people have right to kind of whatever Persona they're feeling, whatever project they're wanting on their PFP, to have it in the moment. I mean, I know a lot of people have built brands like Steve around a singular PFP, but then a lot of people do, you know, change and switch around. And I think that's okay.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's an interesting take. I definitely think the community will care more than the people running it. Right. But because my thought would be, you know, if I'm in the community, I see this happen and I'm like, oh, well, I would have done that. And I represent the community everywhere I go. Right. Like. And so I can see there why those feelings would be there for sure. Let's go.
Speaker B: I was gonna say, before we switch topics here, my question is, is it, do you even want to be like, I feel like there's a stain on your if.
Speaker D: Well, that.
Speaker A: That's.
Speaker D: I'm not. I really, truly am not talking about me. It was more.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And I'm just saying in general. I'm just saying. Okay, yeah, it's not all about you, Steve. Okay. I'm just saying general.
Speaker A: Well, like, well, for exit, it came.
Speaker B: To you probably, would you turn it down?
Speaker A: Probably change.
Speaker B: No, I'm saying, would you accept it?
Speaker A: Turn it down. Well, what I don't say did.
Speaker B: Would you? The way everything's been happened, like, you know, the last whatever few months of proof and moon birds and they say, you know what, bonds, we want you to do it.
Speaker D: Compensation is a hundred thousand dollars for a year.
Speaker B: But we talk about money.
Speaker A: I wouldn't, I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it because, well, personally I don't have the bandwidth for it. How, if I had the bandwidth for it, I would probably do it, but I don't. And, but I think that if you're approached for it and you're nominated for it, you're likely to, like, it would have to be a, I really just don't have the bandwidth for it to turn it down because, you know, if you're still holding at this point, if you're, if you're diamond nested, if this, that the other, you know, you're bought in. Right. And like you, if you're a true part of the community, right. If you're being nominated for this, you're probably seen as somebody who is really involved and really cares about the community and you would find it an honor to be part of a group that can kind of help change the narrative about a project you love. So I think most people would accept if offered as long as they had the bandwidth. And so, like, but even for me, right, if I had a moonbird and I'm rocking my ute and I was named and accepted, I'd probably change my profile.
Speaker B: I mean, that makes sense. Like, I understand why somebody would because, yeah, it just makes sense, right. Like you're excited to be a part of the team, you know? Yeah, I get that. But to get upset, like, if you're like, I mean, I guess it's a community. These people can't be trusted with anything, to be honest.
Speaker A: So let's go. Let's go to Joe, then boots, then Eric, then Anthony. Yeah. So before I say my thing, I wanted to ask Chamber. I actually want to answer for chamber. Chamber. 60 days as the Moonbird CEO would begin with him buying the former CEO's mansion in southern California and then getting a set of courtside laker season tickets. It's a very nice car. And then he would probably be fired for spending all that money.
Speaker D: No, Chambers timeline. That would be like the best utility I've gotten from my burb right there. It's like just watching chambers timeline as he does that.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. But he would totally be like, this is amazing. Buy the house, buy the Laker tickets, buy a nice car. Because it's Southern California chamber. You need to get places. We don't use yaks and whatever you guys use in camp and then move and he would be replaced. But no, I was, I was going to ask this basically of Riggs and Steve but like setting, setting aside you, you're going to get put onto this, this council. I would highly suggest that anybody who gets on there, especially if there's somebody who I consider a friend to a demand message autonomy, okay? Because you want that council to be messaging to the community, not to be messaging to Kevin, who then takes your message and delivers it to the community. Okay. Because there's always been a problem, not just with Kevin Web three, but with Kevin Web two with the messaging. And the second thing I would say is if you were put on there, demand some sort of counsel from a legal firm that is not controlled by proof or moonbirds. They pay for it, they got the money. But you guys, what he's done in Web two is very slickly blamed the next guy for what happened and exited with his money and went over there. So just to protect your reputations in web three, because it's a small, vocal and ignorant community, you need to kind of demand a few things so that you can get out of there without having the blame dumped in your lap. And I'm done talking. Fascinating, Joe. I am hoping that chamber gets the numbered CEO, just so I could see the timeline. But you make a nice bunch. You make a couple good points, though, about, I think the communication flow from council to leadership and out is interesting to think about. That's something that really hadn't crossed my mind, but I think is really interesting. Right. Because, you know, you have a chance to represent the community or get all of your ideas taken credit for by Kevin and kind of make up for the, for the sins of the father. Right? Like so that's, that's fascinating and interesting. I'd be wondering. I'd be interested to see how that goes when the council is, is announced. Boots, what's going on, buddy? What's up, Bunch?
Speaker C: Chamber des, appreciate you guys calling me up. Poignant conversation from everyone that's spoken, and thanks for all the thoughts. I wrote down a couple quick things and I'm going to try to be fast, which I always try to do because not everyone wants to hear me talk, and I don't blame them because I talk all the time. Number one, all this stuff about community, it really doesn't matter whether you have a moonbirds PFP or don't have a moonbirds PFP. Honestly, it really doesn't fucking matter because right now, moonbirds is shifting the focus away from the reality that they don't have anything. So let's get through the forest and see the trees that are out there. If you kind of think about what this community council will do. To be honest, guys, again, who gives a shit? We're about a year into this project that these guys launched, and as Joe has pointed out on his timeline, they have tens of millions of dollars and haven't accomplished anything other than continually eroding their holders value through a ridiculous series of decisions again and again and again, without any sort of, without any sort of reasoning or logic on the team's end as to why they've done it. And I'm not going to harp on CC Zero, but it was just a cascading effect from Ryan Carson leaving Cc zero. This issue with oddities now, this issue with proof. If I'm sitting here and I'm a holder, which, full disclosure, I'm no longer a moonbird holder, I don't hold an oddity. I'm out of the ecosystem. My thought process was, this isn't a team I can associate myself with anymore because they're not transparent enough for me, but they haven't built anything. And I think that's kind of what I want to get to as a main point they're talking about again. And Kevin Ruz has been doing this this entire duration of the project. Hey, we're building something amazing. Something awesome is coming. Stick with me for ten more days, guys. This is the full definition of Stockholm syndrome. Their holders in the community are just abused and battered. People that are just hanging on hope that next Thursday, or whatever the day is, ten days from now, something is going to come out from this team that is going to spike this project again. And the reality is they don't have anything, guys. And that's, I think, something that people need to understand and get through their heads. Sure, they have a war chest, but their war chest doesn't hold any value. If you don't know how to come up with a roadmap, or you don't know how to come up with some type of project that's going to create value in the outside ecosystem for your holders. There's nothing there. High rise is something that I think they've admitted secretly is a failure. So at this point, they're kind of a directionless chain. And until, to everyone's point, the team that's up there steps down and gets out of the way and maybe brings in some people that understand direction and can lead an organization that's pretty cash heavy. I think they're just going to continue to flop. I'm done talking.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think awesome points. I think, you know, the Stockholm syndrome thing, I think, is interesting, because what ends up happening in these communities is you value the people inside them more than you value the leadership at times when things go wrong like this.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: And it's like you get the people that are in the community, you kind of feel like you're in it together and everybody sticks around maybe longer than they even should. Right. And you almost feel pot committed at some point. And it takes. It's hard to kind of say, all right, I've had enough. And especially when you've seen, like, I think part of the thing with. With moonbirds is, like, we've seen them hit 40 eth, and there's this, like, fallacy that you've seen, like, that. That. Oh, well, because it did that once, it could do it again. It just needs the next thing. It just needs a little more. Just needs this. And I. That's definitely a fallacy. And. But, but. And, like, they've got the mechanic that makes it enticing, right. This nesting thing and, like, short supply thing. And it kind of is a. It's a mind trick sometimes with that stuff. And so I'm with you, boots, and good, good points. I personally, I mean, I once had five movers. Like, I was all in, and I now hold zero. And I actually just. Full transparency and candidness. I sold mine after I actually got a conversation with the team, and I felt like that there was no true north, there was no plan, and, like, I don't know if they knew what their identity was at that point. And I didn't feel comfortable, and I sold. And so, you know, I. It's. It's a tough decision to make, but I'm totally with you there, boots, so let's go, Anthony. And then GT and then we'll wrap it up.
Speaker C: Sup, guys? I'm not coming up to talk about egg prices, I promise.
Speaker A: Oh, man. I was. I. We didn't even get there. We had a good conversation, but I wanted to get to the egg chicken feed. Transparency, the OR, uh, conspiracy theory tonight chamber.
Speaker C: Start researching it. Next show there.
Speaker B: I'm on it already. I already started.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker C: So this is my thoughts on the thing because I heard a lot of people talking about this whole council thing, right. To me, this council feels like the biggest scapegoat that's about to march into the front lines of battle and about to just take bullets on behalf of this team while the rest of the team kind of sits back and has no idea what they're doing. Like, that's what it genuinely feels like to me, like, I look at, like, because everybody brings up, like they brought the ape council right board, ape Yacht club was on the rise. It was strong. Like it had a good holder base. People were not flipping out left and right, you know, like this. Like these teams just made every single bad decision. Now they made missteps. Like there. People are upset. But the way that, like, moonbirds as a project has been treated is like, like there's nothing like much good to say about it. To bring in holders and your community as if they're the saving grace of this project feels just so misleading and you're literally just setting them up for failure. If you're asking them to come in and bring. Are you coming in to bring new ideas? Are you coming in to say yes or no to what's happening? I don't understand what we're enabling them to do because if they need new ideas, everybody talks about this amazing team they hired. Go to you, this amazing team that you hired, and get new ideas. Like, you have plenty of money to execute it. So I'm. It just feels like we're set. Like people are being set up for failure. And to Joe's point, like, I'm kind of scared for them to like, put their name on it. Like, oh, I'm part of this council. And then all of a sudden, like, nothing happens and people are like, oh, well, what did you do?
Speaker B: Well, what I'm talking about, this is exactly what I'm talking about. Like, I would not. If they asked me if they said if they dm me, Carol gets in my DM's like he's, you know, he does once in a while, but for other reasons, you know, and asks me directly. I don't think I'm put my name on anything to do with that project. Like, as much as.
Speaker D: Would you do it for payment? For like, money?
Speaker B: Honestly? Yes, I would do it for payments.
Speaker D: Yeah, I was gonna say if they offer you a hundred thousand dollars.
Speaker A: But.
Speaker C: As an employee of the company, as a paid employee of the company, you should feel like you are part of creating the direction. It's a different take than being a community council. Like, it's a different label at that point. Then call it. You're an employee of proof or your employee of whatever, moonbirds or whatever.
Speaker B: Absolutely.
Speaker C: It's different.
Speaker B: If. If proof wants to give me 250 grand a year to do something for them, I'm absolutely gonna do it. But that's me. I'm a piece of shit. No, it's not gonna happen. And I'm a piece of shit that's just here for the money. So I understand like most people, but if you are, I just can't imagine somebody that wants to build their reputation within web three would put their name on proof as much as, you know, I mean, I guess, you know, to bunches point, he was mentioned earlier, there's like just a huge like ride or die community member. I mean, you've already, you've already drank like a gallon of Kool Aid. So like, I mean, they're in, but anybody, like I said, like anybody kind of not in that position of like, you know, just ride or die moon birds holder that happens to own one, you know, I'll say, Steve, we'll make it about you for a sec. Steve, like a guy like you, like, I would be super hesitant to put my name on that. And you know, riggs, you know, riggs is.
Speaker A: Would you do it, Steve?
Speaker D: Probably not. Like, I wouldn't say 100% no, but it's not, and it's not for all the reasons everybody's saying I'm similar to you. It's at the very least a bandwidth issue. I don't have the same egregious feelings a lot of other people have. I also think there are ways to manage it potentially, but I don't think it's probably more of a bandwidth issue with me than honestly anything bunch at sort of similar to you.
Speaker A: Riggs, would you do it? Yeah, I mean, I'd probably do it. Yeah. Okay. So it's, I think it's fascinating if.
Speaker C: I could just like finish my point. So what I was going to say was like, it feels very similar to like activist investing, right? Like where people nowadays, it's all about like ESG, right? Like, oh, how do I get involved with this company and make them a better company for overall? Right? Like that's what it kind of starting to feel like. But then at the same time I hear everybody saying, well, why do I love, why do I love moonbirds for the community? So are you trying to be an active investor to pump your bags or do you really care about the community? And that's where I'm starting to hear like both sides of the coin and people start to be a little hypocritical because if it isn't at the end of the day about the community, I love what Boots said before. Just like, everybody get together. Like, you know, who's in the community, just get together and do stuff together. Like drop another token to all moonbirds holders and run a community led project. If that's what this is turning into and get. And kick those guys out.
Speaker B: It's just.
Speaker C: It's just so many, like, weird things that are happening. I just hope that everybody, like, makes out and doesn't, like, you know, follow this thing into the ground.
Speaker A: Yeah, super interesting. Thanks for that, though. I think you're spot on with a lot of that. Let's go to gt and then Eric. And then we got to close this bad boy down. Oh, man.
Speaker B: I had a joke chamber.
Speaker A: Said something to crazy that I was.
Speaker B: Just gonna vibe on, but listen, I don't know, man. I just feel like there's gotta be a meme of somebody just getting, like, somebody stabbing, like, one of those fluffy things and just keep stabbing. It just. It's just like, what the.
Speaker A: It's already dead meme.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's like, I'm just fucking over here. And I talked to Joe about this a lot, but, like, just mind blown at the. Just the things, like, the actions that they especially carol, but, like, do and how out of touch they are. And I feel like it's just so mind blowing. They have so much money. And then they came out and they were like, we can operate for 17 years. And I was like, why the fuck in a thousand million years would you fucking tell anybody that after canceling that event? And so I just, like, I honestly, I. Man, I said this the other day. I think we're in the fucking Twilight zone because I don't know what the fuck is going on. I told Joe, give me $750,000 and I will fucking. I don't know, but it's like. I think a lot of people are like that. Not just me. I'm not just special, but I'm saying, like, it's just confusing. I think I'm just, like, confused at what the fuck is actually going on. And I feel so bad for Moonbird soldiers because they're just getting absolutely just fucked with. And I would definitely not be on that council. No fucking way.
Speaker A: We. Yeah, we make djet run on breadcrumbs, our runways.
Speaker B: We counted in days.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker B: No bullshit.
Speaker C: I was.
Speaker B: I was interviewing someone on my podcast anyways. They were. They had a successful podcast. They were like, I was getting three to 5000 an episode. I know, but I almost shit my pants 1500. And the production on this podcast is going through the fucking roof. So that's just, like, the think the. I don't know, like, whether the communication is terrible. Like, definitely Caro's not that good at communicating. It's a parent. I think he needs to work on that. He probably is, but it's just like, what are you. What are you doing? You just need to be more in touch with what's going on.
Speaker A: I've got a wonderful podcast set up right in my parents basement, and it's. It's. It's a budget. It's a budget setup. But right in my mom's basement, I can record any podcast I want. And this is, that's how we, we make this, this train run. So let's go to Eric for the last word, and then we'll shut it down.
Speaker C: That's made me laugh. Chamberlain. We can make this show run on breadcrumbs.
Speaker B: That's.
Speaker C: I think that's the true piece, right? It's like, it just goes to show you, like, money can't buy you the perspective of, like, the, like, the web. Three actual user. I did want to say, though, it didn't make any sense on the booking, not being able to sell out the event, because, I mean, this is a guy who's connected to Gary Vee, which is arguably one of the masters at putting on events. So just literally write a check to whatever group he used and. And try and run with it, right? And so I think event planning is pretty much like any corporate company that has a budget for throwing a conference, hires and outsources the ability to sell those tickets to sponsors that find value and do that. Right. It's, it's, it's. It's a matter of just executing on it. And so as far as like, the potential of becoming a council member, I think one of the problem things that anyone who's considering it should really look at is if you're gonna put your name on it, you actually have to feel like you can execute and make a difference, right? You're not just gonna be there every Monday, spitballing ideas, doing the hoorah, circle jerk, and then right comes Friday and nothing gets done. Right, because it's like you already, you're gonna have enough people like, not really step up, but if you, if you bring out a bunch of killers that actually you convinced they can make a difference and then you make them spin their tires, right? Like I think somebody said you're just going to run this into the ground, right? It's just almost going to accelerate that, right? Because you're going to get a bunch of people that would be advocates, but in reality, you're just trying to kind of pawn off responsibility on them. And if the ship goes down, well, you know, at the end of the day, we did what the community wanted and the community, you know, it failed anyway. And so that's just something I'd be wary of just because of the type of execution thus far for it.
Speaker A: But it's just so wild to hear, like, you know, what in forget who said it. It was might have been Anthony who said it, but, like, when they did the ape coin, when they did the ape council, the perception of that announcement versus this and just like, how much at that point in time and, like, when. And your intention behind these things matters, right? And it's like, I mean, we're all sitting here and if this was, if this was done, I would even say if this was announced after the Cc zero thing, which was kind of the first, you know, blow up, I would say that the, the perception of this would have been totally different. You'd have been like, okay, well, you know, they made a mistake, they're learning, and now it's five mistakes later. And, and it feels like a band aid type of thing, to your point, Eric. And, like, I. So it's just crazy that, you know, the intentionality and stuff is, and timing is important and it's not a fix all. It's not a, it's not a, you know, it's. It's a band aid and we'll see what happens. But, you know, I don't know. I kind of want to see what Steve does when he's not, when he's clearly going to be nominated for the council. We'll see, but. All right, let's wrap up. Before we do, though, check out up top. If you've enjoyed our conversation today, set your reminders for Friday. We will be having a guest while Franklin Fitch from parallel alpha talking all things parallel and just reminiscing and shooting it with us on Friday. So set those reminders up top. Check out the NFT night shift on the DJ network. Handle spaces tonight at 08:30 p.m. eastern time. I can guarantee you there will be some alpha dropped over there. These guys are some of the sharpest traders in the space, so you'll want to check that out.
Speaker B: If you're looking for lobbying for his council position.
Speaker A: Yes. Amazing. And that's, that's about it. We've got a lot of good stuff going on with Djen, and if we don't hear from you tomorrow, if you don't hear from us tomorrow, make sure you wish chamber a very happy birthday. Turning 40 years old tomorrow. So hit him, Ross. And, yeah, give it. Send him. Send him some feet pics. And yeah, only for his birthday. It's my birthday.
Speaker B: It's just your feet. Come on.
Speaker C: Not a big.
Speaker A: You can also send them some feet pics via an NFT.
Speaker B: Even better.
Speaker A: If you own any feet. That's for life. Last. Yeah, he definitely is going to. And he'll be riding.
Speaker B: Oh, I'll be riding.
Speaker A: All right. And Vicki says, let's create a fud council. I think that's what we did today, so I think we've got that covered. Otherwise, check out night shift tonight, coffee with Captain tomorrow morning, and another full day of awesome djing content. So until next time, stay mint.
