Speaker A: What are you getting? Botox?
Speaker B: I was thinking maybe just some. I don't want. I don't want butthole eyes, as the kids call them.
Speaker A: I'm sorry, did you just say you were getting Botox in your butthole?
Speaker B: No, no, no. Not on my butthole. On my butt hole eyes. You know, when you get, like, bags under your eyes? I've heard them referred to as butthole eyes, which I think is very.
Speaker A: Okay, we're not talking, so hold on, just to be clear, we're talking about your eyes that are on your face and not your butthole. The eye of the both are brown.
Speaker B: But the one on my head, one.
Speaker A: Of mine are hazel. And I will let you guess which one.
Speaker B: I don't even want to guess. I just want to hope it's the other one.
Speaker A: Hello, and welcome to the mid mic crisis, where growing up meets goofing off. I am Bunshu alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, Chamber. Chamber. I mean, we got a lot to talk about here today. Specifically, I want to know what you're getting Botox on, and we go from there. I'm actually kind of at a loss here. Oh, you did. Look at you. Look what you did here. I was. I was looking at our little show notes, ready to do my little normal read, and I looked at it and I'm like, huh, this looks different. And you actually put out the schedule for me. If it was rather. Whether it was you or pain.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, it was definitely me. It was totally me that it was.
Speaker A: Thanks for doing this pain. So don't forget, before we get started, little housekeeping. It's what is today? Monday? Today is Monday. So we have a ton of awesome degen content coming at you. We've got tonight Degen bets, actually at a different time today. I believe I posted it up top, and I believe it is at 06:00 p.m. normally at 07:00 p.m. but we have a Monday night football doubleheader tonight, so games start at seven rather than eight today. So J web crushing those DJ bets shows early today. So DJ bets at 06:00. So an hour after this show ends, you can head over there, hear about all the football content we've got going on. I think Riggs is going to co host with them tonight because I can't make it because it is the day of my wife's birth, so I like to stay married. So I'm going to do that instead of talk football with J web. Uh, then after that, 11:00 p.m. eastern. We have night shift on our YouTube and Twitter as well. Tomorrow morning, CWC at 08:00 a.m. and alpha afternoons at 02:00 p.m. eastern. Don't forget, give us a, like a retweet. Subscribe, bookmark chat bubble. Rate review chat bubble. Quick question of the day for the chat bubble. Oh, so I think I glitched.
Speaker B: No, you're good.
Speaker A: Oh, I just kept reading, chat bubble. Pump that chat bubble. It just says in bold. So quick question of the day for the chat bubble is should chamber get Botox? And where should he be getting botox? That is our quick question of the day. Put your thoughts in the bubble below. And that's about it. I think we've got the rest of the shows lined up, up top for the week. So you can see I kind of got a. I got a. Would you rather. For. For the chat bubble? Oh, you do? Let's do that.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: Would you rather be able to talk to dead people or visit with aliens? Oh, this is interesting. Dead people or aliens? There's a lot of alien talk going on lately. Last week, more alien stuff with the unboxing of those to aliens that turned out to just be cake. Did you that meme that one? That was great. That was great. Are you familiar with the show the.
Speaker B: Cake cake or not? I don't know what it's called.
Speaker A: Yeah, with Mikey day, with Mike day, or whatever. And yeah, that show is awful.
Speaker B: I love cake, though. That being said, big, broken, got to eat.
Speaker A: I got to eat a lot of cake yesterday, and I'll get some leftover cake today because it is my wife's birthday. Uh, so I'll get to enjoy some more cake.
Speaker B: Where do you go for birthday cake? Like, do you guys have a go to birthday cake spot?
Speaker A: We do, actually. There's a, um, a bakery over here by our house a couple moments from where we live. It's called the Holland american bakery, and it is a very, very good bakery.
Speaker B: Like a dutch bakery.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. And my wife has been going there for years and years and years, ever since she was a kid, and now we live kind of right by it. So that is our go to. Uh, and it is phenomenal.
Speaker B: That's fantastic. Everybody should have a. Like, we have, uh, almost the same thing. Uh, we have a bakery. Uh, it's in a different town. I actually have to drive, like, 40 minutes, uh, to get the birthday cake for the day. Um, but no, we. Yeah, birthday cake. You need to dial that in because a shitty birthday cake or even just a bland birthday cake can really ruin the day.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: I mean, there's a lot that goes into making a fantastic birthday cake. And like, if you get a really good cake, it makes your birthday so much better. And so I agree, this cake was very good. I ate two pieces yesterday and I'll be going back for more today. Just some notes from the chat bubble. J web says Botox is also used to help people with frequent, frequent migraines. Did you know that?
Speaker B: I did not know that. I'm one of the lucky ones that I like. I never get headaches or migraines or anything.
Speaker A: What a humble brag that is.
Speaker B: No, when I hear people complaining about headaches and migraines, it's like I just.
Speaker A: You'Re just like, yeah, like what the.
Speaker B: Like, are you that, like, are you just whining? Basically, I just assume that they're just.
Speaker A: Oh, you are just the worst. You're the worst.
Speaker B: Wow. I've, I've been accused of that. This is, it wouldn't be the first time.
Speaker A: All right, so J Webb says migraines also used for Botox. Drew says, sorry, michael at Michael Rappaport says, visit with aliens. Who the hell wants to talk to dead people? Croc says GM phone repair enthusiasts. I'm not sure I understand that's coming from war room. Chat room was, was very much revolved around iPhone repair. Thanks to cap today. I haven't been in there much this afternoon, unfortunately. I was. Oh yeah. 1st 1st message something about Samsung. There you go. Wow, there's a lot of phone chat going on here. I am not engaging with it. So moving on. The, that's the, that's, that's what's going on in the chat bubble. We have a request and chamber. This request has been brewing for hours. Our buddy Ryland, who's a friend of the show, hit us up in the war room and said that he, it's, he's finally gotten some time to catch up on the new format and he wanted to come up and give us his opinion on what we're doing these days. And he caveated that with, if I can answer the trivia question right first. So chamber trivia away.
Speaker B: I also feel Ryland is one of the rare ones that I believe listened to the show via podcast and has come to the spaces from there. Am I my wrong there, Ryland?
Speaker C: No, that's right. I represent all asynchronous listeners here pretty, pretty religiously, I'd say. I mean, it's part of my normal. So I think I probably heard every show back to, I don't know, mid bowl. But I do think you might be missing an opportunity with the trivia. But let me have it first. I love it, and if I get it wrong, I'll come back out and try again.
Speaker B: All right, Ryland, the categories are arts, science, entertainment, history, general knowledge, or geography.
Speaker C: All right, I think I'm going to be a trailblazer and be the first mid mic trivia on geography.
Speaker B: I love it. See, that's where I'd be going all the time.
Speaker A: Okay, where is chamber's favorite bakery?
Speaker B: I have a couple on my list here. All right, I'm going to go with this one here. I'm trying to figure out the pronunciation of this one. What nation's legislative body is named the Eduskunta? Eduskunta. E d u s k u n.
Speaker A: T a. Jesus, what did you do to him?
Speaker B: Or. Okay, you know what? I'm gonna give you the other job option.
Speaker C: Name all seven oceans.
Speaker B: No, unfortunately, not Catalina. Or, pardon me? Not Catalina. Catalonia is a region of what country? Catalonia, Spain. Okay. And that is correct.
Speaker C: What is the edescunta?
Speaker B: The edescunta is Finland. It's the legislative body of Finland.
Speaker A: Obviously renamed from the Farage operation in the 19 hundreds. Yes. All right, Ryland, so tell us where we're missing the opportunity with trivia. And overall, how are you enjoying the new format?
Speaker C: Well, the trivia side of things, I think you should have an option for mid mic crisis trivia or dating back to the old shows, the mint condition trivia. So that if you have. If you want to. If you want to get up and talk, you got to answer a question about, you know, you guys, like, you.
Speaker B: Know, I feel like that's a recipe.
Speaker C: How many moonbirds did. Chamber mint or something like that.
Speaker A: I like that.
Speaker B: That seems like a recipe for tears, though. Like, no one's going to know anything. This is like, oh, first time listener.
Speaker A: Not only that, but I actually think it will be difficult for us to come up with trivia questions around our own show in the sense of, like, I'm not sure I've paid attention half the time, and I certainly know Chamber hasn't. So Drew says, how much paper gains did bunch you have on wolfgang? Yeah, that one. There you go. That is for sure a trivia question. The paper gains on wolf game. Dude, I'm still, like, regretting that. Do you remember that?
Speaker B: I remember it.
Speaker A: It must be, dude, if you go back and watch, because we were still. I believe we were still doing video at that time with me.
Speaker B: I think you're right.
Speaker A: And. And that episode. I mean, you could see just the pain. I was experiencing it throughout that whole hour. We're gonna have to go find it, and maybe that's probably worth clipping at some point. As for, like, revisionist, you know, history of the whole bull market and how badly I fumbled some of these bags. I mean, we're talking. We're talking, like, a lot of money that.
Speaker B: More than. More than year changing money.
Speaker A: Oh, this is, like, decade. Yeah, it was, like, decade changing money. I've heard you. I've heard you describe this or, you know, gains as you're changing money before. So, like, where is that threshold? I would. I think, like, I, you know, 20 to changing money.
Speaker B: I think that's. That's a great. That's a great range.
Speaker A: Okay, so times that by ten is probably what I fumbled over the fucking, you know, last two years. And so decade changing money, but on.
Speaker B: The cusp of life changing.
Speaker A: Oh, God, what's the. So I need to, like, sideshow Bob. Step on a break.
Speaker B: Just go. Just go down the street. Go talk to Kelsey.
Speaker A: That's right. Ryland.
Speaker C: Yes. Sorry for that super tangent, but this has been a little bit of a journey for me with this rebrand, both physical and metaphorical, because I was actually on a two week car trip with my family. I've got almost five year old, almost one year old, and my wife driving through national parks. And it was a great trip, but my routine was all thrown off, so I couldn't always be listening. But I was watching. I was watching the episode titles come up as you were putting out the new episodes, and they were like, we're calling it quits. I can't remember what it was, but it was like, what's going on? What is going on with these guys? So, I finally, on the second to last day of the leg from. I think we were at Zion, and we drove to Vegas, and I don't know if you guys have. Have done the sort of modern day car trips with the kids, where a lot of times, you know, there's discussions about what we're listening to, and, you know, sometimes you can just get the. Sometimes my five year old could just get the headphones on him and the iPad in front of him and get the earbuds in. I can just start cranking through these podcasts at 1.4 x. And it was great because I got to catch up on everything, but I had this experience of being like, no, guys, come on. Don't do that web three is the hook that got me to come find DJN and find you guys. And so how would other people find it? The beauty of the big reran. So far, though, I think the irony is you've probably talked more about web three topics with the news segments than you have in the last four or five months.
Speaker A: That is 100% accurate, by the way.
Speaker C: The big takeaway for me is you guys are energized by this, clearly, at least in the first few weeks, hopefully, that maintains. And so while I was skeptical by the beginning of the day, by lunchtime, I was fully on board. And I think, so far so good. So keep it up. Maybe some more dad topics we can talk about.
Speaker A: Car trips and stuff we like. Dad topics. Appreciate the thought and sentiment there, Riley. I think you're, you're totally spot on, though, of like, it's not, and we never wanted to get away totally from, like, web three and AI stuff that we're interested in. I think there's like, when the show is supposed to be all about that and commenting on that, and it's like, does it match what we're, what we actually do? And I think the answer was no, because we're some, we're, we're mostly somewhere in between. We're like, you know, we're, I would say we're hobbyists, or we speak like hobbyists, not experts. And, and, you know, going through news headlines and commenting in the way that we do is much different than, I think, like, what is deserving of a full on web three branded show. Would you agree, Chamber?
Speaker B: Absolutely. I mean, I think our experience is very similar to a lot of people in our, you know, in our generation. I think. I think it resonates with a lot of people from, you know, 25 to 40 years old. And they're not only into web three stuff, they're into, you know, they're there like, a lot of us are having families or getting married or whatever, and they're going through a bunch of different things. So I think it's more representative of what we're talking about. And I think it also mirrors, I think, the listeners a lot more, too.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, overall, I think this is going well. I think, Ryan, you hit the nail on the head. It's the re energized nature of the show. And I think, quite honestly, like, the freedom to kind of go wherever we want. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: We don't have the shackles of NFT, of an NFT podcast.
Speaker C: Right?
Speaker A: We are not, we are not under the burden of customer demand.
Speaker C: I am curious how many of the people who are the sort of everyday spaces, or maybe the once or twice a week spaces, do they listen to the podcast for the days they don't make it, is they're like, I think I have this. I mentioned asynchronous, and it's kind of why I'm pretty bad at Discord, too. I feel like this compulsion to always be caught up, and there's like, forget about trying to always be caught up on discord. And it's kind of the same way with, with any of this, you know, synchronous media. So be curious, those differences.
Speaker A: You make a good point. I think, actually, part of the whole thing that we do here on this show, though, lends itself much more to podcasts and listening later and being asynchronous, rather than, you know, you have to be here during the conversation where. Cause I think there's plenty of shows that are awesome in that format. But I think you're right. Like, we even just at DJ and we talk about this all the time, is like, how many of our shows are podcast worthy versus not where you're talking news of the day, topic of the day all the time. And if you are not there at the time of that conversation is, there's a good chance it passes you by. Right? So, like, you know, even with Djem bets, which we're doing for football, we're, you know, our Monday and Thursday show are kind of evergreen enough that you could catch up throughout the week. So we want to put those out of podcasts. The Sunday show, you have like 3 hours of window where the content is relevant. So we're not putting that out as a podcast. But I think this show totally lends itself to podcast forum because, like, that's where we started. Rect was just a podcast. No video, no spaces. Then TMC was video and podcast, and then, then we turned everything over to spaces. And I think that's part of, like, where that pressure came from, I think chamber, would you agree?
Speaker B: Yeah, no, I would agree with space. I mean, the nice thing now is doing it on spaces. It just gives us another layer of the show where, you know, we can have people like you, Ryland, come up and, and participate. There's like a participatory factor now that a lot of podcasts don't have. Like, I listen to, you know, six or seven podcasts a day, and none of them have, you know, guests. You know, they could be, you know, usual guests. And again, it always stems back to for me, at least, like the Howard Stern Show, I always loved especially that. I don't know, like the 2010s Howard Stern show with all of the, like, ancillary characters that were a part of it. I love that having. Having usual suspects come up all the time and people phoning in and the spaces allows that to happen. Right? Mister House on we can have, you know, you can have Ryland on, we can have Anthony on. And you know what I'm saying? It's. It gives you more. More dynamic, like a more Dana dynamic show, I think.
Speaker C: Yeah, we'll keep it up. Keep it up, fellas. I'll probably, you know, I like to pop in when I can here, but it's also nice to listen at 1.4 x later in the.
Speaker B: You also made my day by referencing the show titles because sometimes I put them on. I'm like, everybody's gonna love this. And I think it's literally the first time anybody's ever commented on the show title. So I appreciate it very much.
Speaker A: That's fun. Thank you very much, Rob. I appreciate you. Thank you for always listening. And on one. I'm curious, who sounds more weird on 1.4 speed, me or chamber?
Speaker B: Definitely me.
Speaker C: I will say I noticed, and maybe this is. I'm not noticing it right now, so maybe this is something to do with the podcast feed, but it did. It did seem bunch like I've noticed more of a lisp that has, like, maybe got, like, a new. A new mic or something. Has anyone else noticed that there's, like, a. Like. Like you're wearing a retainer or something sometimes?
Speaker B: Are you wearing invisalign right now?
Speaker A: No, I'm not. So maybe I'm just developing lisp. That's. Welcome to the mid mic crisis, where we're fully developing lisps at the age of 37. Awesome.
Speaker B: That's funny.
Speaker A: Truly. Midwives. Midlife crisis material right there. Thank you, Chamber. What speed do you listen to podcasts on? Because I feel like I am actually in the minority in the fact that I only listen at one x. I'm not a speed up person.
Speaker B: I'm absolutely the same. Only one x. Like, I don't. I couldn't imagine listening to it any faster. And if I hit it by accident, I immediately notice it and have to revert back.
Speaker A: Yeah. I just, like, feel like I can't actually retain the information. I wish I had a slow down option sometimes.
Speaker B: The father.
Speaker A: Yeah, right. Exactly. Dude. Did you have a talk?
Speaker B: I mean, there was a. There was a level of child that I wasn't growing up that had, like, the talk boy and, like, the. You know, what was a power wheels. Like, there was just. I just didn't get those things.
Speaker A: I cannot stop thinking about the fact that you were talking about how much you spoil your kids, and I'm noticing how much I do it, and it's, like, consuming my every thought.
Speaker B: You're gonna hate yourself in about ten years.
Speaker A: I already do. I already do hate myself. And, yeah, like, this morning, mom's birthday, we went and got her a Starbucks, and, you know, he got a chocolate chip cookie for breakfast because that's how it rolls. Because there you go. So he had a chocolate chip cookie for breakfast, and I was driving home thinking, I hate myself. I'm the worst father.
Speaker B: The way I would reason it to myself is they would just be at home eating toast with Nutella on it. So what's really the difference, you know?
Speaker A: That a good. That's a good point. Chamber. We have a. We do have another request.
Speaker B: Let me get the trivia up.
Speaker A: We have requests. And then we'll go back to regularly scheduled programming. First time listener, Des. Welcome.
Speaker D: Give me my thing. I mean, the trivia question, please.
Speaker B: I'm glad he brought his good mic today. Would you like arts, science, entertainment, history, general knowledge, or geography?
Speaker D: Wait, is this my bad mic?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's stupid.
Speaker D: Oh, shoot.
Speaker B: That's okay. No worse than. I was listening back to one of last week's shows where Steve was on, and, I mean, I think he purposely tanked the show because it was unlistenable for, like, five minutes. So this is still not that bad.
Speaker A: I mean, Des, just incredible. That's fantastic. All right, let's keep it going. We'll wait for Des to come back. Should we get to, uh. Should we get to some news?
Speaker B: Sure.
Speaker A: The news. The news. Let's get to the news. All right, we've got at least one. I didn't go deep into the crypto news today. You put this out here. It's more of a psa than it is web three news. But friend of the show, friend of Degen, Michael Rippy, was hacked this morning. So if you do not, or if you interact with him on Twitter, make sure you're being very careful. The person who hacked him is sending. DM's trying to get you to mint things, so please, chamber, if you want to pin that one up top, that's a good one to pin. So make sure that you don't click on any minting links. Sugar town is not minting today. When you are not getting free generational wealth. So just keep that in mind and hope he gets his account back at point chamber. Did you get a DM?
Speaker B: I was about to say, I really feel bad when I don't even get the, you know, the scam DM's.
Speaker A: It's scam DM's from, like, people. We're saying, like, no, sure.
Speaker B: I should have got one. I'm a little disappointed that I didn't get one, if I'm being honest. So if anybody does want to send me a scam DM, I mean, just to make my day, that would be terrific.
Speaker A: Drew. Drew's got.
Speaker B: I feel so bad. I'm gonna be honest.
Speaker A: V squared definitely has you covered. He's out there posting them on the timeline.
Speaker B: I do want to say something to Drew, though, because I. I listen to all three shows.
Speaker A: Are we getting a public apology?
Speaker B: Yeah, because it was. I feel all three times. I mean, he did get this the question wrong. So I'm not apologizing for him not knowing what a sonic boom was, but everything else, I will apologize for thinking he was Michael Rappaport. And there was another one, too. What should I do? I just felt so bad. Long time.
Speaker A: The banning him.
Speaker B: That's right. That's what it was.
Speaker A: It does say right here in the show notes. Apologize to Drew.
Speaker B: So, Drew, I apologize. You have 1000 ghetto jail free cards when it comes to the show and coming up. And I do think you never have to answer a trivia question ever again.
Speaker A: Wow. That's a get agile free card. Usually you got to own a friend tech key for that.
Speaker B: This is when I'm being a bad friend. That's what you get.
Speaker A: Wow. That's incredible. Good for you. By the way, this is leading right into our mic of the week segment. This week's mic of the week comes to you from none other than Michael Rappaport. Michael Rapaport, congratulations. You are the mid mic crisis mike of the week.
Speaker B: I can't wait to tweet that out. I guarantee.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: I guarantee I'm going to clip this, and I bet you we get a retweet from Michael Rappaport. What do you think?
Speaker A: I think you should post the whole clip in which you apologize to drew for. For telling him he looks like Michael Rapaport first and then go right into the mic of week and see what he does. I mean, that'd be a pretty good retweet for us to score. I'm not gonna lie. Whatever your thoughts on them are, I.
Speaker B: Could see Michael Rappaport becoming a friend of the show.
Speaker A: Yeah. I'm actually also not totally convinced that Pat isn't Michael Rappaport.
Speaker B: That's a fair point.
Speaker A: Um, so I think he's already a friend of the show is basically what I'm interesting. So, you know, and let's go back to. Let's go back to. Des is looking for trivia and we can keep going.
Speaker D: Yes. And hopefully I fix my mic issues.
Speaker B: Amazing.
Speaker A: Sorry. Okay.
Speaker D: So traded in my expensive rodecaster for iPhone headphones. Sweet.
Speaker B: That's too bad. That's a real. What.
Speaker D: What are my categories?
Speaker B: Arts, science, entertainment, history, general knowledge or geography.
Speaker D: I feel pretty confident.
Speaker B: Let's go.
Speaker D: Entertainment today.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: All right. In what month were all 6.
Speaker D: May.
Speaker B: 1 Star wars films released?
Speaker D: May.
Speaker B: That's correct. Thank you.
Speaker A: What the hell? How. How. Come on. Did you guys play?
Speaker B: Was it may? Because it's May the fourth? Is that why?
Speaker A: No, because stop breathing into the mic.
Speaker D: Are you serious?
Speaker B: Mic is now too good.
Speaker A: Wait, really? It's too good?
Speaker D: Okay. That's funny.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's brutal.
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker A: Welcome to our new segment, ASmr with.
Speaker D: I was just really excited that I got that before the question was even finished.
Speaker B: I don't even know. I don't know how I got it. I mean, the only thing I can think of is we're using this website, but no. Randomized on the.
Speaker A: No. Okay. You said no. I think with the entertainment category once.
Speaker D: Once you say this, 100%.
Speaker B: It'S unbelievable. It's correct. Obviously. This is amazing. I'm at a loss. Are you out? Can you believe it, bunch?
Speaker A: Yeah, I can believe he got this. Des picked entertainment. He knows there's six Star wars movies. What? I can't. And I think intuitively, if I got that question and knew it was Star Wars, I probably would have guessed may myself just because the may. The fourth thing, like, even though that probably isn't the reason because.
Speaker B: But maybe another thing, like, maybe it.
Speaker A: Is the reason, like, that's why. That's where my head would have gone. So I would have probably guessed may anyway.
Speaker D: I think back in the seventies that George Lucas was thinking, you know, I think the.
Speaker A: No, I would have answered it like, it would have. I would have answered it because of all those things that are totally not the correct reason, but. And I would have gotten it right. Sometimes it's better to be lucky than good. I do.
Speaker D: I agree with that principle.
Speaker A: Des, did you have a comment or did you just want to hang out? And I definitely didn't want to hang out.
Speaker D: I did have a question, though. I wanted to hear your best story from your premiere night.
Speaker A: Ah, premiere Night was really fun. Let's see, what was the best story? The best story was taking a picture with Drew in which it spurred the comment that he looked like Michael Rappaport and that caused show chaos. The second best moment was, you know, hanging out with Ben Mesrick and his wife for a little bit, getting to speak to them and kind of just talk to Ben about the movie and everything that we'd done with the project and things like that, and seeing, you know, seeing what it was like to have him go through this process where it ended with, you know, him talking in front of this theater of all of his family and friends about this movie, and just kind of thinking like, oh, holy crap. We, through NFTs, got him to write a screenplay in which. In which goats is talked about.
Speaker D: There you go.
Speaker A: Thank you.
Speaker D: I appreciate it.
Speaker A: Which is pretty epic. Well, I mean, tell me what you thought when you saw that first thing.
Speaker D: I did open that screenplay, control f goats. Um, and to my utter disbelief, it came up. So I was. I was pretty. Pretty pumped.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's pretty cool. I hope it makes the cut. He did. He retweeted. He definitely commented on your.
Speaker D: No, he just commented. He didn't retweet it. But, um, very, very cool. Um, even if it never sees the light of day, very, very cool. Fun fact.
Speaker A: Yeah, it may never see the light of day, but we're gonna do some cool stuff in the community and see if we can, you know, spruce it up and have the community come together to work on it with Ben, which is pretty cool. And then he's going to see if. I mean, talk about timing. If this movie does well, which I think it's projecting that it will, you know, there's an opportunity here for something. So he's got another screenplay, which is cool. The other thing is, I didn't realize he had never written an actual screenplay before, so I don't think I actually realized that. I didn't realize the movies that were made from his books were. He didn't write the screenplays. He just wrote the books that were adapted. So this is pretty cool that, like, you know, goats is in the first ever screenplay he wrote. And, you know, we. I drew and I were joking that we wanted to print out the manuscript and have them sign it for us, but we didn't think about it in time to do that, and Drew doesn't have enough inks to print out 116.
Speaker B: That's a lot of pages.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. You got to do that on the corporate account, so. But that was it. It was. I mean, it was cool. It was really chill.
Speaker D: Any famous people?
Speaker A: No, because. Well, not like.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: From that. Because of the strike and stuff. But there were some famous people there. The producer and the studio folks were there. Linda Henry, who owns the Boston Globe and the Red Sox. That was pretty cool. You know, some. Some other not cast celebrities, I think, were in the building. And then, of course, Drew and his wonderful fiance that we got to hang out with for a while. But, yeah, that was. It was very, very cool experience. Glad I got to do it. Hope we're doing it again for the NFT movie at some point. Yeah. Des, how was your fantasy football weekend? I'm dying to know how you're doing.
Speaker D: I was abs. I crushed it the first week. Crushed at week one. This week was a step back, but we're still good.
Speaker B: We're still good.
Speaker D: What's your hottest take going into tonight?
Speaker A: Oh, man, I don't know. I got rocked this week, except for. Except for props. I'm looking at some props right now. Jweb, you can write this down. I've got two quarterback props ready to rock and roll at some point. So what do.
Speaker D: I'm going. Bryce Young over half a interception.
Speaker A: Interesting. Interesting. I looked at that, but so I don't hate that he's projected, like, just under one interception, so I think that's probably a good bet. So definitely he's projected over a half. So the problem is you need a full. So I think that's a good bet. I also like some Deshaun Watson. Watson. Over 29 or over 25 rushing yards. I like Jamal Williams rushing yards. Prop. Those are what I've looked at so far. And that's it for more football talk, tune into dj bets at 06:00 p.m. there you go.
Speaker B: I have some football questions.
Speaker A: Oh, boy.
Speaker B: What's. I saw again, just based on my timeline, saw a lot of Deon Sanders stuff. Could I get an update on what's happening there?
Speaker A: Yeah. Do you even know what, like, do you know what the deal is?
Speaker D: Wait, you don't know who Deon Sanders is?
Speaker B: Part of me. I know who Deon Sanders is.
Speaker A: Okay?
Speaker B: Period.
Speaker A: Okay, so Deon Sanders has now been. You know, he's. He's obviously hall of Fame pro athlete. He was two sport athletes. Yeah. You know, and he's primetime neon and neon Dion, if you will.
Speaker B: I'm up to speed to this point.
Speaker A: Okay, so Deion went and he was coaching college football. He was at Jacksonville State for a while and did some really good things with that team, and he got a big time college coaching job at Colorado University. And the impressive slash, I guess, maybe controversial to something that he has done, is, like, with the new transfer portal rules, you can basically kind of build a team like an NFL team would. Right? You can offer nil money and all this stuff. So he basically gave the team a facelift. There were 80 new players on the roster, and it's worth noting, Colorado was the worst team in college football last year. They went zero, 112. They did not win a game. And so there's been a lot of hype coming into the season about what he was doing. His kid is the quarterback. His other son plays cornerback on the team. They've got some really decent talent, right? And so kind of this underdog story led by Deion Sanders. And then they open the season playing TCU at TCU, which TCU played for the national championship last year, and TCU.
Speaker B: Is.
Speaker A: Texas Christian University. The Horned frog.
Speaker B: Interesting.
Speaker A: And so. So they beat him. He went in there and he beat them, and they played for the national championship last year. So they were, like, 21 point underdogs. It made headlines. It was all the hype, all the rage. Then, you know, the following week, they went and kicked the crap out of Nebraska, and this week, it was Colorado versus Colorado State, and they're, like, 24 point favorites in this game. And then there was some controversy around Dion himself. I guess the coach of Colorado state was not pleased that Deon did not remove his hat and sunglasses when he speak. It, when he was speaking to him and basically called him out. What did Deon things? Deon did Deon things and bought his whole team sunglasses and, you know, just. Just really played it up. And then they went out and almost lost to Colorado State. It took them double overtime to win the game, but they won. So they are now 30, and that's all the d. Sorry.
Speaker B: And Deon is coaching which team, again, just to clarify.
Speaker A: Colorado. The Colorado.
Speaker B: Okay, so call. Okay. All right, so Colorado. And then there's Colorado state. Two separate schools.
Speaker A: Two separate schools. One of them likes sunglasses. One of them does nothing.
Speaker B: One of them. Yeah. One of them is run by an old man who's like, take off your hat.
Speaker A: The other one is run by Dion.
Speaker B: Okay, cool. All right. I appreciate it. The other. The other question I have for you, I just wanted to give you the platform. Choose to do. You know, you can decline to if you want, but did you want to give us your thoughts on the Giants and what's happening there.
Speaker A: Hey, I don't know if you know this, but the Giants came back and wondehood yesterday. Look at that.
Speaker B: I did not know that. I did not know that.
Speaker A: So you should look at my tweets around 07:00 last night. So this one, this one I thought was funny. Didn't get much. Love the football. I did see this.
Speaker B: I did see this one.
Speaker A: Yeah. So I posted it where? So, like, the, you know, 01:00 p.m. you're very excited for the whole day of football. By 05:00 p.m. the Giants were losing 28 to seven. They were down 20 to nothing at halftime, 28 to seven in the third quarter to the team that is very, well, like, thought of as the worst team in the league.
Speaker B: Which team is that?
Speaker A: Arizona Cardinals. And they don't forget they got beat 40 to nothing in week one by Dallas. I remember that one, you know, a combined 68 to seven over the first, you know, seven, eight quarters of football. And so I saw that, you know, meme of the Giants fan and with his face painted, just looking very melancholy. So I posted that with me at 05:00 p.m. and then the Giants came back and won the game. They won on a walk off field goal. They won 38 or 31 28. And so I tweeted that.
Speaker B: It's very funny. That's a very funny tweet.
Speaker A: I photoshopped a smile on it.
Speaker B: But we also, did we lose? I want to call him Saquon Barkley.
Speaker A: Oh, gosh, I almost forgot completely about the thing that caused me heartbreak and trauma last night. Yes. On the last drive of the game, as the Giants are trying to win on a field goal, literally with seconds left, Saquon runs into a pile and sprains his ankle. And it looked pretty bad. So we'll see. Poor guy. Like, first of all, if those of you do not know, I have a giant man crush on Saquon Barkley. And he's had, you know, some injury problems throughout his NFL career. And the Giants franchise tagged him last year, so they didn't give him the contract. So he was playing this year to try to get his big contract. Then he gets hurt. So he'll probably be out a couple of weeks. I don't know if it, what the official report was, but that was three weeks is the official report just came out by Adam Scheffer. Okay, that's not bad. I'll take that. But still stinks to see him get hurt. But anyway, that's enough football talk for the day chamber. Did you see this story I posted over the weekend about the bees?
Speaker B: No, I just. No, I didn't. I was just reading it as, as you were talking. I think I saw you post it earlier. I did post Mike of the week, by the way. Shout out Michael Rappaport. I'm just pulling up the bees now because I hadn't seen it.
Speaker A: When was the last time you got stung by a bee?
Speaker B: I haven't really been stung very often, I want to say. One time when I was, like, twelve years old, I was biking downhill and, as you know, going the speed of light, and my face smashed into an.
Speaker A: Did you cause a sonic?
Speaker B: I think I may have, because I collided with a bumblebee. Went right into my mouth, stung my lip. Spit it out. It was terrible. Yeah, it was. It was like, imagine just flying as fast as you can on a bike as you're a kid. And then. Yeah, just you and a bumblebee colliding. And that's what happened. And then I think the only other time I was camping and I was setting up a tent and I had stepped on, like, a ground nest of wasps, and I felt a little tickle on my foot, which was like, just in flip flops. And I looked down and there was four hornets on my foot and they all stung me simultaneously. That was terrible. But that, I think that's it. Like, that's it.
Speaker A: Yeah. I haven't been stung quite some time. And we recently had a bee infestation in our house. Yes. The. They, I guess, got into my attic above my son's room, built a massive nest of in there, and literally ate through the ceiling and came down into his room through a hole in the ceiling. Hundreds. Yeah, no, hundreds of bees. And we had to call an exterminator and he came and he, you know, got. He killed the nest and all this stuff. And so we've been working through that. And then this weekend, my wife is trying to, you know, make some last minute tidying things for her family coming over, and she was outside straightening up the deck. I have the two boys in the basement, and I'm, like, watching the television. I got a lot going on. There's college football blasting on one tv. I've got two under three year old kids running around and crawling around my basement yelling, screaming, whatever. He's got the iPad going with a movie on, so there's a lot of sounds happening. And I'm standing there and I hear what, what sounded like a scream. And I was like, wow, that's so weird. And I look around, I'm like, I don't know what that was. I thought it might be my son's movie, whatever he was watching. And so I just go back doing my thing, and I hear it again, and I'm like, okay, that's definitely something. So as I. As I'm pulling out my phone to, like, text my wife if she heard anything, I hear it get more frequent and louder. And I'm telling you, it sounded like somebody was being murdered. And I'm like, what the hell is going on? And before I could get upstairs, she opens the door and screams at the top of her lungs, help. I'm being attacked. And I'm like, what is happening right now? I have no idea what the hell is happening. So I, like, leave the kids downstairs. I'm running up, and I go out into, like, I come up from the basement, and she's standing there, like, crying, and she has her shirt off, and I'm like, what the fuck is happening? And she's like, bees. And I was like, oh, my God. I was like, oh, my God. So I look outside, and she was out on the deck, and she was going to put the grill cover back on the grill. And we are not really great about putting the grill cover back on the grill. So it has been off for some weeks, I would say.
Speaker B: You're talking about just like the. Like the canvas. Yeah. Okay.
Speaker C: Exactly.
Speaker A: And so it was hanging over the side of the deck, and I'm guessing same group of bees from the attic found a new home. They were building a nest inside the dark grill cover, and when she went to pick it up, when she went to pick it up to put it on, hundreds of bees came out and were swarming her. So she ran in the house. There's bees in the house. There's bees everywhere following her. She got stung once, and then I, like, went.
Speaker B: She only got stung once.
Speaker A: She's lucky. She only got stung once. And it was kind of, like, right on her. I don't know, like, oblique, like, so she got stung once, and then I get sent out there with basically a can of bug spray and a pat on the ass, like, go get them, tiger. And so it's me versus the bees. And for, I don't know, a good 45 minutes, I'm just single handedly spraying every bee that I can see. And at one point, you know, the bees got the best of me, and I got. I got a three way attack right under my left tit.
Speaker B: And so all three at once.
Speaker A: Oh. Like, I don't know if they went. I don't know if they got in my shirt or what, but, like, it was rapid succession, same spot, basically. And it was like getting shot with a paintball gun, if you've ever gotten shot with a paintball gun. And. Yeah, so it's still, like, swollen and itchy, and now we're talking, like, you know, two, three days later, but, yeah, so that was. That happened to me on Saturday.
Speaker B: Terrible. That sounds fucking terrible.
Speaker A: It was terrible. Home ownership is terrible. There's a whole show there. Home ownership is terrible. Being an adult is fucking terrible. It sucks. I'm over it, first of all. And I don't. I don't want to anymore. I just don't want to.
Speaker B: It's, uh.
Speaker A: I.
Speaker B: With great power comes great responsibility.
Speaker A: Well, like, where's the fucking power? I don't even have that.
Speaker B: I don't know. I mean, you pick your own bedtime.
Speaker A: It's just responsibility.
Speaker B: You can pick your own bedtime and eat whatever you want. I think those are things I can think of.
Speaker A: I'm still tired and fat. This is bullshit. I'm over it. We had. We had other things to get to today. I swear. We prepared, but.
Speaker B: Well, no, that's good. I mean, we got lots of stuff. We may not get to it all in the same episode. We'll bring it over to Wednesday's show or Friday's show. I think that's. I think it's good to have. I try to now put any thought I have into the thought section.
Speaker A: I really like that part of this. We haven't really gotten to very many of them, but I love that I can always go here now and just, like, pick something out and chat about it, because I know you'll have thoughts on it.
Speaker B: Yeah. I put the app on my phone so I can adjust the show notes wherever I am doing that.
Speaker A: Yeah, I like that. So we have time. I do have a hard stop in five minutes. I have a meeting, but we have time for one or two news stories. Just quick to hit the headlines. Do you want to go AI or do you want to go chill? Not chill.
Speaker B: Um, let's do chill, nacho.
Speaker A: All right, which do you want first, chill news or not chill?
Speaker B: Um, let's do not chill.
Speaker A: Not chill first. Okay. Wow. This headline. This headline is basically you.
Speaker B: I forgot what I put in there, but. Yeah, I remember now.
Speaker A: Oh, my God. This tweet or this. This news story is you, and it is certainly not chill Saudi Arabia. This story comes from man sentenced to death for tweets peaceful criticism on social media brings death penalty. Wow. What did you say, chamber? A saudi court has sentenced man to death based solely on his Twitter and YouTube activity. Human Watch said today the authorities should quash the verdict, which. Blah, blah, blah. On July 10, 2023, a specialized criminal court in Saudi Arabia, counterterrorism convicted Mohammed al Gamad, 54, a retired teacher of several criminal offenses related solely to his peaceful expression. Online court sentenced him to death using his tweets, retweets, and YouTube activity as evidence against.
Speaker B: I believe, for the record, when we say sentenced to death, I don't believe it's like lethal injection. I believe it's beheading. Yeah, I think I read there was a hundred just this year. I think, like, 130 ish beheadings in Saudi Arabia. And apparently they are just paying. This is why I didn't think it was chill. I wanted to throw back on Elon because apparently they're just paying for information so they can go out and do these things. I was not very happy with that, so I wanted to see a. If we talked about it, if something bad would happen to us on Twitter, just to test out.
Speaker A: First of all, if anybody goes back and listens to this podcast, you will know that we do a tweet or a segment here called defend that tweet chamber. Not going to lie. You deserve it more than this guy.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, absolutely. But thank goodness Justin Trudeau is not going to sentence me to death, because you know what? I'm pro Trudeau. I don't have one of those. Do you know a good majority of Canadians have f asterisk CKD Trudeau bumper sticker? Like, a crazy amount. Like, where, like, you get to a point where your kids are riding in cars and you're like, does that say f? And they have to explain it to them. I feel like in the States, you.
Speaker A: Know, you know, we have that with Trump.
Speaker B: Do you have, like, an F Trump or an F Biden bumper sticker?
Speaker A: Oh, not you.
Speaker B: But, like, if it's.
Speaker A: If it's not one.
Speaker B: Right? Okay.
Speaker A: Like, you, like, they're all.
Speaker B: I wasn't sure. I was. I had never. I don't think I'd ever seen that. That, like, you know, I've seen the Trump flags.
Speaker A: There's a lot of the. Gosh, I don't even know what the brand is anymore. The. The one with, like, the little cartoon like Calvin from Calvin and Hobbes.
Speaker B: Yeah, I know.
Speaker A: Peeing on something. There's a lot of those bumper sticks.
Speaker B: We have those for, like, Ford and GM and, like, Chevrolet and stuff.
Speaker A: Yeah. So insert political figure on them.
Speaker B: It's getting. It's getting divisive up here, too. But yes, not chill Twitter. Stop letting countries buy information so they can behead people. Not chill, dude.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I think that seems like a bad use case. If you want to do that, go to friendtech.
Speaker B: You can buy my shares. I'll rat anybody out.
Speaker A: One of the great utilities of chambers, Fred tech is he will mark on you for 0.02. Ethan. Wow. There you go. Not. Or the chill news of the day comes from discussing film on Twitter. Actors, writers and directors are collaborating on a charity auction, with the proceeds going towards helping crew members whose healthcare benefits are currently at risk during the strike. Look at you, the philanthropist out there.
Speaker B: Love it. So there is bad stuff that happens in the world, but there's also good stuff. So, yes, celebrities are auctioning off some pretty interesting stuff, but it led to a bunch of memes. I don't know if you saw them over the weekend. Like, fake, like, fake things you could bid on meant for hilarity. So, like, right now, there's. I don't know if you have it in front of you. I'm just trying to load it up. Now, if you had some examples, but some of the fake ones were like, have a stress cigarette with Ben Affleck for $100,000.
Speaker A: Like, you know what I mean?
Speaker B: Like, I'm like, that's very good. Sit in a room with what's his name. Who's the guy that did sit in a room with Nathan Fielder in complete silence for 1 hour.
Speaker A: Oh, my God. Yeah. That sounds like a treat. Adam Scott walked your dog.
Speaker B: I think that's a real one, right?
Speaker A: Oh, that is a real one. Lunch with the handmaid's tale. Emmy winning actress and a dow.
Speaker B: I think you get on a Zoom call with the cast of.
Speaker A: Is this why I saw the meme? I know. I don't know. Maybe it wasn't a meme. What's her. Leah Dunham will paint a mural in your.
Speaker B: That's a real one. So that one was a real one.
Speaker A: Oh, God. I'd rather be John Lithgow.
Speaker B: Paint a picture of your dog. I think it was a real one. What was some of the.
Speaker A: Wait, I want to do more of these. I gotta go, but I have to go. Show down. We're saving. We're saving this one for next time. I'm already.
Speaker B: All right, get going.
Speaker A: Eating. This was a wonderful show. Appreciate everybody for listening and appreciate those who came up and were the brave souls for trivia. We will be back Wednesday. Same bad time, same bad channel. Until next time, keep the mic hot.
