Speaker A: We'll be without bunch today, but he'll be back on Monday. I know today's Thursday.
Speaker B: Well, he might not come back if he's just hanging out with Cam Newton.
Speaker A: Is that what he's doing?
Speaker B: Oh, you didn't see the picture?
Speaker A: I did not see the picture.
Speaker B: Him and, him and Cam Newton were, were shooting dice together.
Speaker A: What a life he leads. That's all I'm saying.
Speaker B: I know. Big time in us.
Speaker A: But, yeah, I didn't want to do, I wanted to put another show this week, but I didn't want to do it on Friday. I thought Thursday was a good day. I titled the show breaking down SpL 22 and ERc 404. Those things I see on Twitter, no idea what they are. Payne, are you familiar with these, these sequences of letters and numbers?
Speaker B: Spl 22 I am not ERC 404. I am familiar with. I've heard a lot of mixed reviews on, um, but I'm interested in what, what sugar, what sugar sains got to say about it.
Speaker A: Yeah. Shane, uh, you know, our, you know, I would say our top tier degen, our web three aficionado. He is the person I like to go to when it, when it comes to anything new, specifically new tech, new web three stuff, he seems to have his fingers on the pulse. Shane, sir, how are you doing today?
Speaker C: I'm doing great, except for the fact I misread the title. I thought I was coming to learn from you chamber, so this is awesome.
Speaker A: Now. What a tragedy this is.
Speaker C: You know what?
Speaker A: We're just gonna end the show right now, actually. This is gonna be really bad, but, yeah, I don't know. I thought Shane would be the perfect guy for this. Um, well, you know, we're going to talk about this, uh, in, in pretty good. Pretty good amount today. We're going to talk about. There's other things I want to talk about, too. I want to get Shane's take on. Uh, but again, some of you may or may not know this. Both Shane and I are massive Bigfoot, Sasquatch, Yeti, uh, believers. Um, you know, uh, we perpetuate the, the truth that they existed. And I wanted to. Shane, I want to ask you, we had south by southwest not that long ago. It's been kind of film season. We just had, I think I want to say the Golden Globes. I forget what it was, but I know there's a lot of art films being kind of shopped around at these different festivals. Have you seen. There's one that caught my eye. And the name of that film that is being pretty well received, if I'm being honest, is called Sasquatch Sunset. Are you familiar with this?
Speaker C: I am not, but I am thoroughly intrigued. I'm typing it into Google as we speak. So.
Speaker A: This movie stars a costumed Jesse Eisenberg. For those of you who may know Jesse Eisenberg from movies like, um, what's it called? The Facebook movie. What's the movie called?
Speaker C: Yeah, I.
Speaker A: Social network.
Speaker C: Social network, yeah.
Speaker A: And other movies. I think he did the card counting movie. I think he did both. I think both of those movies were written by a friend of the show, Mister Mesric, but I'm not 100% sure. I think both of them were.
Speaker C: I think so. So I think you're right.
Speaker A: So, yeah, this is a real actor. The other, I think the other lead, there's only, like, four people in this movie. The other lead is Elvis's granddaughter, who's an up and coming actress from. From what I'm being told. But apparently. So long story short on this Sasquatch sunset, it's literally like a documentary, you know, a mockumentary, I guess we'll call it, of the life of a family of sasquatches. And there's nothing comedic about it. It's literally like a nature documentary. And what they do throughout the course of, I don't know how long this is, but, say, over the course of, like, a few months. And apparently there's a lot of what we'll call it animal behavior in it, which I think is very interesting. A lot of, like, shitting and pissing and which I thought was very funny.
Speaker C: I mean, I'm thoroughly impressed. It has a 6.8 on IMBD. I have seen a lot of movies get way worse scores than that.
Speaker A: So, I mean, if we want to talk specifically Sasquatch Bigfoot movies, that's probably the best score you'll see.
Speaker C: 100%.
Speaker A: I've seen a lot of duds. I've seen a lot of duds.
Speaker C: 100%.
Speaker A: What's the. Have you. What's the. What's your favorite I. Sasquatch movie? Do you have one? Have you seen enough of them?
Speaker C: Oh, man.
Speaker A: I have.
Speaker C: But I don't know. You're putting me on a spot for such, like, a life altering decision right now. Like, the crowd is here for my opinion today, and you want me just to throw out all willy nilly my favorite Sasquatch movie.
Speaker A: There's a couple. There's a couple that come to mind for me. There is one called letters from the big man.
Speaker C: I think it's a wonder if I've seen that one.
Speaker A: It's a very interesting one. Again, I like these. Like, I don't want it to be funny. I don't want to be scary. I just want it to be like an interesting movie. I think that one is very good. There's a good one called. What's it called? It's more of a horror one. But I thought they did a good job of, like, capturing the essence.
Speaker C: Have you ever seen letters from the big Mandev? That was a good one.
Speaker A: That's what I just said. Are you messing right now? Yeah.
Speaker C: No, I didn't realize that was what you said.
Speaker A: Yeah. Letters from the big man. Very good.
Speaker C: Willow Creek was another really good one. That one was really creepy.
Speaker A: There's. Willow Creek was good. But there was another one that came out around that time, I think was like. It's like. It's like a one word title. I can't think of it right now. But they did a good job of, like, with the costume. Like, it was very. It was very good.
Speaker C: So I'm googling them right now. I'm trying to find one. The one you're talking is. It exists.
Speaker A: Exists. That's the one. Very good movie. I think that was top tier.
Speaker C: So if you're into Bigfoot movies, I haven't seen exists. Always check it out.
Speaker A: Exists. Maybe my favorite one, but yeah, I'm very excited to see this Sasquatch sunset.
Speaker C: Hold on, I gotta ask you. Have you ever seen the one. The man who killed Hitler and then Bigfoot?
Speaker A: I have. With Sam. Sam? Sam.
Speaker C: Sam Elliot.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: How have I never seen this?
Speaker A: Yeah, that's a good one. That's a very good. That's a fun movie.
Speaker C: Well, I think. I think I know my wife and my's plans for this evening.
Speaker A: So we'll. As much fun as I could have talking Sasquatch movies with you all day. We should talk about these erc. Four hundred four s and these SPL 22s. Because they've been just filling up my timeline on Twitter. I don't know what they are. I do feel a certain sense of, like, it's like, is this, like, another thing I have to learn? And I'm getting old and I'm getting exhausted. And I need somebody like yourself to make me feel better. Explain it to me like I'm five, so I can try to make some money.
Speaker C: So if you just pull back the layers of it, to put it in its simplest terms, it's basically just making nfts fungible again.
Speaker A: Um, that's what we want make nfts fungible again.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's basically what it's doing. So are you familiar with like um, the fractional platform or not fractional, but uh, the flooring protocol is that when.
Speaker A: They like fractionalize nfts where you could.
Speaker C: Right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Right. So you basically lock your NFT and a vault or you give it to the platform and they give you 1 million tokens back. So like 1 million you PPG tokens is what like the pudgy token is. So it gives you instant liquidity. You can then sell those tokens, you can sell them all, you can sell like half of it. So sell 500,000 tokens, keep 500,000. But basically the nfts are pegged to the value of 1 million tokens. So if you want to get your NFT back, you have to buy some of those tokens back to get to 1 million to trade them back in. So basically what the ERC four hundred four s and the SPL 22s are doing is they're taking out that middleman. So these tokens are being launched with that ability in the contract. So basically you have the token, you can peg it to any, you know, any amount of tokens. So say 2000, you sell one token, so you're down to 1999. It actually burns your NFT. So that's why you'll notice most of these collections are all just identical nfts. No, anything like that. And then if you want to get your NFT back, you can buy that one token back, get to 2000 tokens, boom, nft back in your wallet.
Speaker A: So you said they're all the same. Is there any point where they do have traits and become. Because that's the fun part of nfts. You want to get a rare one, you want to get one with very low percentage when it comes to certain traits. Is that, is that happening at all in any of these?
Speaker C: Yeah, so there's actually a couple. The name of it, the one is called defrogs, which I'm very, very sad that I missed out on this mint and they've just been cooking ever since. They actually are pepe frogs with all of the d God traits, which is amazing. I know, I'm so sad. Like it's all of my identities ever and I miss them. But they're actually doing that when you burn it. So they're, they're full traits. When you burn your NFt and you get a new one, um, it's random generation. So you can get a lesser rare one, you can get a more rare one. Uh, there's some issues with it because there's the possibility of just farming out all the rares where eventually every NFT is a rare one out there in the market. So none are technically rare at that point. But yeah, they're, they're doing that. It's technically the first PFP ERC 404. Man, that's a mouthful to say.
Speaker A: It is a mouthful to say. Now, I have heard like people gaming the system. I've heard like if you move these tokens to like another wallet, it generates a new NFT. Is that correct or am I hearing fabrications?
Speaker C: So it just depends on the contracts. I have heard that for some of them, but you know what? It, in theory, if the contract's written properly, it's good devs, all that stuff. When you move those tokens, it should burn that NFT. But there have been instances where the, you know, obviously this new tech people are just going to try to like get in there and get the money. Why they can. So there's been instances where the contracts just aren't good enough and people are able to kind of game the system.
Speaker A: So if I did have, say like a million, say it was like a million tokens and I got the NFT and I moved those million tokens to a different, like another one of my wallets, would it change? Was the NFT change? Would I lose the NFT altogether? Or would that exact same NFT show up in that other wallet? Or does that just depend on the contract again?
Speaker C: Well, it just depends. So, like, you'll know. Some of the big ones are like pandora on eth, another one's deez nuts on soul. So when, whenever you look at those ones, they're all just identical nfTs, there's no differences. So like, you move one, move it from one wallet to another, it's, it burns in the one wallet, it reminds in your new wallets identical. But like the defrogs, you could do that. That's what some of the fud was, was that you could just move the tokens, it'll burn one and it'll re mint a new one. So you can just constantly cycle those tokens around farming for like a rare NFT.
Speaker A: I see. Okay. And just to be clear to ERC 404s are Ethereum based and SPL 22s are Solana based.
Speaker C: Yes, correct. So technically, um, what's crazy about this whole thing is the SLP 22s have been around for a while now. Like these nuts dropped probably a month or two ago. So they, they were really the, the beginning ones, and they didn't catch on at all. And then the east ones came out like a week ago. And you know how it goes when the cabal gets their eyes on something. They've been pumping like crazy. So now the, the soul ones have been kind of following.
Speaker A: That's interesting. I just got my update from my lord and savior Bitlord. Um, I am a proud bag holder of Molly, and he announced, I don't know if it was, like, last night or this morning, that all Molly holders will receive a certain amount of these ERC 404s based on, I guess, the amount we're having. And that's when I reached out to you right away. I'm like, I don't know what these are.
Speaker C: You know, it's like the great JP Kaz says, when one Griff doesn't stick, you just move on to the next.
Speaker A: Hot one the wise and empty JPK has. That's very funny. It's amazing. So, yeah. So we'll see. So we'll see. I know. I'm a big fan of Bitlord, and not a lot of people are. The man's putting energy drinks and NFts together and now dropping ERC 404s in energy. I don't know what's happening, to be honest. Oh, actually, 1 second. My daughter is knocking on my door right now. She's poking her head in and she has glass. My daughter's a four eyed nerd. Now she officially got a pair of glasses. She went to the optometrist the other day, and turns out she has the exact same prescription as I have. And they just went and picked up her new set of glasses, and they look pretty good. Not bad. Not bad. You only look like kind of a nerd, more of a dweeb. White glasses.
Speaker C: You look like Jeffrey Dahmer.
Speaker A: Get out of here. All right. Get out of here.
Speaker C: Get her on this show. We need another co host to liven it up.
Speaker A: Geez. I don't look like, I mean, I kind of look like Jeffrey Dahmer, but it's a look. It's a look, all right.
Speaker C: The cool version of Jeffrey Dahmer here.
Speaker A: Speaking of my looks, I go on a lot of, as I get older, I've been trying to be more healthy, and I go for a couple of walks during the day just to get my gams moving around, you know what I mean? And I like to go for one after dinner. And in the wintertime, it's very dark out, and I walk around and just. People are terrified by me. There are people move sides of the street at night when I'm just. Because, I mean, I look suspicious when I'm walking out. It's usually, like, black sweatpants, a black jacket, black, you know, black.
Speaker C: You got the hood.
Speaker A: Black hood on or like a. Or like a beanie on. You know, if you live in Canada, I'm wearing a toque. And. Yeah, it's, you know, black. I even have, like, I look like I'm going like a. Like a cat burglar. Most of the time, I'm walking around, like, literally, like, just. Just. Yeah, just burglaring. And people are very, very scared of me, and I wish they wouldn't be. Cause I'm not a cat burglar or a murderer. So it's. Yeah. Despite what my daughter says, if you're.
Speaker C: Dressed in all black, glasses on, hood up, like, I would probably walk to the other side of the street as well.
Speaker A: So I don't know. I just want black. Makes me look slim. It's just a slim in Colorado. And this is what I like to wear. You know, it's what it is. So, getting back to these, you did mention Deez nuts as being kind of one of the more popular. Is that. Sorry, is that. That's a SPL 22, right? That's a Solana one, correct?
Speaker C: It was technically the. To the best of my knowledge. I may be wrong, but it was the very first one. Like, this whole entire.
Speaker A: Also, like, they showed up on Solana before they showed up on Ethereum.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's what I was saying. This was a soul thing originally, and then it, you know, kind of caught on because these nuts minted, I think, like a month, maybe a month or two months ago. And the way the mint worked was when you minted your NFT, actually got a random number of tokens in it. Anywhere from, like, 100 to, I think 10,000 was the top, something like that. And then slowly, they released protocols to actually be able to split those nfts up into, you know, fractions, nfts into the tokens. They've got liquidity. Last I looked, I mean, it was cooking. Like, the token itself was, like, $2. And, I mean, it started out at, like, zero, zero, one. So, I mean, it's been on. These nuts has been on fire.
Speaker A: Oh, my favorite speaker has joined us. Outer Lumen. Welcome to the show.
Speaker D: Thanks. I was wondering if we should have a drinking game for every time someone says Deez nuts.
Speaker A: But we're driving.
Speaker D: That's not happening right now. But divide and I are in the car, going to get our kid, and I popped up because, you know, all of good, like, all the good Lumen stories come out on your show.
Speaker A: They sure do. That is a fact.
Speaker D: That's just how it works. So this one is a part of this.
Speaker A: So I have one for you when you're done by the.
Speaker C: Oh, my God.
Speaker A: I have a great one for you.
Speaker D: Okay, so this is in relation to your daughter coming in and putting you on blast, but also, like, her getting glasses. So divide and I, who's here? Say hello.
Speaker E: Hello.
Speaker D: So we were very, like, excited to drive across the country, all the way from Victoria back home to Toronto area and somewhere in Saskatchewan. We're driving this in December, by the way. So it was a feat in its home to do everything. Yeah, it was insane. Anyways, none of that matters, except for the fact that divide loses his. We both wear glasses. Well, I wear contacts, but he wears glasses, but I sometimes do as well. Anyways, he loses his glasses somewhere near a Saskatchewan frozen river because we went out to look at something in the middle of the night. The only thing I have in my packed car, because I'm moving like, I was. I lived in Victoria, and I'm moving home, is a potato masher, which I grab. And I start, like, grooming this, raking the snow with it, trying to find this man's glasses because he's driving us home and he doesn't have glasses. He can't see. So then I'm like, wait, our diopter, which is the numerical measurement of bad your eyes are for those who are listening. It's that, like, plus one, minus whatever if you're myopic, okay, ours is really close. So I'm like, damn, just wear my glasses. I'm wearing contacts anyways, and drive us home. And he put them on, and he's like, this is. This is early. This is before kids. This is early on early. He's like. He's like, this is amazing. So the two of us finish an entire across Canada drive with him wearing my glasses. So we are, like, glowing at the optometrist a year later or whatever. We come in and we're all like, hee hee, ha ha. We have the same one, and we're getting our prescriptions updated, and we're like, they match. And we tell them our story. And then he looks at us and he says, yeah, that's great for you guys, unless you have kids. And we, like, 100% passed on our myopia to our son, who also wears glasses.
Speaker A: So that's so funny. Yeah. No, my daughter literally has, I think, within, like, 0.25 on one side is basically the same prescription as me. We were driving to school the other day and the sun was a little bit bright, and she grabs my glasses, my sunglasses, puts them on their prescription, and she's like, this is. She's like, are these, like. She's like, are these, like, binoculars? Like how, like, you can see really well with these? I'm like. I'm like, no, they're just my prescription glasses. And, like, she literally went to. She had an optometry appointment, like, the next day, and sure enough, she needed exactly, like, more or less that prescription, so. But outer Lumen. I was talking to my mother the other day, and she was on a cross Ontario trip, so she was visiting my sister and brother in law in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario. And she was driving back to just outside of Weissega beach and decided to download three or four episodes of this show to listen because she's a nice mom and she doesn't know what's happening with crypto, but she likes to see her baby boy, or she likes to listen to her baby boy on the show once in a while. And she was absolutely chuffed when she's french, by the way, when she found out we were giving recommendations to french music, she's like, who is this person? I love her. She's the best person on the show. So big fan of mama Chamber. Big outer Lumen fan. So I thought I would share that with you. Called you up by name. Was very impressed that I found a francophone music lover, so I wanted to make sure you were aware of that.
Speaker D: Oh, my God, that is incredible. I feel so honored. Merci beaucoup.
Speaker A: Please tell her she might be going. I think she's literally going on another road trip this weekend. I'm sure she'll be listening to this, so she'll be very happy to hear that.
Speaker D: All right, let's 404 reel us in. I want the deeds, too. I know I took us off the rails, but.
Speaker A: No, that's okay. That's okay. So I guess. I guess, Shane, the next question would be, are there. We've seen some cooks already. Are there any opportunities I know we talked about. I'm gonna. I'm gonna post it right now. One, I don't know if it was, like, a buddy of yours, but one that you had recommended or that you had talked about called sushi roll. Solana. Sushi roll.
Speaker C: Sushi Solana. Yep. Solana. Sushi roll. Yeah, I know the dev. So you know I got in a little early, shared it with some people. I actually. I mean, I didn't tell anybody this part, but he said if it doesn't mint out, if it doesn't go well, he's planning on doing full refunds. So there's really no risk involved in it. He's not going to rug or anything. He's a good guy, but he's trying to catch on. It's an SLP or SPL 22, so same thing. This one is a little bit backwards, though. So he did it kind of in an interesting way, was instead of launching the token, because normally the token comes first. As people buy the tokens, it mints the nfTs. He did it the other way. He's minting the NFTs first. And as nfts, he's going basically the Deez nuts route. As the NFTs are minted, they come with tokens in them. So at any given time, once the LPD live, you can instantly just turn the NFTs back into the tokens and sell the token. Just like how we were talking about it there at the beginning.
Speaker A: That's interesting. I actually just pinned it to the top there. So if anybody is interested, it's Solana. So there's not a ton of obviously very minimal fees. I think the mint on these are like 0.25 sol.
Speaker C: So, yeah, it's 0.2, 525 bucks. So, you know, I figured I'd gamble with a few. And that's where the nice thing about the SPL 22s are compared to the 404s is on east number one. Gas is a killer, isn't it? But these 404s are so early, the contracts are so inefficient. Like, I don't know if you've paid any attention to the gas fees all day, but we've been sitting at, like, 100 gas all day and. Yeah. And just to do anything and then buying these actually uses, like, four to five times more gas than it does to do just any, like, other normal transaction because the contracts are so inefficient.
Speaker A: Isn't that crazy? Yeah, that's. Yeah, that's wild. Yeah. I think I picked up, I don't know, like, six or seven of these things myself. So, yeah, it's exciting. I just wanted to participate a little bit, just to see how it worked. Now, I don't think it's minted out yet. I'm not sure. I guess the next question is if I'm getting the Ethereum version or the Solana version, where am I seeing these is this a magic Eden thing? Is this a opensea thing? Not magic either.
Speaker C: Well, so Eth and Sol a little bit differently. The ETH ones are a little bit easier, easier to integrate with current marketplaces. So, yes, most of the ETH ones are on Opensea, Dex tools, everything like that. The Solana ones are a little bit different because the blockchain doesn't work the same. Contracts aren't the same over there, so you can see them on, like, tensor. Now, if they're verified, which tensor is really kind of taking over that place there. There's another marketplace on Seoul called sniper, which has full integration. You can see them anytime on sniper. The one, the Solana sushi one is actually just directly on the Mint website. For now, it's in the process of being verified on tensor. So once it's verified there, it'll be fully live on that marketplace. But magic Eden hasn't done anything with you.
Speaker A: Now, do you think this is going to be, like, in general, like this? You know, the are. Is this more of like, a short term play, do you think? Or does this have, like, long long term viability, you know, similar to what we saw, like, nfts and stuff like that?
Speaker C: So, you know, just my personal opinion, and I know this is kind of a politician answer, but I want to say both. I think that it's a fad right now that's going to. Going to die off. I mean, we've seen it so many times in crypto and nfts. You have these short bursts, these fads. You're going to have a blow off top with it, you know, with something sucking a bunch of liquidity out of this, and then people are going to lose interest. But I think long term, we could see this become kind of, you know, something we see in the space, because it does solve a lot of issues. You know, you saw flooring protocol come out, trying to do the same thing. This cuts out that middleman. So I could definitely see this being something we see more of, just maybe not consistently from now on.
Speaker A: No, that makes a lot of sense now, as you know, you mentioned, like, oh, you know, we see a lot of things come and go, like in web three. That being said, yes, you might have, like, that blow off top, but, like, I'm trying to think of things that have, like, literally disappeared after, you know what I mean? Like, web three tech. Like, we still, like, nfds are still a thing. Obviously, cryptocurrencies and tokens and ERC 20s are still a thing.
Speaker C: I meant it more. I meant it more as in, like, stuff that you see all over your Twitter time.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker C: Like, volume stuff where people are like, right. And they're like, oh, I minted these Pandora boxes for 0.1 eth seven days ago, and now they're eleven eth. I mean, stuff. I think that this is like, a long term thing, but I think this, like, type of protocol will be something that we'll see more of. And it almost gives you, like a built in refund process, too. Like, you know, I could see projects doing this down the road having this built in where if stuff starts going wrong, you're able to kinda, you know, not everybody would be able to get out at the same time, but you're able to have almost a reef funkenism to it. You're able to have instant liquidity to it, which was one thing NfT struggled with, but I definitely don't think it's going to be something that. That is just, hey, this is the new thing. We're doing this all the time now.
Speaker A: No, that's fair. If anybody does have any questions in regards to, like, SpL 22s or ERC 404s, feel free to come on up or just drop your question in the chat bubble. I'm just checking it right now to see if there was anything. I don't see anything. Also not a great reader. I want to pivot a little bit, Shane. We just had a few airdrops over the past couple of weeks. We had the. When airdrop a couple weeks ago. We had the Jupiter airdrop. Was it last week? I feel like it was last week.
Speaker C: The 31st? Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: It's been a week now.
Speaker A: Yeah, we have. You know. You know, there's other airdrops upcoming.
Speaker C: That all being said, any dim?
Speaker A: I didn't know how to check. I tried to today. Like, I.
Speaker C: It's too late.
Speaker A: I'm like. It's like a whole other. It's a whole other. It's a layer two. I mean, I hate. I hate having to switch networks on my metamask.
Speaker B: Well, thank you.
Speaker A: To listen.
Speaker B: I'll make contributing to my allocation, then.
Speaker C: Chamber. I'll start doing it for you for. For like 10%.
Speaker A: Seems more than fair. I will agree to that. I don't know. You know, so. I don't know. T rose up here. T row. How are you, sir?
Speaker F: I'm just fine, my crypto undead brother. Just. Just living the life.
Speaker A: Hey, are we doing. Is this still a hold? I have a lot of these.
Speaker F: Yes, it's still a hold. I talk to dollar all the time as a cap.
Speaker D: Wait, are they ordering those or Solana? I don't even remember.
Speaker A: We're still good. Okay. It's a Solana. Undead still.
Speaker F: I have a question for Mister Shane, because he's. He's smarter than me, and contracts and all this stuff, so. Juice. What is juice? I don't know if you guys already talked about that. That's on soul, too. Have you seen this juice?
Speaker C: Actually, yes. So it funny enough, this one kind of went a little bit under the radar to me. I just was talking to this about, actually, with the dev that launched Solano sushi was dming me about this. So to the best of my knowledge, it's kind of a little bit of a hybrid. It's an SPL 20. So what that does is it's basically kind of what the Solana sushi thing is, is it's a fair launch. There's no, like, pre allocations, no airdrops, anything like that. And it's a, it's a, like a free mint. So basically, as you mint, um, they kind of take the same place. But there's, you know, they're funding a lot of the fees and stuff. There's no upfront, like, liquidity provided, if that makes sense.
Speaker A: I'm assuming it does make sense. So how would you eat? Like we're talking. I want to get back to this 10% thing. How would this. How would. Why didn't I get a din airdrop? What did I not do?
Speaker C: Because. Because about a month or so ago, you had to go on their website. There was no wallet connections needed or anything. You basically just had to actually, I don't remember if there was a wallet connect. To the best of my knowledge, there was your wallets. You might. Okay, you just had to paste your address in on their website and click it. The little button that said claim. And it'd be like, oh, hey, you got this much. And then you went around all the different chain wallets that you had. So if you're staking like Tia, if you, you know, your soul wallet, and you put it in and it's like, oh, hey, you got this much. And then you just linked it all to your one metamask wallet. And then once the claim, or once that technically portion ended, that's when they did their drop.
Speaker A: Okay, so I am holding for the record, you know, as you mentioned, you do this for me. One of my long term holds started pumping a couple of days ago, and it's kind of like these, like, telegram, like airdrop, you know, tokens I want to say unit. There's one, like Unadrop, or I forget one, was very unibot, I think was very pop.
Speaker C: Yeah, unibot.
Speaker A: So I actually picked up some loot token months ago. Months ago. And, like, a ridiculous amount at the time. And it started moving, but I started getting, just by holding and staking the token. It was kind of doing that work for me. And I'm getting allocations of all sorts of different stuff now. I ended up getting a bunch of, like, whale token and, you know, some wen token and, and stuff like that. So there are, you know, tokens you can buy and stake, and some of these things will do that for you, so. But I prefer the Shane route, where he. It's more of a tailored, you know, a tailored process directly to me, so.
Speaker C: Yep, yep. Listen, I got you chamber. I'll take care of you. I'm not making that offer for too many people because 10%, you know, these airdrops might not be worth anything. So 10% out of the kindness of my heart, that's a chamber.
Speaker A: I'll take it all day. So. Okay, so we're seeing, I would say, a good amount of airdrops already. We have some coming. I know the frame one is coming. I don't know how, I don't know how anticipated that is, but I know that one's kind of on the calendar, and I'm sure there are other ones. Everybody's always talking about a metamask token or a phantom wallet token or magic Eden started dropping diamonds in our accounts, and we. I don't think anybody really knows what they do. Maybe you do. I don't know what they do. I just assume everybody, if I don't, if I don't know.
Speaker C: Diamonds are directly. So magic Eden has a token coming. The ticker's NFT, and the diamonds are directly related to the NFT token coming. Those diamonds are already selling for like, four to diamond over the counter.
Speaker A: Four to diamond over the counter. How many? I have 14,300. That doesn't, that's not too bad.
Speaker C: Nice. I got. No, that's good. I mean, I got, I got about 40,000. So, I mean, 14,000 is a good amount.
Speaker A: All right, I'll take it. So. But my question, though is I'm not feeling the market's pump as I have seen I, in the past with other airdrops. Are you, am I just not seeing it? Are you seeing the same thing or, or do you think the mark. Certain things are pumping and I'm just not participating in them. Yeah.
Speaker C: You're just not participating in the right thing. So, like, for example, like, jup, I mean, that was a big letdown. I mean, don't get me wrong, I'm fighting my own bags here because I got like twenty K and Jup tokens. But, you know, they just, they just really fumbled this launch. I was, I'm still super bullish on them long term. I think they're going to be all right, but they're just really dicking around. But anyway, moving on. Like, dim is pumping right now. Dimm has, like, I think it was up to $8 the last time I looked. I mean, they've got the strategy down to a tee. So basically, as soon as it was dropped, they incentivized you to restake it because some of the biggest airdrops went to people that were already staking Tia and, and stuff in that ecosystem. So, you know, I think out of 140 million dim tokens that were airdropped, there's 125 million already staked. And they have a 21 day lockup on staking. So once they're staked, I mean, there's not going to be any sell pressure. So Dim is going to go on probably a ripper here soon.
Speaker A: Interesting. Payne, did you get a lot of dim?
Speaker B: I got a whopping 28 dimm.
Speaker A: That's pretty $8. Is it $8 or is that what we said?
Speaker B: I just checked. It was 757.
Speaker A: That's nothing wrong with that. That's all right.
Speaker B: No, no, it's nothing to scoff at. I already restaked it.
Speaker A: Nice. Nice. Shane, did you get some of these as well? And are you staking?
Speaker C: Yeah, I only got, I did well. So I got 252 of them. But my dumb, dumb move was yesterday when it dropped. I only wanted to stake half at first, and I wanted to stake them with different validators, but the whole blockchain didn't work. There are RPC's, didn't work anything like that. So I'm over here like a madman just yeeting my mouse button constantly until I could get the staking to go through. And then I ended up just staking it all in one validator. So now I'm locked in for 21 days. So hopefully, hopefully the price is up by the time that it unstakes.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's not like 21 days and like 17 years in crypto, right? Oh, 21 days seems like a lifetime. It really does. Like, I started thinking about, like, that's so long, right? So I don't know, like, are you, are there airdrops coming up that you're, like, anticipating more, or do you think that'll have more effect on the market? Because I don't know. I just don't feel like the market is, is moving for the amount of airdrops we've seen so far.
Speaker C: You know, chamber, I don't want to say this to hurt your feelings, but if you're only looking at ETH, that's why you're not.
Speaker A: Ethan Sol.
Speaker C: There'S a couple really big ones coming up. ZK sync is getting ready to airdrop. I would say they're airdropping in the next 60 days. That's going to be a big one, in my opinion. Another one that's tied into this ZK sync is the, what you call it, the polyhydra airdrop, I think is going to be a big one. I've seen a lot of stuff talking about. They're estimating probably $1,500 a person based off of the tokenomics and stuff. Prism is going to be another really big one that I've started to form.
Speaker A: Are these all individual layer twos or their own blockchains or what are we talking about here?
Speaker C: Well, ZK's sync is a layer, too, and polyhydra you farm on ZK sync, so those are tied together.
Speaker A: Gotcha.
Speaker C: Prism. Prism is its own layer one blockchain. It's a new layer one coming out. So I've seen a lot of stuff saying, like atom osmo ing stakers, tia dimm stakers. Those are, those are going to be the big ones that Prism gets airdropped, too. Okay, so there's actually, there's actually prism validators, too, that I'm moving some of my Tia and dim to is the prism validators, because they're already promising bonus airdrops for early delegators to them.
Speaker A: Well, that's exciting.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker A: You probably.
Speaker C: Did you ever use wormhole at all, chain?
Speaker A: No, no. I saw there was another something with wormhole yesterday.
Speaker C: Yeah, wormhole announced their snapshot in their airdrop. It's going to be a major cook. There was only 90,000 total wallets that have ever interacted with wormhole because this was, you know, everybody's farming layer zero hard and expecting layer zero to airdrop first, and wormhole is actually front running them. So I was reading up about some of the, like, the tokenomics about it and stuff. And if it launches even at just a 500 million market, captain, based on the amount of tokens that's being dropped, the smallest airdrop would be like $3,500.
Speaker A: Really?
Speaker C: It's going to be a big one, in my opinion.
Speaker A: Is everybody listening? Shane's just trying to give you money at this point. Okay, so just listen to Shane. Just given. Just giving out money at this point.
Speaker C: I mean, there's a couple other. I would be farming layer zero, too, because they're going to want to keep up with wormhole. That's their biggest competition. I'm really bullish on orbiter Bridge. I think they're gonna have a pretty decent airdrop coming out, too.
Speaker A: And how am I gonna participate in any of these? Like, are you just gonna do a formula at this point?
Speaker C: I mean, I can't do the physical participation for you. I mean, they're pretty easy. I'll definitely share the information, but, like, it. A lot of this stuff's easy, like polyhydra. Oh, you've got to really. Oh, you don't like changing chains? Never mind chamber?
Speaker A: Listen, there is nothing that absolutely, it's.
Speaker D: Just a drop down menu.
Speaker A: What are you talking about? It's a whole thing. I'm always, I always think I'm gonna lose everything as soon as I click to a different chain. I have so much anxiety on that goddamn drop down menu.
Speaker C: EtH maxis are in shambles right now.
Speaker A: Well, that's my next question. I feel like EtH is making a comeback right now. I feel like soul had its day in the sun, and I feel like EtH, the cabal has, has, has set its eyes back on the Ethereum blockchain, and I feel like we're having a resurgence. Do you feel Eth is on the verge of catching up to the rest of the market? Because I felt that way for a little bit now.
Speaker D: I think the cabal on base right now, figuring out all of the mints.
Speaker C: From Farcaster, that is 100% the truth.
Speaker D: Just being real. Just being real.
Speaker A: All right, so outer, can you explain to me, so what is the cabal currently doing again?
Speaker D: You go to Farcaster, you make an account, and then you mint every single possible thing that you're eligible to mint, that people post in frames. I'm being funny, but I'm also not being funny, because there's definitely stuff that's happening there. I'm being both this on base, but I also want to say, like, I'm. I mean, I don't know, like, I'm. I would consider myself an eth Max here. At least I have for a long time. But, like, you gotta try new things at some point. Like, I'm still always going to be bullish on Eth. But that doesn't mean I can't, like, get a quantum cat or figure out a whole bunch of other l two s, which are amazing and super fun. And it is free money. Like, let's be real. The only thing I have today not fucked with is I do not have a wallet. And I don't know if I'm interested. I don't know what it'll take for me to get over there. Something might. I'm not even mad about it or anything. I have no feelings about it. I just needed to be, like, very real. And I wanted a taproot wizard, so that was very real for me to go to ordinals. But, like. Yeah, I don't. I don't know. I think, like, there's.
Speaker E: What skipped the LFG token.
Speaker F: You, like, totally skipped it.
Speaker C: I did. They ended up rugging anyway, so. You didn't miss anything.
Speaker D: Oh, sweet. Validate it.
Speaker A: They did a.
Speaker D: But divide had what do you have? A son. What's the whole svelte in beaching and all of that? Because that's hella fun.
Speaker A: Sorry.
Speaker D: The beach thing in pearl.
Speaker A: Oh, that's. That's. That's a swef token. Sweth. Sweff by swell. It's. It's. It's a. It's ethereum staking.
Speaker C: Yeah, I'm familiar with it.
Speaker B: I have a quick question.
Speaker D: We've been playing with that. I definitely put a bunch into there because divide's like, you have to. So I did, and I will see how that goes. I am in the beach club. That's what I was. That's. That's what I was talking about. I guess there was, like, a time limited time frame for which you could stake it.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker D: And then they closed it.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker D: Oh, that was Eigen Lair. Never mind. See, I'm like, it's late, I'm tired, I need dinner, the space. Before I say.
Speaker A: So, I guess to your point, both of your points, there was some big news that happened today in ETH nfts. I just posted it to the top, but Franklin sold his bored ape for 275 ETh.
Speaker D: Who bought it?
Speaker A: Do we know who it was? Some sucker.
Speaker D: Damn, that's cool.
Speaker A: 275 e, man. That's. That's a tough. That's who, let's be honest. Who. If you had 275 ETH laying around, would you be buying bored apes with it?
Speaker D: No, I'd buy punk. But, like, why. But if you. If you. Or maybe an ether rock at Christie's, right? I don't know. Okay, but, like, seriously, I don't. If you were to go and buy that ape, like, why would you not use that as your clout moment to be like, yo, Twitter, I'm the new Franklin ape. Like, I just. There's something curious to me about this purchase.
Speaker A: Maybe it's just like, the british government and it's just gonna put, like, you know, how they steal from, like, everybody.
Speaker D: Or maybe it's his own wallet and he sold it to himself. Like, I don't know.
Speaker A: It could be. I don't know if that's. I don't know if that's on brand. I'm not sure with Franklin.
Speaker C: I don't know if he had the money left to sell it to himself after he gambled it all away. I love Franklin to death. You know, he's. He was a homie early on in the space, but, you know, here in the United States, it's tax time. So if you look at the wallet, as soon as the money came in, it went out to Coinbase. So that's all I'm saying.
Speaker D: Oh, I did? Yeah. I didn't look. That's. I just love speculating on this. It's.
Speaker A: How much money was that? Do we have a total? I'm trying to do the math in my head here.
Speaker C: It's like 662,000.
Speaker A: Boy, that's nice.
Speaker D: That's devil.
Speaker A: That's not. That's. That's a nice amount of money. That'll pay the tie. Six. Six.
Speaker D: I love this.
Speaker C: It just keeps getting better.
Speaker A: So, I don't know. A lot of people are saying, end of an erade. Is this the end of Eth nfts?
Speaker D: No, it's the beginning of a new era. I can't wait for the new thing that he's going to post about in three years or maybe three months, or who knows? I don't know. We're going to forget. And then it's going to be the biggest deal that he's back with. Whatever PFP project, you know, the thing.
Speaker C: About it, and no hate towards any side of it here. And I've seen a lot of ape holders being like, oh, no, Franklin hasn't been involved with it at all. And I understand that. But at the same time, I don't know if the apes ever get to where they were at without Franklin. You know, I mean, obviously, hindsight's 2020, you can never know that. But just in my opinion, he. He definitely was a lot of what helped build up the apes to where they were in the first place. So it's interesting to look at both sides of it.
Speaker A: I don't know if I think this happened. I don't know if captain's listening. Is captain here today? Yeah, he is. No, he hasn't. I don't know. No, no, he's not. He was. I think he was here. I think it happened after the show, the coffee with captain this morning. So I don't know. I don't think they talked about it today, but I'd be interested to hear cap and Steve discuss this. So I would tune tomorrow, I'm sure. Tune in tomorrow, 08:00 a.m. eastern time to coffee with Kafka because I think that's gonna be a banger show. A lot of coping happening tomorrow. I might tune in myself just to taste the tears, you know what I'm saying? Like. Like Cartman in South park, you know? So. No, I. Again, I don't know. I think it's good for Franklin. Like, that's a lot of money. And, I mean, that's what most of us are here for, I would say, is to make, you know, life changing money. You know, a couple of episodes back, I was talking about the fall of capitalism, and I honestly do think web three crypto NFTs is a place where we can even out the scales. It's a place where regular people, lower, middle class, upper middle class, even upper class. I mean, you can really change. You can make a life changing amount of money in web three. So excited to see people make money. I'll put it there. Oh, Joe.
Speaker C: Oh, run.
Speaker A: Joe's here. Joe. How are you, sir?
Speaker E: I'm good, buddy. How you doing?
Speaker A: Good.
Speaker E: I think it's like, it's very interesting, right? Because, okay, so I like to watch certain people, and I like to watch smart people and talk to them. And, like, Franklin is smart, Mashi is smart. There's a lot of people who they don't like. I think what this space doesn't like is successful people. They actually kind of like the grifter, and so if there's, like, a successful person, they kind of hit on them.
Speaker A: I agree with this.
Speaker E: And, like, so, like, I look at Franklin, and, like, the behavior that got Franklin the ability to go from, like, say, four to $10,000 and go up to, like, almost $20 million is the kind of behavior you have to have to do that play. But what Franklin was trying to do next was basically go to, like, 40 or $100 million, and you can't use that same behavior. And, like, that's why if you watch how machi moves. Like he was able to adjust to go from like 40 million to about 300 million. And the same thing with Beanie, it just takes a different adjustment. And I don't think Franklin was able to do that. And that's how come he had to sell for taxes.
Speaker A: So what are they doing that Franklin wasn't doing?
Speaker E: Well, like the gambling sort of behavior that allows you to make those like ten hundred thousand x plays when you're trying to build that bag is different when you're trying to then go from say 10 million to 40 million or 10 million to 100 million. Because like the plays that Machi's making are now like protocol plays, the plays that are getting, like if you look at the success that Machi's putting together, he's no longer trying to build a bad off of a PFP and an airdrop, right? He's building a off of protocols and like, I'll be the fucking bank. And like once you become the bank, then you start to make those regular gains. But you can't do the gambling behavior to do it unless you're the casino. And you can't actually be the casino here without a big fat bag or somebody with nine figures backing you.
Speaker A: So that's kind of, it's, it's like going, just to make it simple for me, but is it similar to like going from like being a house flipper, somebody that buys a house and tries to flip it to like going and becoming a person that buys and sells like, like, you know, office buildings and like.
Speaker E: Yeah, absolutely.
Speaker A: Like that kind of re.
Speaker E: Yeah, it's like what Jared Kushner ran into when he tried to go from his dad Charles's apartments to building a high rise. And he didnt know what the fuck he was doing. And he leveraged the entire familys really nice apartment portfolio against this shit building on Broadway and basically almost lost the entire thing. If his father in law hadnt become president and been able to basically shake down Qatar to invest into it, because he didnt understand the construction business in New York and bought a building that you couldnt take out the structural integrity and turn it into an open space business model because oh by the way, all that shit holds up that big tall fucking building. And then, and then you buy it at the peak of the market. And so a building that should be probably like $450 million tear down is actually like $1.2 billion. And the bank saying where's my money, bitch? So like, like you can go from 4000 to 4 million in this space, but then you have to change your behavior or you give it all back.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker E: Yeah. If you're trying to go for the.
Speaker A: Big back to the next level. Yeah, totally, totally.
Speaker E: And it's a different game, you know.
Speaker A: So once I get to 4 million.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker A: I'm gonna slide into your DM's, Joe.
Speaker E: You got, you have, you have permission to always.
Speaker A: Alright. And then we're gonna discuss the next level plans.
Speaker E: I'm here to hang out with you, buddy.
Speaker A: I appreciate. You did start off the conversation by saying I like to listen to smart people. And I'm like, I was trying to figure out why you were doing here.
Speaker E: I know.
Speaker A: I appreciate it, t row.
Speaker F: So first off, I want to know why daddy Bunch isn't here. He's rolling dice with Cam Newton. Is that, is that what happened?
Speaker A: That's word on the street. That's word on the street. I don't know. I don't use. Did he tweet out pain that he was.
Speaker F: He posted it in the, in the war room. A picture of.
Speaker A: I didn't even get a. If it's really important, just a little behind the curtains. If it's really important stuff, bunch will text me to my phone directly and I didn't get that.
Speaker B: Do you know who Cam Newton is?
Speaker A: I'm aware. I'm aware of him. I believe he was a football player, correct. Cameron Newton.
Speaker F: He doesn't play canadian football where the field's way bigger and there's only three.
Speaker A: Downs or whatever we call it. Difficult football up here. But no, yeah, yeah, I know. I mean, I'm aware of Cam Newton. I feel like Cam Newton was a, this new quarterback prototype and just didn't pan out. Does that sound about right?
Speaker F: He panned out.
Speaker A: Did he?
Speaker F: He almost won a Super bowl. And did he win an MVP?
Speaker A: He might have.
Speaker C: Yes, I think he won MVP, but yeah, he definitely lost that Super bowl.
Speaker F: Yes.
Speaker A: Did he? I feel like he had a short career. I feel like he's, is he like an announcer now?
Speaker B: No, they would never, they would never.
Speaker F: He would. He would say something real stupid real fast.
Speaker A: Oh, really? I thought, I thought, I honestly thought the last time I saw him, he was like, like the Charles Barkley of some like NFL panel.
Speaker F: No, he's not. He's, he's doing small business deals probably with local auto dealerships and what.
Speaker A: But was now, was his career short? Like in football terms?
Speaker F: Like twelve years or something?
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker F: He was top of the, like top five quarterback for three or four years, probably.
Speaker A: Okay. I mean, I know of him so, I mean, he had to be pretty popular, so. Okay, so that's exciting for bunch. Yes, he is. Roland dice with Franklin.
Speaker F: Screw Franklin. If he's stunning on everyone, showing him how he made like two cent off another ape crate because he's, you know.
Speaker A: I heard, I heard Franklin's going deep into the undeads family very soon. So then I'm going to have to.
Speaker F: Make friends with them.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Hey, no, he'll be on the show. It's going to be a great time. You heard it here first. But we will. I do want to wrap up here. We're getting close to time. I want to thank everybody for coming up today. T ro Joe outer lumenous. Very, very helpful in making this a great show today.
Speaker C: Shane.
Speaker A: Big thank you to Shane for helping me. I still don't, for the record, I still don't understand what Spl twenty two s and ERC 404s are chamber.
Speaker B: Before you wrap up, can I sneak in one more question?
Speaker A: 100%. Yeah, absolutely. Suga.
Speaker B: Shane, in your opinion, is Egan lair? Are we too late or is there still time?
Speaker C: I mean, until. Here's my belief on protocols is until they officially announced snapshots taken. You're never too late. Now, granted, are you a little behind the eight ball? Yes. But if you can get in there and you want to tie up a little liquidity, there's nothing wrong with, with doing a little farming, in my opinion.
Speaker B: I appreciate it. The. They're doing a little extra bonus for the, for the arbitrum layer, so I thought about touching it for a little bit. We'll see.
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't see anything wrong with it. I'm a big believer that, you know, no matter how big your bankroll is in crypto, it's never big enough to not farm free money. And, I mean, I think airdrops this year are the play. So if you got a little money you want to farm with, I don't see a thing wrong with it, because I don't. To the best of my knowledge, they haven't taken the snapshot yet.
Speaker F: Oh, I got a quick question for sugar. Shane. Shane. Are you also front running the farcaster account for, for chamber and getting him as many followers as possible? Have you been recruited to do that as well?
Speaker C: That's too much work. It's chamber and social media. We're not even going to cross that bridge.
Speaker A: Shane and I have had honest conversations about my skill level when it comes to social media, and I'm gonna be honest with you. I feel ancient and I'm terrible at it. But I do want all of my follower, you know, I want my follower count to grow organically and, you know, we're, you know, we make a little bit, we lose a little bit. And I've been doing this for a very long time and I appreciate every single person that hasn't put me on mute yet. So, so we'll end there. I'm hoping Shane was able to make you all a little bit of money. I will dm him personally to help me for the remedial students, you know what I'm saying? But Shane, thank you very much for coming on today. Maybe what we can do is we can simulcast Sasquatch sunset and watch it together somehow.
Speaker C: Oh, my God. I, that's my dream chamber. You are?
Speaker A: Yes. We'll figure out a way. We'll share, you know, we'll share screens and we'll watch it together. But I think that's going to be a great time. Payne, thank you very much for short notice. It's not a regular show day. Payne, I appreciate your availability today. I always appreciate you helping, helping out and obviously providing quality, quality questions that I cannot provide. So thank you. Pain I, but yeah, until next time. And that's gonna be on Monday. And Bunch, hopefully we'll be back as long as, you know, he's not making either lost all of his money or made too much money. We'll probably be back on Monday. And I have some fun stories. I have more chamber mom stories to talk about Bunchy with because she did have some notes on bunch. So until Monday, until next time. I honestly, Payne, can you end it for me? Forget how it goes.
Speaker B: Keep the mic hot.
Speaker A: Thank you.
Speaker B: Let's get that airdrop money, baby.
