Speaker A: Is bunch here?
Speaker B: I can.
Speaker C: I can see how you see yourself in Dave a little bit. Just, you know, that. That narcissist that believes, you know, that.
Speaker A: Everyone should see, plus all my dick surgeries.
Speaker C: Yes, well, that's true. You're hypo Sapidius with the two dick holes. That for sure. Yeah, I can see how you connect those two guys. What's up, man? Good to see you.
Speaker B: I mean, is it. This is what happens when you don't.
Speaker D: Show up on Mondays and when.
Speaker A: And when Des and Chamber put out a banger episode. That's right.
Speaker C: Wholesome.
Speaker B: Well, you know, I'm excited to talk about Dave a little bit, but I'm very excited to hear how your Monday episode went. I did not tune in. I did not listen back. You gave it the Des treatment. That's awesome. Yeah, it sounds like. I mean, it sounds like you guys had a great old time. I got contacted directly by Pixel Vault, and they told me that they would never be appearing again. So you guys must have done a great job.
Speaker A: It was all dazs fault.
Speaker C: Well, they only said that because it was just so informative that there would not need to be another episode. It fully encompassed everything that pixel vault is about here and in the future.
Speaker B: So, yeah, I mean, look, I'm Chamber. How did. How did it go hosting with Des without me? And I'm asking because I'm considering just not showing up anymore.
Speaker A: I'll tell you what. I'll tell you when you can not show up, because does Chamber Mondays, Mondays, and Fridays. Sure. A dozen chamber episode is only really held up by a third person. So we were does had the foresight to call up.
Speaker C: I knew this. I knew this was gonna happen as soon as you started the sentence, damn it. It's crazy.
Speaker A: 1 second. I'll get. I'll get 1 second. It was sad already. It was already said.
Speaker B: You didn't hear it.
Speaker A: God damn VGF. What about that?
Speaker C: That's correct.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's good.
Speaker A: Nice video. A video game freak.
Speaker B: I want to say today we'll be having up lmnop as our guest, and we're excited to learn about the Alphabet. And today's episode is brought to you by the letter f for f's in the chat. Drop your f's in the chat and let us know how you really feel about this show. I will be dropping many f's. I look, I got. And since I showed up last for this show, which was almost two weeks ago, God, have I not done a show in two weeks?
Speaker A: Yeah, two weeks. It was two weeks. It was two Wednesdays ago.
Speaker B: Wow. What did we do that Friday? Nothing. We didn't know.
Speaker A: We bailed, I think because everybody was at Vcondez.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah.
Speaker A: Either I couldn't make it or you couldn't make it. I don't know. Something like that. I think.
Speaker C: I forget.
Speaker B: Yeah, that was the VCOn Friday episode.
Speaker A: And, oh, no, I couldn't make it. I was away that Friday. I was away that Friday.
Speaker B: Yeah. So VCon Friday, we did not do an episode. And then over that v con weekend, I got suspended from Twitter, and that sent me. That sent me on an existential crisis.
Speaker A: I forgot that was the catalyst for your.
Speaker B: For the whole thing, for everything.
Speaker A: I forgot that's what it was. That's what it was.
Speaker B: That was the catalyst for the whole thing. And it sent me into an existential crisis. And I texted you, and I was like, I'm not doing the show next week. I don't want to be here. I don't want to be around. I don't want to be around anymore. And so that was why there was no show last week. And then I did not consider that Monday was also Memorial Day. So you, very excited to be back, messaged the group in the morning on Monday, and we're like, man, we're so back. And I was like, no, we're not. You're back.
Speaker A: I'm going to be honest with you. There was a lot of worried people on Monday as the fact that I.
Speaker B: May not ever come back.
Speaker A: Buzz was out. Oh, absolutely. I had to tell everybody. I'm like, it's okay. It's gonna be okay. We've done this a few.
Speaker B: We've.
Speaker A: We've. We've had this dance a few times.
Speaker B: I mean, I feel like. I feel like I do this once.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, that's what I mean.
Speaker B: I do this once a year. At least there it may. I mean, maybe twice a year I go through this. Maybe nothing.
Speaker A: Maybe not twice.
Speaker B: Yeah. No, it's pushing. It's like once and a half.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: You know? And, uh. So that was my. That was my. My one for, I guess, the year. I don't know. Yeah.
Speaker A: Cycle of a pregnancy.
Speaker B: Yeah, it might be. I mean, it might be escalated, though, because we're now doing three shows a week instead of one, and. And so you never know. Maybe the cycle is.
Speaker C: Come join me on the Wednesday only train. Bunch, you. It's. It's a good train to be.
Speaker B: I actually think. Look, that's a great idea. So, chamber, what about you? Uh, you and the producers, the Deuce crew. Oh, that's what happened Friday. The producers had the show Deuce crew.
Speaker A: I love that.
Speaker B: The Deuce crew had Wednesday.
Speaker D: That was Wednesday.
Speaker B: That was Wednesday. Oh, never mind. So there really wasn't a show on Friday, so. But the producer episode was fantastic. Did you listen to that episode chamber?
Speaker A: We were both in the audience at the same time judging.
Speaker B: Oh, well, I wouldn't say I was judging. I was supporting. I was.
Speaker A: Oh, right. That's what I was doing too. That's what I was into.
Speaker B: I was pro do, sirs, if you will. I was really supporting the producers and I think that they did a phenomenal job. So maybe, maybe we work in a producer show every week. You asked the rest.
Speaker C: You are a little dicky fan. That was some little dicky level puns.
Speaker B: Right there to, I've been, I've, I've been watching lately. So the, you know, third, it's funny, I actually told Morgan last week that she needed to watch Dave and that I thought she would really enjoy it and now she's probably kicking herself for not having watched it as we're talking about it in our TMC chat. So. But enough about that. We'll go back to my existential crisis later because I not done with that. But that's my, that's my mom.
Speaker C: Can I ask what you got suspended for?
Speaker B: I don't know. That's what caused the existential crisis. There was no, no reason given at all. I just, it's actually kind of messed up how it happened. It was, I don't know, one of those, it was the Saturday of Econ, I guess, and. No, no. Is that. I don't even know. And I put out my GM tweet like, I am due. And then about an hour, an hour and a half later, Vicki DM's me on discord and she's like, are you okay? I just saw what happened on Twitter. I was like, uh oh. I'm like, am I hacked? I'm like, did I. I'm like, I hope not. Did I like Steve Aoki? This thing or whatever, I went and it all looked fine to me. So I, you know, threw a message in the war room and they all told me that I was suspended. And I was, I was so pissed because I've seen this happen to many people before and not everyone gets their account back. And you never know, like with Elon cutting all that staff, how that, how the, you know, appeal process is going to go. And I didn't know if it was going to be a permanent thing. But there was never any reason or given to me why. And so I had to go through the appeal process. But, you know, in that suspension time, the dark times, if you will, the, you know, it made me reflect a lot on, like, how I was spending my time. And I actually went and looked at, like, how long every week I was spending on Twitter, just on my Dang mobile app. And let's take some over unders. I've already told Chamber, so he can't guess. I'm not sure if he remembers, but no, I don't. Des, you can guess. And anybody in the chat, throw your guesses in there. How many hours a week pre ban was I spending on the Twitter mobile app? How many hours a week spent on the Twitter mobile app? Mackie, do you have a guess? I sure do. I'm going to guess 69 hours. That's a little high, but it's a great guess. Thank you. Do you have a guess?
Speaker C: Okay, I was going to go low. If that's a little high, then I was going to go low. I was going to go 32.
Speaker B: Oh, my God. 32 is actually the correct answer. Bang on 32 is the bang on answer. I think. I think that's what I sent you. You can go back and check your receipts. 32 hours I was spending a week on Twitter. That's a full time gig. You know, how much, what other stuff I could be doing. And, you know, it wasn't even just.
Speaker C: Now that I'm listening to your voice.
Speaker A: Holy shit.
Speaker C: You sound like Benny Blanco. This is blowing my mind.
Speaker B: Please tell the audience who Betty Blanco is. For those who may not have watched Dave.
Speaker C: Well, no, I mean, Benny Blanco is like a legit person. That's a real guy.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, he's a real guy, but maybe people don't know.
Speaker A: I'm not plugged in enough to the hip hop community to know which characters are real and which are fake. I have no idea what's happening.
Speaker B: So I have a question about Dave. I always go back and forth because, like, there's obviously some hyperbole in the storytelling, but it's so good. But, like, how much of it is based on true story and how much of it is not, like, did that, you know, Twitter death thing happen or is that made up?
Speaker A: I don't know. I don't know if I'm out there. I don't think I'm there yet.
Speaker B: Okay, well, spoiler.
Speaker A: That's okay. I'll forget it by the end of the show anyway.
Speaker B: 32 hours spent on Twitter.
Speaker C: That's a lot. That's a lot. But I mean, how much of that is just, like, passively listening to spaces?
Speaker B: Probably a lot, but, like, even so, I mean, there's only, you know, 15, 20 hours of coffee with captain a week. There's. And then, you know, how many lunch breaks, 5 hours of lunch break, so. All right. They're just there on that. 25 hours. Okay.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think you're all right. 32 is not crazy.
Speaker B: That makes me feel a little better. Thank you, Des. But the other thing that sent me in a tizzy was like, man, my account is twelve years old. I've never done anything on this account that would warrant a ban. And you spend all this time putting out content, and I like, it could just be. I likened it to watching your own funeral and because you realize that, you know, you spend all this time and it's very important to you, but mostly, nobody gives a shit. And the ones that do, you don't really need Twitter for. So I don't know. It was a rough, rough week for your boy on that part, but I got my account back and, but I've just been, you know, not spending as much time, but, you know, all of that to say, that's my, that was my crisis for the past week. Des, thoughts?
Speaker C: I think it's a good reflection. I think it's a good reflection. I think, you know, some, some people on Twitter, you know, I would say, are. I don't know, I feel like you add a little bit of value more than the average person on Twitter. So I don't think, you know, wow, chambers, really?
Speaker A: You said a little bit of value, and I think it caught me off.
Speaker B: It's not much more than a little bit.
Speaker C: I mean, at least, at least you haven't gone down the complete dark road of faking a cancer and, and asking people to send your wallet.
Speaker B: Do we even have to talk about this?
Speaker A: I say my burner accounts.
Speaker C: I mean, yes.
Speaker A: Bear market.
Speaker B: We do we even have to talk about this?
Speaker C: I feel like we do, because it's a real dark chapter of the story of writing the NFT saga. I mean, maybe we don't, we don't need to.
Speaker B: Why don't we go ahead and give people the TL doctor, if you have.
Speaker C: Not heard about this, the super TLDR, and just. Cause I was reading about it the past couple days or day or so and still haven't really caught up fully, but basically some person who is kind of a web three artist for the last couple of years and had kind of told a passionate story about how they were going through cancer, and they had sold a few, like, one of one pieces on manifold and had actually garnered a good amount of attention, but a lot of respect from some, uh, you know, influential people in the space, most notably probably Andrew Wang. Um, and basically, turns out they were a stealing the art that they were selling as one of ones.
Speaker A: Oh, no.
Speaker C: Didn't really have cancer. And then made a real last ditch effort to ask as the. The web three meta this past week has been send eth to this address for this good cause or just because I'm an influencer. Piggybacked off that and ran a little campaign for their cancer awareness and the struggles and the bill pays and. And all that stuff, and then ran a project out of it, spun a project out of it called, what was it? Something penguins.
Speaker B: Pixel. Pixel penguins.
Speaker C: Thank you. And, yeah, sold out and was doing pretty well and ended up all being fake.
Speaker B: Chamber. Were you aware of this?
Speaker A: I was aware of it. I didn't know how much money we were talking about.
Speaker C: Do we have a grand total, I think, right?
Speaker B: Total. It wasn't.
Speaker C: No, maybe.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker C: No, no, no, it was less than that. That was someone else. Sorry.
Speaker B: That was.
Speaker C: I think that was Polly, maybe. I don't know who it was, but no, it was less than that because it was $14. It was a. $14 a mint, I think. I can't even remember now, but all the scams and all the stuff are blending together at this point.
Speaker B: Chamber, what are your thoughts on this topic? Like, I'm very curious to hear your thoughts.
Speaker A: I get frustrated with people on social media. I get more just as frustrated with people, like, donate, donating to these things. It's just like, you have this person on social media saying they have whatever. It could be cancer, could be anything. And then I feel like. I don't know, I feel like a little bit of is clout chasing on both sides. Like, oh, I'm gonna. I'm gonna donate and then maybe tweet. Whatever. Tweet about it. And honestly, I don't trust anybody in web three, so, like, if I would be assuming that everybody would be lying about having any sort of ailment anyways, because I don't really trust anybody, especially, you know, people that I don't know, like, you got. You know what I mean? Like, you guys, I trust. But, like, out of that circle, like, once I get outside of, like, my circle of trust, like, no way am I giving money. If I want to donate money, I'm going to donate money, you know, privately to whatever cause, I think. But, like, I don't know, beyond the social media donations, I get a little something with it, something that irks me a little about it. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Yeah, I. All of this donation stuff is just crazy to me. I don't get it at all. I find it so hard to believe that there's just, like, a. That many people just sending money. And, like, the problem is, like, unfortunately, it shows. I don't really even know how to say this without sounding like a total douchebag. It shows how desperate some people are to, like, make something happen. Yeah, either. Either that or, like, not this specific example, but, like, the, you know, sending money for pre sales to wallet addresses, et cetera. Yeah, that. Like, all of that. You either have a gambling problem or you are very desperate to make something happen. And that part is sad, right? Like, you hate to see that. The problem is, like, it is becoming the calling card of the space, and it's so, like, exhausting and frustrating, which is another part of why I'm sitting here. Like, I don't really want to do this show this week. It's just like, what are we talking about here? What the fuck are we doing? You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, obviously there's not. I mean, there's always stuff to talk about, web three wise. But I think during these. These days, the shows need to be a bit more entertaining. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Yeah. What are you bringing to the table today?
Speaker A: Just my general essence, I think.
Speaker E: Do you like bagels?
Speaker F: Chamber.
Speaker B: Oh, boy. That was the topic of the morning. Did you catch that?
Speaker A: No. Pain. You had mentioned something about bagels. Because I own. I was talking to pain this morning, and I'm like, oh, just grabbing some breakfast. Eddie's like, was it bagels? And I'm like, nah. Pocket darts and a liter of cola.
Speaker B: The farva?
Speaker A: Yeah. Can you get into Denny's? No. You got to get at the corner store where meth heads were fighting. It was. It was an interesting morning. But, yes, he did mention there was bagels. Was the topic of the day de jour, if you will, on coffee.
Speaker B: Yes. Des, you big bagel guy or.
Speaker C: No, actually, I do. I do love a good bagel. Although I will say, when I. My sister was living in New York, like, in early 20 ten's, and I visited her and I had my first New York bagel, and that kind of ruined all of their bagels for me.
Speaker B: So that's the general consensus. I think the big takeaways I just.
Speaker C: Thought it was such horseshit that the water, the whatever could be different and bagels taste so much better. It's, it's 100% fact.
Speaker B: It's. Oh, no, it's definitely fact. It's the same reason the pizza is good. It's the same reason the pizza crust is better, too. It. Absolutely. That was where I was going next. There's a reason that. So, like, when I worked at Sam Adams, Boston Lagere, they recreated.
Speaker C: You have to do the full.
Speaker A: You have to do the.
Speaker B: No, no, I'm specifically talking about Boston Lager. Yeah, okay. No, no, I'm specifically referring to the Boston lager beer. The. They actually, in, like, the Cincinnati and Pennsylvania breweries, they recreated the chemical like makeup of Boston water to make the beer so that it all tasted exactly the same every time they made it. Um, so that the water thing, you know, very true. And I just want to go on record here, you know, I'm not sure he's even listening anymore. Uh, he was listening earlier and he was, he really got the firing squad this morning. Our man, Joey vowels. I just want to go on record and say that I did not agree with all of the hatred that Joey was getting this morning on not only his bagel takes, which I thought were pretty good, he spoke like a man who was very educated in the art of bagels. But, you know, his, his use of the microwave, I thought was overly attacked. I mean, we talk about unwarranted Fud. Microwave fud, you know, I'm not here for it.
Speaker A: No, I agree. So what was the fud like? I freeze my bag, I buy a bunch of bagels, I put them in the freezer.
Speaker B: He said, you buy fresh bagels if you're not going to eat them in 24 hours, you throw them in the freezer. Correct. And when you want to take them out, if you're not going to thaw them properly for 24 hours, you toss it in the microwave just to soften it up and it tastes as good as new.
Speaker A: 100%.
Speaker B: He got skewered. People were basically saying that he shouldn't be allowed in the web three space anymore. I mean, I've, I haven't seen a beating that bad since Kevin Rose the prior day. Like, I mean, it was, he was getting it pretty rough.
Speaker A: I don't eat them uncooked out of the microwave. So I'll, I'll do that and then I'll.
Speaker B: Yeah. That's all he was saying. He wasn't saying, like, you know, he, he wasn't. And he wasn't even advocating. He was just giving that exact example, and I was not. I wasn't having it. And so I just want to make sure that I go on record, uh, with the support.
Speaker A: I just insta followed him.
Speaker B: There you go. Even though he is, uh, if you look at the comments, he's absolutely disgusted and outraged with your tweets, that j screenshot.
Speaker A: You're just reading it out. You don't have the context for it.
Speaker B: Well, we'll. We'll get into it. We'll get into it. I'm sure. Uh, I gotta go down to circles. Circles. I didn't hear your bagel takes this morning. What are they?
Speaker F: Uh, so my bagel take is, it's gotta be a lightly toasted cinnamon raisin with a nice bite of strawberry raspberry cream cheese on it. That's definitely where we're going with that. I had a question for our wonderful host of the day that I was asking earlier. What are your best and worst breakfast steaks? And then where do you fall on mayonnaise? Cause Joe brought up the great mayonnaise debate, and I feel like that needs to be talked about as well.
Speaker B: What was Joe's take on mayonnaise?
Speaker A: I feel like he's not.
Speaker F: Joe was extremely anti mayonnaise. I am, when it's on frame, some sort of salad of some sort, or when you elevate it with aioli or whatever, however you pronounce that word. But otherwise, straight mayo.
Speaker B: We talking aioli now?
Speaker F: Yeah. So there's. It's a multi tiered question, but I feel like it really does show everybody where you stand on these hard hitting opinions.
Speaker B: So best and worst. Sorry, best and worst breakfast, and then.
Speaker F: Where you stand on mayonnaise in all.
Speaker B: Of its iterations, in all forms. That's a good question. Real quick. Real quick. I was once at a fancy restaurant in San Diego with a group of my degenerate buddies, and it was like the guys trip we take every year. And my buddy, he's just like, he's one of those guys that just has to be, like, a little extra to the point where you kind of just want to facepalm. And we were at, we were at the restaurant, and the nice server is taking our order, and he's like, oh, what do you have for fancy mayo? And she's like, what? And he's like, fancy mayo? And she's like, I don't know what you're talking about. And he just grabs the menu, and he points. It points to the word aioli, and he's, like, making her do all the work of, like. Like, just say the word aioli, bro. It was brutal. All right, chamber. Best and worst breakfast take.
Speaker A: I mean, like, what my favorite, you know, good breakfast, steak is. Breakfast is, you know, edible throughout the day.
Speaker B: Like, it's solid.
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, that's. You have breakfast anytime, literally any time of the day. Bad breakfast tank. Oh. You pour yourself a bowl of cereal. Okay.
Speaker B: Are you gonna go milk first? Because, God, I will.
Speaker A: No, no, no. I am very particular with. No, no, no. So pour your cereal a healthy bowl, and then when you're pouring that milk, I want it to be, like, 80% to capacity. You know what I mean? Like, a lot of milk. I like a good amount of milk. But I guess my weird take is at the end, especially if it's like a flavored cereal, you know, like a froot loops or something like that. Only as much milk as you can take, but only one time. So, like, one final sip.
Speaker B: So you won't.
Speaker A: Only one.
Speaker B: You won't finish it. So, like, you can only take a quarter of. What's exactly.
Speaker A: Why one fresh drink of cereal milk?
Speaker B: Why?
Speaker A: I don't know. That's what my body needs. It's just.
Speaker B: Okay. I would say that. I would say that's a bad take. I would say that's a bad take. Like, finish the milk. Although I have been known to overfill the milk in my bowl, too, where, like, sometimes it's even difficult to get the spoon in the.
Speaker A: That's a good bowl right there.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's a. That's a bowl. Like, I. Because cereal is one of those things where I could definitely eat an entire box in one sitting. Absolutely. I know I shouldn't. So it's one of those imprecise sciences where, like, one bowl of cereal equals one bowl of cereal, no matter if it's half full or, like, overflowing to the top, so it makes me feel better about myself. Does that make sense?
Speaker A: Totally.
Speaker B: Like, I can say I only had one bowl of cereal, except it was overflowing. You know, des. Bad breakfast take.
Speaker C: I only have. Yeah. Bad, controversial breakfast take. Maybe it's not, but I truly, deep down in my heart, believe that a solid egg dish, whether it be an omelet or a scramble or something, is always better than waffles or pancakes.
Speaker B: That's interesting, because I don't.
Speaker A: I don't hate that, because I look.
Speaker C: At the breakfast menu always and convince myself, ah, I want pancakes or waffles. I get it. And instantly regret not getting an omelet.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm actually the. I'm actually kind of the opposite. I always think I want, like, the other thing, and I regret not getting, like, chocolate chip pancakes, but, yeah, I don't know if I have a bad breakfast take. Dang, I. What, am I even not a fan? I don't. I don't know. I don't even know if I have a bad breakfast take.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's. It's hard. If you're a breakfast person, it's hard to do it wrong.
Speaker B: See, that's what I mean. I'm a pro. I'm pro breakfast in almost all forms and, like, you at almost any time of the day. Um, I guess maybe that, like, I don't even think this is necessarily a bad breakfast take, but I would put just even controversial, um, I would say that eggs Benedict is a top. A top three breakfast dish.
Speaker A: You and my wife would get along just fine. My wife, yeah, she loves. She loves herself. She loves some.
Speaker B: Some of the hollandaise love of any.
Speaker A: I would also. I have another hot take, actually. I would say breakfast sausage over bacon all day.
Speaker B: Interesting bad take.
Speaker A: There it is. I just told you it was a bad take.
Speaker B: Yeah, there's probably some interesting, controversial bacon takes that live in the audience here.
Speaker C: The fuck doesn't like bacon?
Speaker A: I don't not like bacon. I just prefer sausage.
Speaker B: I don't like bacon. Was that Mackie? It's me. Yes, Mackie. I can stand there. I would say that's a. Would be seen universally as a bad breakfast take and the emojis flying. Yeah, I could do without bacon at breakfast. Maybe that would be a controversial take. Like, if there's a buffet and I can have my pick of anything, like bacon might be one of the later draft picks for me. It's not that I don't enjoy it, it's that, like, it very much dominates the plate. So, like, if I'm. If I'm looking for a little, you know, sampler, I don't want it all ruined by the bacon taste now that the fact that I even said ruined is probably a bad take, but that's. That's where I land. So, like, in my. In my buffet breakfast buffet, draft bacon is a middle to late round choice for me, would be my controversial take. I guess. I don't even know where to go. Ryland had his hand up for a long time.
Speaker D: Ryland Gm Gm Jim I do want to get to what I was going to say earlier about Twitter addiction, but quick breakfast take. I started doing protein shakes. I'm not like, a super healthy eater. No one's ever thought I was a proof of gym kind of guy, but I did. I did start doing the protein shake thing maybe, like, I don't know, five years ago. And I love it. It's super easy. Just some, like, almond coconut milk and scoop of something and some fresh fruit, and it's filling. And the best thing is when you go have, like, a nice pancake breakfast or waffles or even eggs, it's like. It's like a real special treat. So, you know, every week or two, I'll do that. Just, you know, give it, give it, give it a little shake. Shake it up, see what comes out. It's not so bad.
Speaker B: I'm into it. I dig it. Give us your Twitter addiction chat.
Speaker D: Well, I guess I wanted to first just pump your bags a little and say, it really hasn't been the same around here without. So don't, don't, don't, don't leave us. Don't leave us, bunch. And no offense to the other guys who are great, but you're. You're clearly the fearless leader and.
Speaker A: Fucking horseshit. Get this fucking guy off the stage.
Speaker D: I think, you know, I think, you know, I mostly listen on the. On the podcast side, you know, and I try to get here on the spaces every once in a while, but. But I. I listen to every. Everything as a podcast. And. And it's. It's a. You know, if you had to just go back to doing that, you know, just. Even if it was once a week, man, it would. It wouldn't. It'd be better than you leaving us forever. And I'll just remind you really quickly that you. It was only, like, what, two weeks ago that you did the. The soccer coach show, which, of course, was one of, like, the best shows of all time.
Speaker B: We didn't even get to that yet, and that was on my agenda today. But I appreciate the kind words.
Speaker D: I do have a quick tip, though. Okay, so here's what I do to cut down on Twitter, because it can be bad if you're sitting there all day long scrolling. So what I've done, and I'm so surprised that more people don't talk about this. I created a list of about 100 accounts that I call my web three exclusive list. Just a private list. It's got everyone I follow a bunch of DJM people on there, a bunch of the bigger influencers, and then a bunch of my friends, and I just scroll that from top to bottom, chronologically, twice a day. Once in the morning, you'll probably see when I gm everyone in the morning. Takes me about half hour, and then again in the evening when I'm, like, settling down. And maybe I'm not, like, totally up to date on everything the minute it happens, but I feel pretty well connected to what's going on in crypto Twitter by reading those 100 accounts twice a day.
Speaker B: This is alpha. First of all, two things. One, definitely a solid move. So what I actually did since was I went and, like, hit up tweet deck, and I did the same. I made myself a list, and now I just look at the tweet deck list on my. And I'm like, computer only at the moment except for spaces. So it solves a little bit of that problem, like you said. And it also explains why sometimes you gm me at, like, 06:00 p.m. that makes so much sense now. I'm always sitting here, I'm thinking, like, what time zone is this guy in? So it totally makes sense now. And that's a good tip for anybody else out there, too.
Speaker D: By the way, no ads on Twitter list.
Speaker B: That's true. Ooh, interesting. Good call. All right, so now you've got double the benefit there. Twitter lists where it's at. Appreciate you, Ryland. Thank you for the kind words. I want to go back to circles first, then Joe, and then Chris.
Speaker F: So two quick things. One, also, I need to know y'all's mayo.
Speaker B: The pros are, oh, I forgot about the mayo.
Speaker F: And then two on bacon. Back in college days, I used to proclaim my love of bacon, and I still like it. And it was so much that I said I could eat, like, a plate full of bacon. So we go to this giant ass mortgage forg all you can eat buffet with a ton of breakfast foods, and I start off the plate with a side of bacon, and the friends are all like, nah, man, you gotta do a full plate of bacon. I regretfully was unable to finish the full plate and from henceforth remained in this person's phone as first name, sir. Bacon failure. Last name. So careful what you wish for. When it comes to a plate full of bacon, whilst it is delicious, it will eventually defeat you.
Speaker B: That's. That's pretty hilarious, actually. Mayo take. I was. I used to be anti mayo, mostly, like, almost my whole life. And I feel like in my thirties, I've developed a taste for it more an acceptance of it. Like, it's not going anywhere, you know what I mean? I think for most of my life, I thought that we would just as a society phase out mayo. And the fact is it's not going anywhere, so I might as well just get used to it. And so I'm not like, seek. I wouldn't call myself a mayo seeker. Like, I'm not out here in these mayo streets just like seeking it, you know? But I'm not. I'm not a mayo denier either. Like, it's got its place and it's good for what it's good for. What are you, what do you think? Chamber.
Speaker A: Very similar, actually. I wouldn't say I hated mayo, but, like, I didn't. Like, I didn't go. I wasn't seeking it out anyway.
Speaker B: You're not eating mayo sandwiches?
Speaker A: I eat mayo sandwiches. No, but in my thirties, I feel like I was romantic by it again, but I do not so much in, like, sandwiches, but I think mayo on a burger is a must.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I sometimes will dip, like, a specific style of fry a fry. Yeah, I will dip a fry a mayo and then I. It's delicious. Guys, I don't know what you.
Speaker B: That's how the bridge.
Speaker A: You guys like jizz Ram on ranch, on everything.
Speaker B: What did you just say? What are you saying?
Speaker A: You Americans, you guys put ranch on it? Gotta have a look. Gotta have a little mayo dip.
Speaker B: Well, that was another topic this morning. Mayo or sorry, ranch and blue cheese came up this morning.
Speaker A: Yeah. And then I do use it on if I make grilled cheeses for the kids.
Speaker B: Oh, that's one I've never thought of or ever.
Speaker A: It works extremely well. Instead of butter.
Speaker B: Oh, that's kind of sounds disgusting, but I would probably eat it.
Speaker A: It's honestly, it makes a beautiful crust.
Speaker B: Destin mayo. Des is jizzing mayo.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Right now. Yeah. He. What is it about our thirties that makes them? Is it that we've just really settled into mediocrity, just middle aged white guys? It's like we've accepted our fate as totally mediocre, so we might as well accept a mediocre condiment.
Speaker G: I'm gonna, I'm gonna hop in and volunteer. Why it might be in our thirties that we accept Mayo because I am here with you on that. And it's because of just how fucking embarrassing it is to be a picky eater as an adult. And we just, we get past it because it is so embarrassing.
Speaker B: I actually think that's a, that's a pretty good take. It is.
Speaker A: I use that. I use that same reasoning with my kids. Both my kids are extremely picky eaters. And I always tell my wife, I'm like, don't worry about it. They're gonna get shamed into eating. Eating stuff when they get older. And same thing happened with me.
Speaker B: That might have been my. That might be my mayo arc. It might have actually been the formation of it. However, I mean, we're going to get an anti mayo take here, and we're going to Joe, and then we'll go down to Chris.
Speaker H: I mean, I didn't come up to fud the mayo. It's disgusting. And.
Speaker A: Are you 30?
Speaker H: I can't. I can't remember the last time I was 30. Chamber. But, like. But, like, I came up first to get clarification from chamber because his style of eating cereal seemed intense on wasting as much milk as possible. And I started thinking, and I was sitting right here listening to this nonsense, and I started thinking, I said, is it a canadian thing? Because the bag of milk just seems so inadequate as a delivery mechanism for the milk that maybe in the chamber household, they're just like, we got to get rid of this shit as fast as possible. Bags of this shit everywhere. So it just seemed like you're just like, hey, fill that fucker up as high as you possibly can with the milk. I'm gonna take one last sip and dump the rest of that shit out. So that's what's going on and on. Mayo. Mayo's disgusting. My brother is the chef, the family. He's down there, uh, down south in the audience, uh, defending the workhorse mentality of the mayo and cooking, which I will totally say is accurate. Um, but also, he relents and says, that is actually disgusting as fuck as a spread.
Speaker B: Do you. Do you guys know what Portillo's is? You ever heard of Portillo's?
Speaker H: Uh, yeah.
Speaker B: I bet you one in a million knows Portillo's being.
Speaker H: Can I just also say real quick, to defend the Americans, um, I don't jizz ranch on anything good for you.
Speaker G: Are you even american if you don't jizz ranch?
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker H: I'm not jizzing my ranch on anything. It is in that. It is in that band white category of gross things.
Speaker G: Okay, I'm gonna. I'm gonna rudely interrupt one more time, and then I swear to God, I'm gonna wait to get called on, I promise. And I have shared what I do. If Mayo is required, specifically, if mayo is more of a key ingredient than I really want to admit in something, like a lot a, which I must say is probably your best grill accompaniment in the summer, which is like, mexican grilled street corn. Must have mayo. So I make my own, and I posted the recipe. And don't, oh, throw up top. Yeah, I did. Don't fud me specifically saying cuisinart. The reason you need to use a cuisinart food processor is because cuisinart, unlike every other food processor I have come into it, had an encounter with. This is not a fact. Like, this is just my anecdotal experience. Cuisinart has a tiny hole in the bottom of the plunger of the lid that's perfect for emulsifying things that you're making. So you pour the oil into that tiny hole, and it will slowly drip it into your mayo if you're making it, and that's how you get the proper emulsification. So if you're going to make a recipe that uses mayo and it's, like, a significant ingredient, or if you're, like, you know, really extra and serving sandwiches or burgers or whatever, highly recommend we are.
Speaker B: So there's a lot to unpack here. One I don't think anybody should be hating on a cuisinart. I'm pro queanous. Was that picky eater comment because you are a picky eater? Because I can't. I can't understand. I'm trying to rectify your comment with your mayo take.
Speaker G: Yeah. Okay. So I was a very picky eater as a kid. Like, I was white. Foods only for a very long time. Chicken breast noodles. That's rice, right? Like, that's it. Slowly integrated additional foods and vegetables. It's only in the past, like, couple of years, I've accepted things like mushrooms, seafood. Took me a super long time. I still won't get near beets or goat cheese, because I think those things are just fucking abominations, and I don't want them served anywhere around me, but I've come a long way, and so.
Speaker B: You'Re a recovering embarrassment, is what you're saying.
Speaker G: It's true. Yes. I have, like, scarred myself plenty of times. Like, I don't even know who I am if I'm not constantly making ass of myself, but at least something to do with food pickiness. At this point, however, alcohol helped a whole bunch.
Speaker B: I'm not sure how that plays into the food pyramid, but I'm glad Chris, what's up?
Speaker G: Plays into the bravery scale.
Speaker B: There you go.
Speaker E: I'm glad that Emily jumped in there, because I. I was dying about the ranch thing. Chamber. That's not an american thing. That's not. That's not how any of that works, but I am with you on the Max cereal per bowl and then just enough milk. Like, I'm still searching for that mythical bowl of cereal where you run out of cereal and milk at the same time. One day, I will accomplish that. It's probably one of my life goals. There is such a thing as poorly cooked bacon. It can be too cooked or not cooked enough. However, there's no such thing as too much bacon if properly cooked. And I have to retract my previous take from coffee with captain this morning and revise it a little bit. If I don't know it's in it, it's fine. There it is. As bird spy says, there's an appropriate thing level of, you know, inclusion in recipes for mayo, but mayo by itself, just. It should be illegal. Yeah. So, yeah, those are my.
Speaker B: I remember, like, I remember when I was a kid at, like, lunche, and the dare would be to eat a spoonful of mayo without gagging, and I couldn't do it. I couldn't do it.
Speaker E: They put kids in outer school suspension for that now. It's called bullying. The thing you're talking about in your younger years is something my adult daughter still does my wife and I make. We fud her and call it the beige diethye because it's noodles and potatoes, mashed potatoes, and chicken breasts and cheese pizza. And that's, like, the only shit she eats. And she. She pays her own bills, her own taxes. She is a grown woman.
Speaker A: And how old are we talking about here? I need an age.
Speaker E: Turned 22. But she's been like that since she was, like, I don't know, 16. And my wife and I. I feel.
Speaker A: Like 25 is when things start to shift.
Speaker G: Wait, she regressed?
Speaker E: No, no, that. That is where she's at right now. So she started that probably when she was, like, 15 or 16. And my wife and I. Yeah, so she regressed.
Speaker G: Like, she ate like a normal person and then went back to it as a teenager.
Speaker E: She reverted back to, basically, the beige diet. And my wife and I. Yeah, I.
Speaker B: Have a. I have a buddy like that. I have a buddy that basically eats like he's my two year old chicken nuggets and fries, and that's basically all he has. Embarrassing.
Speaker E: Any sort of processed potato product. Chicken nuggets? Yeah, it's. I'm just like, really? You're not going to eat, like, a vegetable or something? She's like, potatoes are vegetables. I'm like, nah, nah, that's not how that works.
Speaker B: Chamber the fact that you just said, that's so embarrassing. I think Emily has the right comment of the day. It is. It is embarrassing to be a picky eater as an adult. I think.
Speaker A: Absolutely.
Speaker B: I think that's an accurate statement. We're going one in a million, Morgan, and then back around. One in a million. Gm. I didn't get to my portillo's point, but I will after you speak. What do you do? You know Portillo's, I assume?
Speaker I: Of course. Of course. I'm in Chicago. What's your portillo's point?
Speaker B: Well, it has to do with mayo. If you've ever been to a portillo's, you know, one of their delectable treats is the. I forget what they call it. The cake. Oh, the cake. Chocolate cake shake. That's what they call it. And it has this very moist chocolate cake blended inside the shake. They also serve pieces of that very moist chocolate cake solo. And it is a. I would say, one of, if not the most popular menu item. Uh, specific. Definitely the most dessert. Popular dessert item. Uh, fun fact, how they keep the cake so moist is they actually used mayonnaise in it.
Speaker C: And nobody say moist one more time.
Speaker B: Moist. Moist.
Speaker I: I just threw up in my mouth.
Speaker G: Thank you for capitalizing that. Um, so we talked about this earlier today when I crashed another space and had to run. But it's because you're gonna use oil and you're going to use egg yolks, and if you can emulsify the oil into a fluffier texture, it's gonna have a better. Here we go. Moist penetration of that chocolate cake to make a better mouth feel for it.
Speaker B: It's delicious. I'm not bashing it. I just think that it is for most people to hear. All right.
Speaker G: It's a secret ingredient in so many things.
Speaker B: I don't doubt that at all. One in a million. Back to your topic. Sorry.
Speaker I: I mean, how do I have a single topic? Honestly? I got to pick up my kids, and I was about an hour into the pod with coffee with captain. And thanks for throwing that up so fast, guys. It really speeds up my time.
Speaker B: That's our boy. Pain. Shout out to pain.
Speaker I: Way to go, pain, because that is awesome. And it speeds up my life 50% of the time when I can't listen in the morning. So I appreciate that, but I have a maybe controversial but maybe heartwarming take on the mayo and then a quick. Actually, I'll start with the breakfast take. So my breakfast take is when I started listening to coffee with captain a while back. I totally fudded Steve for eating fucking real food in the morning. And then as he explained it, I was like, hmm, I'm a curious person. I don't disagree at all with what he's saying. So I'm gonna shout out some flowers to Steve.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker I: And I don't disagree at all. It's like, eh, eat what the fuck you want. And I started telling my kids that too, to be honest. I was like, you know what? You don't have to have a fucking frozen waffle, which is weak ass anyways. Like, you can have eggs, you can have chicken, you can have whatever the fuck you want. It doesn't have to be cereal, waffles, eggs, and bacon. But I do love that stuff. And my quick favorite on the top five is skillet. A really good skillet I would prefer for breakfast. And then here's my quick, controversial take on Mayo. So it goes back to when I was a kid, didn't have a lot of money, and my mom would make plain white bread bologna, which is also disgusting fucking american cheese, which, you know, like the name brand, and then miracle Whip, not Mayo. And I could still eat one of those fuckers today. Otherwise, I'm, like, grossed out by it. But brings me back to my childhood. So those are my quick takes.
Speaker B: My son decided he was going to subscribe to the eat whatever he wants diet. And I just posted a picture above that is a face full of mulch. This weekend, he decided that while he was outside, what he wanted to eat was mulched. And. And then he came over to me and said, dada yummy mulch. And I said, you do you, buddy. I'm not changing that diaper. But there he is. Morgan, Gm.
Speaker G: Gm. Gm. I wanted to jump in here.
Speaker B: This is.
Speaker G: We've passed this topic for a while now because mayonnaise is obviously very controversial subject. But I wanted to say that I would love to see a freaky Friday episode based off what Ryland was talking about earlier, where you and Chad switch places for the day. And I see Chad in all of your meetings.
Speaker A: Who's Chad?
Speaker B: Sorry, chamber.
Speaker G: I'm broken. It's been a while since I've been on Twitter spaces, so I don't know what I'm doing here anymore. But I want to see Chamber take all of your meetings for the day.
Speaker B: And UB chamber for the day. Would we have to body switch just personality swap person?
Speaker G: No, no, no. You'd have to body switch. It's a full switch. Can we show up to all of our meetings one day?
Speaker B: I don't know if I. I don't know if I know how to operate that thing.
Speaker A: That's what I'm gonna say.
Speaker B: Is there an instruction manual? Is there an instruction manual for that monstrosity?
Speaker G: I'm picturing you as one of the aliens sitting in his brain from men in black. Just, like, moving the body around.
Speaker B: I don't know if I'd be able to keep my hands out of that beard, to be honest.
Speaker A: It's hard.
Speaker B: I'm for it. Let's. I'm sure AI will figure out body switching pretty quickly.
Speaker A: You are going.
Speaker G: That'll freak him out.
Speaker B: You are going to love it. All right, we've got back to circles, Joe, and then we'll close it down with Emily, the pirate who has commandeered the ship. Circles. That's it. Circles is googling. Body switching? Does body. Is body switching real?
Speaker A: Will body switching make me like mayo.
Speaker B: Joe, back to you.
Speaker H: You guys remember, like, when vice versa and that other movie came out, like, within a year of each other, and it was like this. It was like, Fred Savage and Judge Reinhold switch places as father son, and then remember that, right? One's called vice versa. I can't remember what the other one.
Speaker B: Was called, but why does that always happen where there's, like, two alike movies coming at the same time? Like parrot trap and. What was the other one with? The Olsen twins?
Speaker H: Yeah, it. I try not to watch anything with them in it, including full house, but, um. No, no. Uh, the best breakfast is dim sum. Um, that. That's the best breakfast. I could eat that every day. Um, buffet. Bacon, uh, sucks ass. It should not be allowed to occur.
Speaker B: Because I saw that as an official take from your brother down in the comments.
Speaker H: Well, then he's. He's been to the same shitty ass buffets that I have, and I can't trust Mackie anymore after his bacon tape because, um.
Speaker B: Come on, man.
Speaker H: It's fucking bacon. Like anything that comes from a pork's belly is, uh, including pork belly is yummy.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker D: I'm a fan of pork.
Speaker B: Yeah, I like pork chops. I like pork stew chunks. But don't put your bacon on a fucking burger.
Speaker A: Like, what did you say, punk?
Speaker B: Pork chops do any work. Stew chunks.
Speaker H: Bacon is. Is capable of handling any culinary challenge. It's bacon. You just put it on a burger, wrap it around shrimp, wrap it on a scallop, eat it, whatever.
Speaker B: It's bacon. If I cover it in Mayo, if I could get all the bacon shirts, all the I love bacon t shirts. In the world and burn them. I would. Wow.
Speaker A: I agree with that.
Speaker B: Mackie.
Speaker A: I'm on team. I'm on team Mackie on this one. You burn those things to the ground.
Speaker B: Die a hero, or come to Twitter spaces long enough to become the villain. That's how it works. Someone clip me and make me super viral. Please give me the Kevin Rose treatment on bacon. Some think bacon is going to lead to artificial superintelligence. You know, I'm not sure what the validity of that is, but some think that people are saying it. Emily, back to you. And then we'll close this thing down.
Speaker G: So it reminds me of why I got up here in the first place.
Speaker B: I don't know why that's so funny.
Speaker G: And Joe saying something like, dim sum is the best breakfast. I think we have to have the level of self awareness where when we talk about american breakfast, it's just that we're talking about american breakfast, and, like, the entire planet does not eat what Americans eat for breakfast. And that changes your breakfast take severely. Right? Like, you know, having, like, eggs and bacon or, you know, cold cereal and milk is, like, pretty american in nature. And that, I think, affects your breakfast takes. And that also reminds me of someone who's not here. So I don't think I can call them out by name. But there is a member of the Djen network who legitimately thinks that you need to cook bacon in oil. And, like, I just can't even respond to that with words, only violent gestures.
Speaker B: Isn't that how you set your house on fire?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Correct.
Speaker G: Yeah. This person's like, yeah, I put a.
Speaker B: Little olive oil in the pan.
Speaker G: So I cook everything with olive oil and then put the bacon in there. What are you doing? Bacon. It's like, the oil is pretty. You don't need to add oil. It's like adding salt.
Speaker H: That happened.
Speaker G: That happened. That is the war room right now of somebody. Yeah. If you go, which one of you thinks that you need to cook bacon in oil? I don't know if they'll show themselves, but I'll call them out if they try to deny it.
Speaker B: The point about american breakfast, I think, is a good one. During all of the breakfast and bagel chat this morning, Randall, aka Twitter Bay, was in the war room. And he is, I. I believe, in England, but he's definitely somewhere in Europe. And he, I could, like, feel the just appalled nature of his responses of, like, the stuff we were talking about. And so I think you're totally spot on there as far as most of these takes. Being almost solely american today, I said we were going to close it down with Emily, but circles got rugged before, so he is back and he started this train. So it's only fitting that body switching circles is ending at circles.
Speaker F: Wow. You're so welcome for this complete shenanigans. That initial reason that I raised my hand completely goldfish brains. But I'm 97% as a start. And I remember the person, Emily, that you're talking about. And I believe that's my magnanimous co host, is it not, that we're referencing here.
Speaker B: It is.
Speaker G: So your co host.
Speaker F: That is my man, the legends, the one and only fundy r and r we had to.
Speaker A: The man who was not long for this world.
Speaker G: Do you remember? I like, went. I like, went into that ring. I was like, no, bundy, no. You don't cook bacon with oil.
Speaker B: He's gonna set that beard on fire.
Speaker G: The whole neighborhood down.
Speaker F: But yes, he was schooled on the propers of bacon and why it is already oiled.
Speaker G: No, he wasn't. He flunked that class. He did not accept the answer. He was like, I'm still gonna cook bacon in oil. And I was like, you did not do that ever. Please.
Speaker H: It was like, father, like son. That was the fucking movie. It just came to me. I was fucking sitting here and I was like, dudley Moore is in this fucking movie with that weirdo her.
Speaker B: Cameron. Oh, sorry.
Speaker H: I was fucking dying here. Thanks, guys. That's a fucking floridian guy. A bunch of shit. Because why the hell would you add oil to bacon?
Speaker B: That is a great place to end this chamber. Any last words here? This was a fun reentry for me. I didn't have to talk about NFts, which was nice. The. This was much more fun and very on brand for us. So appreciate you all jumping in. Chamber thoughts?
Speaker A: It's a good show. Glad you're back. I thought a good, a good fun show would. Would help, you know, move the needle a little bit.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker I: Well, yeah.
Speaker A: You feeling good?
Speaker B: I mean, yeah, but I won't be here Friday, so.
Speaker A: Is that true?
Speaker B: Yeah, that's actually true. I'm actually going to. I'm going to a bachelor party on Friday, and it is with that group that was talking about weird mayo at the dinner table, so that should be fun. Fun fact about this bachelor party, which, you know, it's just. It just shows how much of a great connector I am. The bachelor met his fiancee at my bachelor party at a bar in Savannah, Georgia, and they are now on their way to be married. How crazy is that?
Speaker G: Was she the stripper you hired? Please tell me she was the stripper you hired.
Speaker B: No, we met. That is absolutely 100% correct, chamber. I am far too classy for that behavior. No, we ended up in Savannah going to the same bar every night at the end because it was a fun. It was this fun irish dive bar, which is totally up my alley. And one of the nights, she was there with a bachelorette party, and she was actually wearing a blue wig when they met, and my buddy was so drunk that he actually thought she had blue hair. So the next time they hung out, that was a fun surprise for him. And now they are well on their way to get married. I love it. Pending, you know, no shenanigans this weekend.
Speaker G: I have two questions. One, does he, like, acknowledge the fact that he wanted some sort of an alt girl and got catfished? And two, can you tell me more about what your friends do for bachelor parties? Because my husband and all of his friends always just, like, rent a really fancy cabin up in Lake Tahoe. That's, like, I don't know, the lake mountain vacation spot. If you live in northern California and, like, do all the drugs and then go gambling and, like, that's it. They all do the exact same thing every single time. And they stopped hiring hookers because there's only two of them, and one of them has, like, an upsetting c section scar or something, but that's. Yeah.
Speaker B: Anyways, so the only ones in Tahoe, our bachelor parties, I feel like, are pretty tame. I mean, from the trope, as far as the trope of bachelor parties go, we are actually headed up to Cape Cod, Massachusetts, for the weekend.
Speaker C: These are some classy locations for bachelor party Savannah.
Speaker B: We're old men, man.
Speaker G: You're doing the whitest, the whitest thing we've ever heard of, which is Cape Cod.
Speaker B: This guy, my buddy, you know, just by looking at him, you'd think he was a pediatrician. He's not, but that's just kind of, like, the look and vibe he's got. He's just got, uh, no, he's not a salmon blazer guy. He's a, like, white. He's a white polo shirt and khaki shorts guy. That's.
Speaker C: That's how I would describe salmon blazer Ryan Carson. Dig. That's pretty funny if it is.
Speaker G: Yeah.
Speaker B: I'm not sure if it was meant intentionally, but it could be.
Speaker G: It absolutely was meant for that.
Speaker B: Des, any parting words before we?
Speaker C: Welcome back, man. Happy to have you. I don't get to say welcome back as much as you to me.
Speaker B: So welcome back. That's fair enough. How's your recovery going?
Speaker C: It sucks. I'm still in this pirate leg looking like contraption, but I'm getting there.
Speaker B: How much longer?
Speaker C: About two weeks till I'm walking.
Speaker B: Oh, by the way, you're not walking right now.
Speaker A: What I do, this is all news to me. But maybe for a Friday.
Speaker B: Maybe for Friday. Let's go through the whole thing. I still didn't do that artifact thing, and I'm upset about it. Yeah, so. And I also have to apologize to chamber because his are supposed to be coming to me as well, so that's fun. We could talk about that later. The that's going to do it for us today. Thanks for everybody showing up and participating in the breakfast shenanigans. Thank you, circles, for giving us the topic. And until next time, statement in honor of Lil Dicky and switching up appearances. Here we go.
Speaker H: Yes.
Speaker B: Good.
Speaker A: Ain't nobody judging cause I'm black wear my controversial past I'm gonna go and see a movie and relax. Hey, I'm a club but I can finally wear blue why's his mama calling all the time?
Speaker B: Leave me the fuck alone, bitch. Wait.
Speaker A: If I'm a diggy body breezy as.
Speaker B: Hell hold my daughter's in school brown.
Speaker A: Where would I be?
