Speaker A: What have I done? What have I become? I can't describe this. This is my mid mic crisis.
Speaker B: He was convicted years ago, but it wasn't by peers. He was sentenced for two lives, but that's too many years. There's a man with a plan to get the guy out. He's orange, yet tan. When he whispers, he shout.
Speaker A: When Don freezes Ross, it'll be the right choice. When Don freeze Ross, the world will rejoice.
Speaker B: When Don freeze well, no, I hate it here, and I don't want to do it anymore. It is bad for my mental health to have to do a crypto podcast twice a week.
Speaker C: We can do it once a week. I mean, if that makes it any better.
Speaker B: It's the crypto. It's not the podcast. You can understand that why our most fun shows are when we talk less about crypto. It's because I don't have to reflect on how terrible I am at it.
Speaker C: Oh, it is pretty terrible. Yes, I do know. So, what do we got?
Speaker B: I just, like, shouldn't be able to touch anything. Like, I should just, you know, make a decision, and it's either moon or dust, and don't ever let me touch it.
Speaker C: You know, I found myself even perusing the shitcoin season portion of our discord and the DJ discord and almost bought some bags just for the sake of it, just to feel something. And I stopped myself.
Speaker B: Don't do it.
Speaker C: I know. Every. Every chart I pulled up was just terrible.
Speaker B: Yet all I heard, I think I never. Thank you, God, this is pissing me off so much. And this is why I hate Twitter. And I need to reconfigure my algorithm. And I'm just unfollowing everybody because I can't take it. Everybody seems to be making money except for me, and I'm just losing money. So what are they making money on?
Speaker C: And where are they? Cause every chart I pull up, I'm like, oh, that's garbage. Garbage, garbage. I mean, the only thing that hasn't been garbage lately is the ETh chart has looked good, and bitcoin has looked good.
Speaker B: Our pepe coins are on the way back up, if you've. If you've had any of that.
Speaker C: I don't even know if I have those anymore.
Speaker B: Oh, see, I sold some out for. Because I literally couldn't stomach the losses I was taking. And then I waited until I got some bullish confirmation to jump back in, and I got back in at around $4, and now we're sitting at a 575 price. So.
Speaker C: Looking good.
Speaker B: I think it's going to rip to all time highs and beyond here soon. Hopefully. That's my wishful thinking, but I need quite a move on my pepe coins to feel good about what I'm doing.
Speaker C: I'm looking at some of the. Looking at some of the bigger caps, like, whiff. Looks like it's wanting to see all that money falling out of your.
Speaker B: That was my wedding ring.
Speaker C: He's withering away. Just.
Speaker B: Dude, it literally fell. Did I tell you the story about how it just fell off my finger?
Speaker C: Well, if you lose weight, that's what happens. Mine has done that a couple of times.
Speaker B: It fell off my finger, and I lost it for, like, three days. And it was just hidden in my. In my son's room on the throw rug, and I just could not see it. And the babysitter found it one day.
Speaker C: You have a babysitter?
Speaker B: We have a. I guess I don't know if you'd call her a babysitter or a nanny. She comes once a week on Wednesdays to give my wife some sanity from the two tasmanian devils that we love.
Speaker C: I just guilt my wife into just sucking it up. Like, what are you doing?
Speaker B: Well, I mean, look, it's the double boy energy, and, bro, that's a whole other thing.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, no, I see it. I see it. I have. I have other people in my life that have the double boy. That's. That's not a lifestyle for me.
Speaker B: Three and a half and a 20 month double boy, no doubt, just to get two nannies. That's what I mean. I wish. I wish I could give her, you know, a full time nanny, but not. Not in the.
Speaker C: How do you go about selecting something like that?
Speaker B: Bumble.
Speaker C: Bumble. I already know that is.
Speaker B: Come on. You didn't get it? I was gonna go with Tinder, but I went with Bumble instead.
Speaker C: Which one's bumble?
Speaker B: Bumble. Bumble's the other dating app, which is. The unique thing about Bumble is the female has to initiate the chat. So even if you both swipe, the female has to initiate the chat.
Speaker C: Unbelievable.
Speaker B: But no, we found. I think we found her on care.com, and she's been with us now for. Since my oldest was born, so. Three years.
Speaker C: We've never had a babysitter or anything like that ever. Isn't that crazy?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's fantastic. It's like. I mean, it's a good thing for, like, she even comes and does, you know, we'll do date night once a month, so she comes and we get to go out, and she puts them to bed, and, you know, it's great.
Speaker C: Unbelievable. Yeah, that's. Blows my mind.
Speaker B: Anyway.
Speaker C: Yeah. So I look at. I'm looking at meme coins like whiff and bonk, and they're crushing it. I hear, you know, we titled the show.
Speaker B: I think. I think our problem is. I think. I think our problem is we're looking too much at low caps.
Speaker C: I think so. I think. You know what?
Speaker B: I think you're trying to hit the lottery.
Speaker C: I'm with you on this one.
Speaker B: I think we're trying to hit the lottery. You're trying to hit the ten x. You're trying to hit the hundred x and just the hit rate on them. You need to size appropriately if you're going to do that. And because, you know, no one out of every 100 will get you there. And most of them are rugs. Right. That, I think, is part of the problem, if I had to guess.
Speaker C: See, I have. I have trouble, like, stuff with, like, I have whiff and Bonk brought up here, but, like, what's the. I have. I have trouble putting my confidence in those massive, like, I think these are, you know, multi billion dollar caps I don't have in front of me right now, but, say billion dollar meme coin caps. Okay.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker C: And they're all.
Speaker B: Those are multi billions, right?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Whiffs probably a 3 billion ish right now, if I just was guessing. And bonk, you're talking multi billions yet. Is it multi billions as well? So then you got the shibs of the world, which are like 50 billions, and, um. But it's kind of counterintuitive to your point, right. It's. It's. The higher they go, the stronger they become. Right, right.
Speaker C: And then ideally, you want to buy a bag on a big pullback. But I have trouble. I have.
Speaker B: Yeah, because you're like, oh, there's so much room to fall.
Speaker C: So much room to fall.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: But they. They also. I mean, every time I'm. Again, just looking at these charts, they all recall, like, these two particular ones, you know, recover, build support, and, you know, whiff looks like it could go to all time high bonks, like, on the press. On, like, the precipice of all time high.
Speaker B: Like, oh, yeah, bonks. Cruising.
Speaker C: Yeah, like, it's. It's crazy. So, yeah, I think you're right. I think. I think the move is quality positions in bigger caps.
Speaker B: Yes. And eventually, you know, if you're playing the small cap game, you can. You should play with the size that is appropriate for that. Right. Like, been my problem trying to hit home runs with, man.
Speaker C: I was throwing, like, ten soul. Everything.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. And now I have zero soul, so.
Speaker C: I literally have no soul.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, and I. No actual soul either, so. Yeah. But with actually looking super strong. Uh, yeah, it's about to. It's basically breaking out on the daily chart as we speak.
Speaker C: Yes, I'm seeing that as well. So I don't know.
Speaker B: You're going to run to. You're going to run at least 450. Yeah, you'll run at least to 420, and then next stop, 458, and then potentially $5 all time high ish. Yeah.
Speaker C: Like, that's wild. Wild.
Speaker B: Yeah, I would. I wish. I wish I could start over this. This season. I agree. Can we just.
Speaker C: Yeah, could I get him? I wish I could start over November 2023, please.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's what I. That's what I really wish. And now I wish to not be here.
Speaker C: Can I go back to.
Speaker B: Can I go back to 2017? 2017. Yes, exactly. Exactly. Anyway, did you want to talk about. What do you want to talk about? You want to talk about the new celebrity meta?
Speaker C: Yes, I do. Because I don't know what's happening, and I feel like you're plugged in a little bit more on the Caitlyn Jenner stuff.
Speaker B: Like, so again, this has been wild.
Speaker C: So I haven't been following. I'll tell you what I know and then tell me how far off I am. So I think Caitlyn Jenner started pumping her own meme coin and then dumped on everybody. Is that right? Or way off?
Speaker B: Sort of. I mean, it's kind of. It's kind of way off. Like, what actually ended up happening? Like, it's. It's pretty weird. So let's see. What is this timeline where. Well, what day was this? Even I. Shit. Is it Saturday? Sunday.
Speaker C: On the weekend?
Speaker B: Yeah. Well, I don't even know what day it is today. Maybe it was. Yeah, it was Sunday. I don't know.
Speaker C: Because you had Monday off, right? You had the long weekend.
Speaker B: Yes. Right. So today is what, Tuesday?
Speaker C: Yeah, today's Tuesday.
Speaker B: I legitimately don't even know. Hold on. I'm just gonna pull up the chart here. And this will. Yeah. So it's two days. It's two days old only. So it launched on the 26th. So that would have been Sunday.
Speaker C: Sunday.
Speaker B: So Sunday, the initial video and tweet come out from the main Caitlyn Jenner account and basically tweets, like, a contract address and that this was launched on pump funeral. The thing starts going.
Speaker C: She used pumped off on.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker C: That's wild. Right away. Wild.
Speaker B: This is. This was launched on pump and comes out of pump. People are like, what is happening? You know, the Caitlyn Jenner account has 3 million followers, 2 million followers. Something crazy, right? And she's just out here tweeting away that this, you know, launched Jenner, blah, blah, blah, this and that. So, like, when did you actually start seeing this and paying attention to it? Because there's a lot to this story. And I would say it's like, still unfolding.
Speaker C: That's amazing. I would say, like on, on the 27th, like, yesterday is when I started noticing.
Speaker B: Got it.
Speaker C: I think when people started losing money is when I started hearing about it.
Speaker B: Well, I mean.
Speaker C: Oh, I guess, yeah, I lost money early too. So maybe it was.
Speaker B: So as one of the, as one of the only people who's lost money on this, I can tell you that it was hard to lose. It was hard to lose money on it, but I did it.
Speaker C: I'm looking at the chart and I'm like, I know where you lost money.
Speaker B: I did it in spectacular fashion. Early.
Speaker C: Were you early on this one?
Speaker B: Super early. So I was in here. I was in. I was in, like, literally jumped in, saw this when it hit. After it hit radium. I'm just trying to get in as fast as possible. And I got in around, I don't know, 8 million market cap is when I got in.
Speaker C: And I currently at 22 million.
Speaker B: Yeah, I bought a big, I bought a large bag, like twelve soul, something like that. All right. And, you know, which is pretty big for. Yeah, a pump token. But I'm like, okay, this is gonna go. I'm like, this is gonna go. And as I'm. As I'm buying, like, you literally couldn't get a swap through. As I'm buying. I, like the tweets are coming out there comes on this Twitter space with books and bark, which are kind of notoriously scammer people. And the Caitlyn Jenner account is on the space talking. And it's apparently allegedly the manager, her manager, Sophia Hodgins hedges. I don't. I don't know the name, but. And then she puts a video out and is like, hey, this isn't a hack or so. Well, first of all, then it came out that like, oh, this must be a hackley. And like, the dev wallet was selling and all of this stuff. And so this is where I lose money, right? So it got to around. It got to like 22 million on that first day. And so I was up for quite a bit and I didn't sell it. And it's coming back down. It's coming back down. And everybody's like, oh, this is a hack. And then so it's. And the dev wallet is selling, and so it's a. Starts dumping very aggressively hard. And it goes from the 22 million to, I don't know, about 5 million.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: And at this point, I'm like, okay, this is a scam. I'm just going to cut my losses and get out. Right? And the manager, like, because actually the thing that did it for me where I was like, oh, I'm going to, I'm gonna.
Speaker C: So would you salvage about like seven soul?
Speaker B: No, five, maybe five. Yeah. And so, okay, so I promise you.
Speaker C: This is our last show.
Speaker B: Now the, so now the thing that actually made me sell the bottom washing other celebrity accounts started tweeting that they were launching tokens and they were dropping, like, the same wallet address, and the same wallet address was deploying these tokens and selling them. So, like, rich, the kid who is a rapper, had one come out and people were like, oh, this person is not even smart enough to change the wallet, right? And so you could see that all these wallet or that the same wallet was dumping a bunch of tokens, launching it, all this stuff. And so that's when I was like, oh, okay, this is going to zero. But it, like, still didn't make sense. You've got this main Caitlyn Jenner account tweeting about how much market cap and volume this token is doing. And they're like, oh, we're going to push it to 50 million today, blah, blah, blah, this and that. And then the manager comes on the Twitter space. It was a very weird thing. Then she posts a video, which was also really weird and had, like, this crazy filter on it that people were like, oh, this is a deep fake. And she's like, oh, Caitlin is on the golf course, but don't worry, she wasn't hacked. Blah, blah, blah. And so that's where I sold the bottom was like five mil. And then the first actual Caitlyn Jenner video comes out and she's talking about how she was on the golf course, but the crypto project is very real, and thanks to their manager for getting it all done, blah, blah, blah. And so then this thing starts going crazy again. But the people were still like, oh, this is a deep fake. Because there was this, you know, the video, they were still using a filter. I guess.
Speaker C: Very suspicious.
Speaker B: Yeah. And the video had like a wonky eyebrow or whatever. This is the level of detail we're going. So. But now I'm out and I just have fomo as this thing is rocketing back up. So the Caitlyn Jenner, you know, video comes out. There's another video that came out a couple hours later with her like in a, in a robe in her room after a shower, after golf. And it was just like, yeah, the token is pumping and buy now you gotta get in now all this stuff and the token. So like overnight it went from that like 5 million bottom to 30 million ish. Okay, so it went from 5 million. Yeah, went from 5 million at like open and it hit a, it hit a high of 42 million that next morning and it kind of sold off a little bit to the 20 million mark and then it went up again to 43 million and it's kind of been down ever since. And now it's kind of recovering. So turns out that this person Sahale, which I guess they're a known scammer on avalanche or something, that they've launched a bunch of scams. And all this stuff apparently has access to all these celebrities. And like, I like in like IRL, like in real life, at least via their managers online or something, right? Because all these screenshots start coming out about this person's hail and talking in private DM's and telegram chats about how much it costs to get these celebrities to do something X, Y and Z. And so when the rich the kid thing happened, rich the kid immediately tweeted like, no, I was hacked. This is a scam. You know, this guy's to heels taking advantage of people. And that's when, that's when, like the initial dump to 5 million happened, right? And that's where I was like, okay, well, this is not real. I'm getting out. Little did I realize that, like, nobody gives a fuck if it was real or not. This thing, this thing just had insane volume. Like even to even right now in the 34 or, sorry. In the past 24 hours, it's had 34 million in volume. The thing has done over 300 million in volume since it launched. Let's, let's see if I can give you an actual volume number here. It has done $267 million in volumes in the two days since it launched. Yeah. Crazy. So that's all people care about, right? Yesterday there was some more drama around it because Caitlyn Jenner is just tweeting up a storm all about this token, the one thing I thought was weird, though, that I felt like it could have still been a scam. Was that in any of. None of the videos, did she mention the ticker? Right. So it seems like it could have just been, oh, I've paid for the. I've paid this person for these videos to reference a crypto project. Right? And so that was one thing that I thought was weird I about it. But then yesterday, at some point, she starts tweeting from the account about some other token, like promoting some other token and that. And it dumped. The jenner token dumped from 30 million in 115 minutes, 215 minutes, candles. So in 30 minutes, it dumped from 30 million to eight ish, 8.5.
Speaker C: I'm looking at it right now. That's why.
Speaker B: And it was because of the tweet promoting another token. So people were like, oh, well, this is blah, blah, blah, this isn't good. And someone came out with a screenshot from the main Caitlyn Jenner account, basically saying that they paid for this promotion for this other token for five soul. Oh, my goodness. So I don't know what the real story is on who's behind the accounts or if the accounts were hacked or whatever, but there was all these celebrity accounts that were launching tokens, etcetera, right?
Speaker C: So besides rich the kid and Caitlyn Jenner, who did some of the other.
Speaker B: Ones, you know, there was another tweet that came out from somebody that had a list of all the celebrities this person had access to. So it was like, Iggy Azalea was one. So if you look at her account as she was tweeting about Solana, and then it seems like they all realized that this was a scam. And so some have been like, well, I'm just going to launch a real token now with my team because there's all this attention. So that's what rich the kid did last night, launched his own. That's a, you know, quote unquote real one. But the. The crazy thing about the Caitlyn Jenner thing was it seemed like they actually trusted this person or knew them or something. And the manager on spaces was like, oh, yeah, this person has all of our tokens. I don't even think they're holding any because they all got sold off. And so I don't even think that the Caitlyn Jenner team is holding any of these tokens and they don't know it. And they maybe still, they maybe know it. Now I feel like I saw a tweet saying that the person scammed them or whatever, but I don't know. The whole thing is just totally wild. And now there's the celebrity token meta going on. What do you think about all this?
Speaker C: I'm excited. You see the volume. You get a little taste of fomo. As you were talking, I just kept telling myself, just don't participate. This seems like a bad idea. Don't participate. This seems like a bad idea. So I feel like, yeah, I feel like I shouldn't participate. It doesn't have. This meta is not on solid ground. You know what I'm saying? I think the foundation of this meta doesn't have very long, a very long lifespan. It's interesting. It's interesting that all being said, though, jenner might be. Might have some historical value. You know what I'm saying? It's the. It was the first. It was the first of the celebrity meta.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, it's trading. Like, it. I mean, I was shocked that it recover. I was shocked to see this morning that it recovered from that 8 million all the way back to a high of 30 million, and now it's sold off again to, like, 15, and now it's sitting about 22 ish. So with insane volume still. It's crazy.
Speaker C: This is what's happening in my head right now. So the other day, Donald Trump started talking positively about. About crypto, you know, being a topic of discussion for his campaign, you know, appealing to the crypto bros and. And broads. I don't know the relationship between Caitlyn Jenner and Donald Trump. I feel like there was one at some point. My thought, though, is, you know, if Trump is talking crypto and has a relationship with Caitlyn Jenner, what happens if I. It just, in passing, references the Jenner token in one of these outside of the courthouse interviews. Like, what happened? A billion. Does it go to a billion?
Speaker B: I don't know. I just don't want to play anymore. I'm so bad at it. I don't want to even. I don't want to play anymore.
Speaker C: I know what you mean. I know what you mean.
Speaker B: It's not even worth me speculating. I've tried to be. I've tried to be left curve, and I've gotten bit. I've tried to be mid curve, and that's bad for my mental health, because it's all stuff I'm missing, right. And I'm certainly not right curve, right? So I don't know which curve I am, but none of the curves are making me money, so I'm out.
Speaker C: Hey, everybody, just want to take a quick minute to thank you for listening to this show. If you're interested in joining the conversation, you can follow us on Twitter edmike Crisis. We do a live show every Tuesday and Friday at 04:00 p.m. eastern. Please subscribe to the show on Apple, podcast, Spotify, or wherever you're listening to this right now. Let's get back to the show. So, I mean, I do have some questions. So Caitlyn Jenner used to be Bruce Jenner. Okay. And I started thinking about, like, okay. Like, you know, as she transition, as she transitioned to Caitlin, you know, what made her choose Caitlin as the name? And it started me thinking.
Speaker B: I'm like, well, could have been a great ticker.
Speaker C: That a, could have been a great ticker. But what name, say you were, say whether you're transitioning or I say you were just born a girl. Okay. You know, your parents had you. What name would you like as an, as an alternative name?
Speaker B: I can tell you what they would have named me.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. I know this for a fact.
Speaker C: Oh, my God. What could it be?
Speaker B: Do you have any guesses?
Speaker C: Okay, so what year were you born?
Speaker B: Mid eighties.
Speaker C: Mid eighties. Okay, so, like, popular is like, there's, there's a lot, like Jennifer's and Kimberly's and I. You were a more traditional name, Rachel.
Speaker B: Not a bad. Not a bad guess. No. But you're on the right line of thinking. However, it was going to be named after my grandmother, but they were going to put a modern twist on it, I guess, at the time, I would have been. I would have been destined for onlyfans. Had they named me, it was going to be Nancy with an eye.
Speaker C: Oh, my God, my grandmother.
Speaker B: Yeah, my grandma. My feet would have been all over the Internet.
Speaker C: Oh, my goodness.
Speaker B: Yeah. Nancy with an eye is. Was going to be my name if I were a girl.
Speaker C: That's amazing.
Speaker B: Um, I've actually never thought about what I would choose.
Speaker C: Right. Like, that. That's an interesting, like, that's the, that's an interesting part of the transition, is choosing the name. And I feel like I would want.
Speaker B: To be probably the most fun part.
Speaker C: I would. I would say probably the most fun part.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: I. But I would. I think I would want to be. It's like, you know, people know my name. My name. My actual name is Chad, which is a, it's a name that comes with a lot of, you know, a lot of weight, we'll say. And I'm like, what's the equivalent? What's the female Chad? Equivalent. And I couldn't think of. I'm like, stephanie, what is the equivalent for Chad? And I don't. I couldn't. Is it like, like, this is a.
Speaker B: Good one for the. This one's a. This is a good one for the chat bubble.
Speaker C: I think I know what it is because my wife and I, we laugh about it all the time about our names, because we have to introduce ourselves to other people sometimes. Like, we have kids now and we have to introduce ourselves to parents when we go to birthday parties. And my name is Chaddhae and her name is Amber. And Amber may be the female equivalent to Chad.
Speaker B: Interesting.
Speaker C: It could be both terrible names. Both? Both. Yeah. Both names carry a lot of weight.
Speaker B: So I never realized before that, like, this is where your handle comes from. Yeah.
Speaker C: Chamber. Yeah.
Speaker B: I never knew. I never realized it until. I don't know, it was one of those I was today years old type of things, you know, and I was just like, oh, chamber. What a cool name. I did not realize that it was just a mashup of you and your wife's name.
Speaker C: I think it was our Wi fi name.
Speaker B: And I just thought, like, so were you ever, like, a joint Facebook account couple? Like, where you guys at?
Speaker C: No, I literally, I think I just took it from our Wi fi name. Like, that's our Wi fi name. And I think I just took it from there. And it helps me. I think I've mentioned in the past when I got into crypto, I wanted to keep focus on what I was doing it for. And I was just like, well, if I just have me and Amber as the focus, then I can. And that has worked out to a certain degree, I guess. But it was to help keep focus on the right things while I was being a degenerate in web three.
Speaker B: Got it. Very nice to be grounded.
Speaker C: Yeah. Tried to be.
Speaker B: Yeah. I don't. I don't know. I don't know what I'm doing this for anymore. I'm certainly not any good at it.
Speaker C: So did you have girl names for your kids?
Speaker B: We did. God, I don't even know if I. The second. Not the second one, because the second one, we found out. The first one, we did not. So I cannot remember what our I first one girl names were. I'd have to ask my wife and report back. But the second one, we didn't have to do that because we found out that we found out the gender prior. Yeah. Anyway, so that's the Caitlyn Jenner story. Celebrity meta popping off. It's basically the celebrity or Trump meta is what's going on right now in the meme coin space for new launches. I think chamber. I think the real move is like, we need to go away from new launches.
Speaker C: I agree.
Speaker B: 98% of them are rugs.
Speaker C: I think that might be generous. I think 98 is a generous number. No, I think you're correct. I think the move is, I don't know, at least for the time until the market tells us otherwise. Because I feel like right now.
Speaker B: Well, yeah, it's all still, you know, very PvP. Right. So, like, you're going.
Speaker C: And, I mean, it's more so now than it was even two months ago. Jim said.
Speaker B: Oh, a thousand percent.
Speaker C: Yes, right. Like, even two months ago when stuff like with. And prior to that, I think, I think bonk was in, in the, in 2023. Like late 2023. Like the, we were creating new billion dollar market cap meme coins back then. And now there's not a new. Do you know what I'm saying? There's not a whole league of new wallets that are holding either multiples of Ethereum or Solana because of a trade they made. You know what I mean? When a whiff or a bonk is created, it then creates more wallets, or more whale wallets, essentially, that can, then, you know, people will kind of spread that out amongst other stuff, and we get a full season of, you know what I mean, of other coins and tokens and stuff like that. And we're just not seeing that.
Speaker B: It's just called, it's called trickle down memonomics.
Speaker C: Yes, it really is trickle down memonomics. And right now, there's just not that, like, I mean, you could, again, we talked about whiff and bonk picking up speed.
Speaker B: I do think there's something to be said about the chain as well, because I do think that while Solana's ease of use is a feature, it is also why you don't see, I think, more successful tokens, because people are just in the, especially in this PVP environment. Right. Because everybody's just in and out of everything. It is just total rotation all the time. No, no. You know, loyalty to any single thing. And so it's just, you know, you're just going to be left holding the bag, which is kind of what you're saying about these larger caps. What scares you, however, the bigger the cap, the more stable it is. Right?
Speaker C: Like too big to fail sort of thing.
Speaker B: Well, yeah, the liquidity stacks with each and every buy. Right. So you're talking, you know, let's just say, let's just say like a smaller. I guess this isn't even that small. But like Pepe coins on eth, right? Like, it's only got 9500 holders. Now, there's some tokenomics here that make selling not, not favorable, right? You could be staking and all this stuff, but, you know, you're talking about 9500 holders only, and you've got a 60 or 660k or million dollar market cap with $11.6 million of liquidity, right? Like, that means your, your one little buy and sell of, even if it's a $10,000 position, barely ticks the chart, you know what I mean? But totally, that's not the case in anything under a million dollar market cap. And even I would say up to five to $10 million market cap because your liquidity is still, um, you know, super thin. You're talking about, gosh, I mean, even this pepe coin example, right? You got 20% of the market cap in liquidity. Like, that's it. So. And then in Jenner, you've got not even, not even that. You've got like 10%. Not even. Not even 10%. So you've got this Jenner token with $21 million market cap with only $1.4 million of liquidity, right? So, like, that's the problem is, is I saw a good tweet from Deez yesterday. That was, that was a good example of how to think about it. And he's like, you know, when you're looking for these tokens, use the movie theater example. And I was like, oh, I've never heard of that. He's like, don't think about how big. Don't think about how big the theater, the theater is. Think about how many people can fit through the exit when there's a fire. Meaning it's not about the market cap, it's about the liquidity, right? So I think that's a great analogy. I thought it was so good. I thought it was so good. Because it's true, right? It's like, that's the, that's the thing. And that's why, you know, there's such huge swings in these memes. And you really can't bet with size on these lower cap tokens. You just can't. Right? So, like, you can't even bet with size anything under probably 10 million, really. Like, when you're talking about real size, 10, 20, 30 soul worth, right? You have to. You certainly can't sell it all in one clip and get the most of your out of your money. Right? Like, you just can't. You have to DCA into volume. So that's why volume matters so much, is because is you need volume to get out. And if there's no volume, you can't. You. You. If there's no volume, you're going to impact the price on every buy and sell greatly. And especially if you're in selling scenarios, if you're chunking cells, you're going to start cascading stuff because it's going to look like panic. Right. So it's very weird phenomenon.
Speaker C: No, I think you're right. I'm just looking at other charts here. Like, I still think doge has an okay looking chart, but I think you're 100% right. I think. But I'm also. There's also other chains or, like, l two s that a lot of people are talking about that I'm nothing 100% bought in yet. You know, stuff like, you know, like blast and what we're seeing there, it's. I don't know.
Speaker B: Do you.
Speaker C: How do you feel about, like, that kind of stuff? Like, it playing around? I just don't think the volume's there. Again, it just feels like scams are aplenty in those l two s as well.
Speaker B: I just think you need to be where the volume is if you're going to play in those areas. Right. Like, I think blast, you know, if you listen to cap talk about blast, like, he thinks it's the best opportunity in the space right now in terms of, like, where to spend your time and how you can get rewarded. And I think. I think he's right in the sense of, like, there's chain incentives rather than. Rather than individual meme coins or platforms or whatever. It's worth spending your time over there because there's ecosystem wide incentives. By participating in any one of these individual systems, blast would be the one I'm most attracted to if I were going to go and spend my time. Time somewhere.
Speaker C: Right, but what's the volume looking like there?
Speaker B: There's. I mean, in terms of, like, TVL on the chain, it's like $2 billion, I think. So it's. There's a lot of activity over there. I don't think it has as many individual eyeballs, but there's a lot of, like, you know, I think we're. I was talking to cap the other day, and he was telling me fantasy top had, like, 30,000 active wallets, which is pretty good.
Speaker C: Not bad.
Speaker B: Yeah, like, that's. That's good. Um, that's enough to get attention when you're talking about, like, all the attention is going to go where the incentives from the chain are the most, right. So you can kind of telegraph where the attention is. And I think that's super interesting and a good opportunity. But somewhere, like, base, where we're being told is like, oh, this is going to be the chain for normies, and there's no volume over there. And, like, that. Totally not attractive to me. Right. So I think, blast, if you're going to go play in one of those other chains that were l two s, like, that's definitely the most attractive one at the current moment because you can see, like, you get, like, the protocol tells you where the attention is going to be and why. So, like, you can kind of reverse engineer some of those dynamics and find yourself in good spots, which is probably what I should have done instead of just being idiot all over Solana, you know?
Speaker C: Yeah. I mean. I mean, yeah, it's easy to go hard on yourself in retrospect. Right. So. But I want to touch on the Trump stuff real quick again, because.
Speaker B: He.
Speaker C: Came out the other day, also said that he wanted to basically release crypto legend Ross Ulbricht from prison. For those of you who don't know, Ross was one of the people behind the Silk Road, which is one of.
Speaker B: The first bitcoin super interested to hear your take on this.
Speaker C: I think.
Speaker B: Can I guess your take on it?
Speaker C: Yeah, go ahead.
Speaker B: I would say. You would guess or I would say your take is that he should not be released. Who?
Speaker C: Ross?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: No, I definitely think he should be released.
Speaker B: Oh, see, I don't know. I feel like.
Speaker C: I think Trump and him should swap if I'm being 100%.
Speaker B: Well, sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure I'm totally on board with the free Ross narrative, if I'm being totally honest.
Speaker C: Like the free Ross narrative from Trump or just in general?
Speaker B: No, in general.
Speaker C: What? I don't know. He got, like, two life sentences.
Speaker B: Yeah, but he hired a hitman to kill somebody. So you can say whatever you want about the Silk road and, you know, but wasn't it.
Speaker C: It was a CIA guy that was, like, entrapping him to hire this supposed.
Speaker B: You know, I mean, I don't know if it's. If it's alleged, it's pretty out there.
Speaker C: Yeah, but is it not entrapment? I feel like I guess you could.
Speaker B: Argue that maybe I could easily be.
Speaker C: Entrapped for that kind of thing, is what I'm saying. If somebody was like, hey, you know, you want this guy out of your life. Okay. I could be. I could be, you know, could be persuaded. But again, two life sentences seems a bit much. I mean, yeah, he's gonna spend literally the rest of his life in prison.
Speaker B: I'm gonna get cancelled for that take, I think. But that's all right. I do think you just won't see me wearing any free Ross t shirts.
Speaker C: That's fair. That's fair. I do think it's an interesting turn by Trump to kind of go heavier on the crypto, you know, the crypto community. I don't know if a, there's a big voting segment there. I feel like a lot of crypto people are not big voters. That just might be me, especially, like, the OG ones. And I don't know how much of the needle it moves, to be perfectly honest. Like, aligning yourself with, like, crypto. Do you know what I'm saying?
Speaker B: I actually, I think it's probably a bigger impact than you think in terms of. There are. I don't think being pro crypto, I don't think being pro crypto is like, oh, my God, that's gonna get me, you know, millions of extra votes.
Speaker C: Right. I think it actually loses them votes.
Speaker B: No, I think the other way. I think you. I think. I think you lose votes being anti crypto. Right? Like I said, you, you.
Speaker C: Well, listen here, listen. This is my thought.
Speaker B: I don't know how many people, if you do, you know how many people, if you ask them what their politics are, they tell you the same fucking thing. They all say. They all say, I'm socially liberal, I'm fiscally conservative. Literally every single person ever says that. I like. Right? It's the cliche.
Speaker C: I'm the opposite.
Speaker B: But that's my point, though, right? Is. So if you're going to, if you're going to talk monetary policy, you are. You don't fuck with people's money. Is the, is he?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Is the point. Right. So aligning pro crypto brings those people, brings those, you know, pro my money folks to you, or at least doesn't lose you their vote. And it may, it may even bring somebody who wasn't going to vote over to your side. I think those range of people you're talking about. Right.
Speaker C: I think it could also do the opposite. I think there's, especially in the Republican Party, I think your big bank people are. I mean, they're on both sides of the aisle, let's be honest. But I think they're a lot more vocal on the republican side. I think being pro crypto could be. And let's be honest, a lot of Republicans are probably on the fence whether or not they're going to vote for Donald Trump just based on what happened in the past. Right. And if some of these more traditional Republicans will call them, because I do think there's been a big swing, you know, going back. Tea party, your classic Reagan Republicans, nineties Republicans, you know, your bush seniors and stuff like that. These people are still voting. This is still huge part of the Republican Party. And you start talking crypto, which then takes away from their traditional, you know, their traditional finance system. That might be.
Speaker B: Yeah, but you already know that, like, Trump's gonna be your guy for that. Like, it's not. It's not one or the other. Right. No, that's fair. Like, you know, Trump is pro stock market. You know, Trump is pro x, y, and Z financial. Like, he's the make money guy. Right? So, like, you're not losing that. You're just adding, let's be honest, Trump.
Speaker C: Has lost a lot of money trying to make a lot of money. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker B: I mean, that's how I can relate. I can relate the. But, you know, my point is, you might swing a Gen Z er who's trading Solana shitters that may have some socially liberal views that by default would have voted that way in the past. Right? Like, yeah, um, I think there's plenty of them. I think there's plenty of non. I think there's plenty of non voters that you could swing somebody with that kind of stuff. Right. Like, when you think about what's important to people, it's their family, their money, and then, you know, social issues. Right. So, like, you're gonna align with the people that most closely fit your values. I think there's a younger generation that is the Robin Hood generation. That is the crypto generation. And, like, there's a lot of those voters out there that are gonna vote Democrat by default. Right. Like, I agree, but I do.
Speaker C: I do think the Democrats have done some positive stuff for crypto also. So those people still might vote Democrat. I don't think the Trump thing, like, what? I mean, didn't they just pass some stuff in the house?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's like panic move, bro.
Speaker C: I mean, move is a move.
Speaker B: They've been. They've been actively trying to handicap it for the last four years, and now it's Trump's pro crypto. We better pass this bill.
Speaker C: I feel like the bill was passed before Trump came out the other day.
Speaker B: Yeah, but I mean, the other day, sure, but he's launched NfT collection a year ago. Yeah. You know, so.
Speaker C: No, that's fair. That's fair. Okay. That's interesting. That's interesting.
Speaker B: Phonics. Says here, back to the Ross Ulbricht conversation. Commute a sentence down to 20 years so he can see the light of day again. But, yeah, hiring a hitman can't be overlooked. Agree with it. Even if it's unpopular.
Speaker C: Hiring a hitman, I feel like these are facts, man. I agree. I'm not saying they're not facts. I'm just saying I think hiring a hitman is that bad.
Speaker B: Well, that's like intent of murder intent.
Speaker C: I. I literally intend to murder people every day. I don't. I don't. But I want to. So many people. So many people.
Speaker B: I regret to inform you that that is a crime.
Speaker C: It's just in my mind's eye, you know?
Speaker B: Yeah. I regret to inform you that that is indeed against the law.
Speaker C: Yeah, I just. I'm like, I get it. I get where he's coming from. I don't even know who he was trying to kill.
Speaker B: Paine responded, letting killers off question mark, and then says, in case of. Hold on. And then he says, in case of investigation by any federal entity or similar, I do not have any involvement with this group or with the people in it. I do not know how I am here. Probably added by a third party. I do not support any actions by members of this group.
Speaker C: Pain was the one that got me into thinking about getting a hitman. So I'm just saying.
Speaker B: Oh, can you explain that?
Speaker C: No, I can't. No, I just want to let that kind of simmer a little bit.
Speaker B: Anyway, what else? Anything else? Before we close this thing down, one.
Speaker C: Quick thing, because we do have to talk about. There's an update from our altercation or interaction with Caesar's call.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, I forgot about that. I was going to start the show with it, and then I forgot.
Speaker C: So. Yeah. You text. You texted me, maybe the other day. Maybe. I think. I think you dm.
Speaker B: Yeah, I texted you.
Speaker C: And it's from a gentleman named sizable. And I pinned the tweet up top.
Speaker B: This was after the Normie exploit, so. That's right. But since we last chatted. Since we last chatted, there was also a big exploit of the token normie on base. And I think it was like 400k was stolen in this exploit. It went from a 40. It was either 40 million, I think, to like a 40k market cap in two minutes, and it was exploited. And this person sizable that you are talking about, I don't actually know if they were the person behind it or not, but they did. The reactions and response made it seem like it was, but then they put out the tweet in question.
Speaker C: Yeah. So this tweet got a million views.
Speaker B: Wow. Okay. So maybe it is. Maybe it was really that person.
Speaker C: So he says, I am the normie exploiter. I am willing to return all funds under one condition. At Caesar calls. At Caesar's calls must take live recording of him stepping on a scale and showing us his true weight. Do the right. Do what is right for the people, fatso.
Speaker B: So I had to send this to you. I had to send this to you just because it's clearly not only us that have issues with this.
Speaker C: I love it. I love when people get called fatso, too, because I think that's a very funny name to call somebody.
Speaker B: Yeah. It's my mom's pet name for me.
Speaker C: Is it really?
Speaker B: No, I love it.
Speaker C: So you said that to me.
Speaker B: She has me in her phone as fatso.
Speaker C: So you said that to me. I immediately made a song just based on the tweets, and I think it hits. I'll play it at the end of the show for the people. But it is. Yeah. It's magical. Yeah. I thought that was very funny. I'm glad to hear we're not the only people that don't like or that maybe have issue with Caesar's calls. Possibly not the, you know, the light we were looking for in the web. Three darkness.
Speaker B: Yeah. So maybe we're the light.
Speaker C: Maybe we're the lights.
Speaker B: We are nothing.
Speaker C: Okay. We are going to start, though, a Hitman podcast.
Speaker B: No, you're not. We're only going to talk marketing. Marketing for Hitman. That's the name of the shows and don'ts. It's called marketing for hitmen. And it's going to be only for hitmen looking for. Looking how to market their services. What do you think?
Speaker C: The big hit?
Speaker B: The big hit. Yeah. Hit men.
Speaker C: Hit men.
Speaker B: Yeah. All right. Hit men, baby. Okay, I'm done. All right, that's gonna do it for us. Until next time, keep the mic hot.
Speaker A: I am the Normie exploiter. I am willing to return all funds under one condition called mistake. Live recording of him stepping on a scale and showing us his true way to what is right for the people. But what have I done? What have I become? I can't describe this. This is my mid mic crisis.
