Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the mint condition. Episode 22 Bunshu is back in the building chamber. And Des held it down for some goat talk on Tuesday. But daddy bunch is back and ready to roll. Guys, you did a fantastic job. I need to commend you. I chambers hosting skills were just top notch. I feel like I shouldn't be doing this anymore. I feel like I got my job taken from me chamber. How did that feel?
Speaker B: I thought it went great. And then I went back and listened to it. I'm like, there was something wrong and I couldn't figure it out. And I realized my freaking microphone wasn't picking up my voice. It was the microphone from. From my camera. And I don't have a lot going on for me. So at the very least, you know, I need my audio to be good. So I triple checked today. I think I'm coming in clear. So besides that, I mean, Des was a ten out of ten, as per usual, but yeah, it was. I thought we, I thought we had fun. I think Des was nervous, I'm gonna be honest.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I realized the value of bunchu, so I was a little bit nervous. I was. I was a little bit nervous going as that, but it was great. We had a great time. And, yeah, chamber down.
Speaker A: I almost crashed my car a couple times trying to text some questions into the chat, but it was good. So you guys did a fantastic job. And we are here talking some chicken derby with friend of the show Ben. Jammin Ben. Glad to have you back. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker D: I'm good, man. Thanks for having me here. Love being on with you guys. Love listening to the show, you know, always good to talk some NFTs. And this one specifically, I'm excited about.
Speaker A: Ben. You've kind of had, like, a meteoric rise in the NFT space since the last time we talked. So congratulations on just out there hustling every day, bringing great content to people. Appreciate you and what you're doing out in the community as well, because, I mean, when we started, it was, you know, you were one of our first couple guests, 20 something up, maybe 20 episodes ago or so, and we were all kind of learning all this stuff together. And here we are 22 episodes later, and we're rocking in the NFT space and talking chickens. And we actually, I'll never forget that interview, though. You. That was your first Zed run win live on stream.
Speaker B: Oh, that's right. I remember.
Speaker A: Yeah, we, we all entered the Griffin. Yeah.
Speaker D: Oh, that was, that was a great time. I'm glad that I was you know, a part of the beginnings of this show that means a lot. You guys, you know, have all been close with me from the beginning. Des and I have worked on a lot of things together specifically. So yeah, it's great to be back, you know, great to be talking with you guys through video because it's always through text and it's good to see faces again. You know, for after the year and a half that we've been put through, it's nice to be able to chat and see you guys for sure.
Speaker A: Someday we'll raise chickens live, right? Is that what I've been doing for.
Speaker B: The last year and a half?
Speaker A: Actual chickens maybe, or at least NFT chickens. But before we get started into some chicken Derby chat, we, we do have an announcement here, chamber. Why don't you bring up what we launched today. Let's, let's pump our own bags first here. Absolutely. We were able to execute and launch a new website here, bringing you guys some content for the NFT and crypto space. Djen.net work. That's my article there. Go take the, go take the how NFT are you? Test and see how many points you scored. So we're going to be tweeting stuff out here. We've got a ton of awesome content creators on board, bringing us articles about everything NFT, crypto, defi, all of our shows are going to live there. It's going to be pretty cool. We're going to have our own Twitch channel too where, so if you are actually saved, if you're not a writer, you want to produce some video content, hit me up. We will be looking for some people to do some content on our twitch as well. But yeah, we launched this today at noon. So we Chamber manned the ship getting this all built and stuff. So we did a, he did an awesome job getting this ready and it is live. So please check us out@dgen.net. work so that's my, that's my two minute bag pump for what we've been working on. Chamber, what are your thoughts as we launch that here?
Speaker B: I'm just scrolling through making sure all of my neurotic, you know, adjustments have been made. And you know what, it looks great. I'm pretty happy with it considering where we were even just a couple of days ago.
Speaker A: Yeah, you had some crunch time going this morning. Shout out to our developer. I wish I had his twitter handle or something, but he was, he was a trooper this morning with all those back and forth messages you guys were crushing through. But yeah, so check us out over there. But let's talk some chickens. We, you know, we're big Zed run fans here on the show. And, you know, I think from what I know about the chickens, it's basically zed for chicken racing. So, Ben, you are, you are involved in the community here at Chicken Derby. You're kind of in an advisor role. So tell us a little bit about. Oh, actually, that's a good question. Louis Angelo, are we doing any giveaways today? Chamber, before we get started, we can.
Speaker D: We can do some chicken giveaways.
Speaker B: Yeah, let's. Oh, yeah, chicken giveaways.
Speaker A: All right, so do the normal giveaway procedure here. Go retweet our live video and we will pick a winner at the end of the show. We'll do how many chickens can we give away, Benjen?
Speaker D: Let's give away two.
Speaker A: All right, we want two chicken to give away at the end of the show, but. So, all right, let's chat about chicken. So talk us through what is chicken derby? How did you get involved? What are we looking at here?
Speaker D: Well, I appreciate you guys bringing me on to talk about this. We have the drop tonight at 07:00 p.m. eastern. And everyone's really excited about it. But yeah, this is just another one of those projects that I was just searching through, looking to research on things. You know, I'm really into blockchain gaming. Those are the kind of things I see big longevity in. So I found this kind of early on and I ended up speaking with one of the co founders. And we just developed a pretty quick relationship. We had almost 3 hours of phone calls in the first day and a half of introducing ourselves to each other. And so it was a pretty quick relationship and it's grown from there. And each step of the way, it's been great to see, you know, from the beginning and then seeing what the end product looks like. I think everyone's going to be really excited.
Speaker A: Awesome. So walk us through the mechanics here. So we've got a drop tonight, you said, at 07:00 eastern time. What exactly are we dropping tonight? We dropping all chicken runners. Tell us what we should be expecting tonight at seven.
Speaker D: Well, there was initially going to be 11,101 dropping tonight, which is one third of the total supply. Sorry, my puppy.
Speaker B: Is that a chicken?
Speaker A: That's a chicken. Oh, there he goes. Puppy alert.
Speaker C: That's awesome. It really did sound like a chicken.
Speaker B: For the record, we have the highest amount, I swear to God.
Speaker D: Funny enough. Look what he was playing with.
Speaker C: On brand.
Speaker A: We're actually going to give that away too at the end of the show. Sorry.
Speaker D: Giving away my brand new puppy, Delilah's chicken toye, live on stream. Sorry about that.
Speaker A: That's awesome. That's, that's live video, baby. I like it.
Speaker D: There's 33,333 total. They were going to give away one third in three different drops, but since there's such high demand, they decided to add another 2000 to the first drop today. So it's going to be a little over 13,000 dropping. And what's dropping is the NFT of the chickens themselves. So it's a pretty standard generative drop. The blind mint. Where there's different rarities, there's different traits, there's different circumstances of value that you'll be able to find in randomization, but also you have the Zed like racing atmosphere around it. So you're not just getting the color of something, but you're getting traits around it. And eventually you'll be able to customize them. You'll be able to name these as well. So you can name the first ones that you get in the drop. And so there's a lot of exciting things happening around it. But if you look at the roadmap on that website, you'll see after the NFT drops themselves, that's when the game and the phases of the different gaming aspects start being released.
Speaker A: So I see here, I'm on chamber. If you go down here, we got the. Where did I just click on the game tutorial where it says go up a little and it says earn eth. Click on that game tutorial. Nope. Down, down right there. Earn eth. And then it says check out the game.
Speaker B: You know I can't read a word, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, I know, I know. Reading.
Speaker D: Yeah, the roadmap is right under that and you could see all the different phases. And then if you want to click in more, we can check out the tutorial. But I definitely recommend starting at the top and watching their, their video trailer.
Speaker A: All right, let's see if we can play that video trailer.
Speaker B: I'm going to xl for a second because I add audio to this thing.
Speaker D: I don't know why my camera looks like I'm watching it through a shower curtain, but I don't know what kind of funny.
Speaker C: How soon will we be able to race the chickens?
Speaker D: So there's going to be an alpha phase of the game coming out. They said two to three months after the drop. So part, part of the roadmap is funding. And if you, if you look at their, their phases after they hit, I think, 10% of the goal, then two to three months after that, the very first phase of the game gets released. And they said it could be, you know, on the earlier side, but they'd rather not, you know, over time, under deliver, but, yeah. So each phase, they're giving about two to three months buffer between them. So you're gonna have an alpha phase, you're gonna have a beta. They're gonna release breeding and customization, and there's gonna be a whole metaverse application to it. So there's a lot of longevity to this.
Speaker C: Are we in phase zero or phase three?
Speaker D: The NFT drop is technically phase zero. Phase zero, yeah. And the phase one is the first, um, the first part of the game, the first release. And that's only to the early adopters.
Speaker A: So I guess. Question then, for tonight. So when we. If you buy some chickens tonight, you will. Will you see the actual chicken, the actual traits? Is that something that you're all going to. You're going to have access to tonight? You're going to see all kind of the rarity, the traits, the things, things like that.
Speaker D: Yep, exactly. Instant reveal. We can walk through the tutorial and you'll see they listed out all the different skins and traits and talents. So they're very transparent in what to expect in terms of the NFT. But when it comes to the gaming aspect of it, as you guys know, as Zed fans, there's a lot that they want to leave up to people's imaginations and not tell them all the nuts and bolts so they can figure it out for themselves. A lot of which I don't know as well because I want to be a.
Speaker A: So when you. Let's, uh, let's actually go look at the tutorial or the, uh, the video there. Chamber, if you want to throw it up there.
Speaker B: You guys hear that?
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker D: So add a little bit of Zed, run a little bit of Mario Kart and a little bit of angry birds in it.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's very. That's super interesting. So the tutorial, I mean, the. I keep calling it the tutorial. The trailer looks pretty cool. The. So the game, the alpha version of the game, then what we just watched on that video will be roughly two to three months from tonight. So what we'll have. Is that correct?
Speaker D: Yeah, as long as tonight sells out, which I don't have any indication it won't because there's a ton of demand and this discord has been blowing up all day, but, yeah. So they're actually game developers. So they have a game developing company that they've been running for years and they developed a game called Ganja Farmer on Mobile. And it, which is pretty much like Farmville but for growing weed, had over 7 million downloads, so.
Speaker A: 7 million downloads. Wow.
Speaker D: You could find it too if you, if you search it. It's a very popular game. So they're the developers of that. And they also have plans after the racing and breeding to develop an entire 2d world surrounding this game, which they, they've shown kind of a teaser to. But I think the best thing for us to do is probably just go right to that written tutorial and they've laid out everything that you need to know for the most part about the NFT and the game and the drop.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm on there right now. So chamber. Check. Click that link.
Speaker B: This right here?
Speaker A: Yep. So it actually, I mean we're talking, you know, is for, for the Zen heads out there. Very similar look to some of this right where it looks like there is four different, I guess. Are they calling them bloodlines or breeds? What are they, what do they refer to them as? What's the. Okay. Heritage.
Speaker D: Um, I don't see it on the screen here.
Speaker A: Did you click the link chamber?
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm just at the first one.
Speaker A: It's not showing.
Speaker D: Change the share of the tab.
Speaker B: Oh, 1 second. Oh, pardon me. Yeah, I'll fix that right now.
Speaker A: Yeah, it went to, it goes to a different tab on this one.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: He gave me some backyard baseball vibes which got me really excited. And I don't know, man, if someone wants to hit me up and start a backyard baseball blockchain game, that would be so sick.
Speaker A: Black backyard baseball was the coolest game ever.
Speaker C: Can you imagine having like a rare Pablo Sanchez? Like golden Pablo Sanchez?
Speaker A: That would be going to be like.
Speaker D: Like baseball but with goats.
Speaker C: That would be a big pivot for me. But no, I think, you know, while we're getting this to load, I just think, you know, there's so many projects coming out. I mean there's like twelve today that released and you know, mostly avatar based. But I will say anyone who's doing a gamification of their NFT has some real, I mean, has some real power in the space right now because that is just such a untapped, I mean you see what Axie's doing but there's, there's some mid levels and it's just. Yeah, utility. I think we're going to go through a next wave of utility and gamification is definitely going to be part of it. I. You know, so any project like this that's trying to do something different, make it more fun and interactive, I'm all for.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I could totally see, you know, someone. Look, putting a chicken has won their profile picture. But the fact that you can actually race these and potentially win Ethan, you know, that's an added form of utility that most of these projects don't have. So now you got it up chamber. We've got four heritage here. So walk us through this, Ben. What are we looking at?
Speaker D: So just to be clear here, I'm going to make a lot of analogies with Zed because that's what a lot of people are familiar with and there is some parallels so that people would understand. So the heritage is. You can kind of consider bloodlines a little bit of. So the serama would be like a Nakamoto all the way down a buterin. So that's. That's the way that you can understand it. The serama is more rare sultan and is each more common down the line as you go. But the difference in this would be you're buying into a random mint, so you don't know what you're getting. You're not going into a drop looking for something specifically to purchase it. This is going to be randomized traits. Rare breed, sorry, heritages, all that. So you have the four here, from the most rare and strongest performers down to the most common and worst performers. And there's four of them.
Speaker B: Are these like real chicken like breeds? Is dorking like a real chicken breed?
Speaker D: Yeah, there definitely is something behind that. I forget what it is.
Speaker A: Interesting. I didn't.
Speaker D: I think it's an actual chicken breed. Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Dorkings taste the best, I think. I think.
Speaker C: Yeah, they're real breeds.
Speaker D: Most are.
Speaker A: They.
Speaker D: Des knows.
Speaker B: Of course Des knows.
Speaker A: Yeah. I don't know. I'm googling. Des comes from a robust chicken racing background, from his youth, much like his horse racing background. That made him. Great. A dead.
Speaker D: Yeah. There's like a 90% chance me and Des are looking at the same google links right now.
Speaker A: Probably. Probably. All right, so the other thing, if you go. If you keep going down here, we've got underneath these breeds or the heritages, we have the perfection score here, which is what I'm looking at. So it says each will have a perfection score from one to 100%. What I am taking away from this is. It's basically almost like a purity score. Is that correct? So if we're looking at Zed run as you know, your nakamoto's are the most pure. And then as you breathe down, it gets less and less. Almost like that mutation. Is that what we're looking at with this perfection score?
Speaker D: Interestingly, no. So.
Speaker A: Oh, interesting.
Speaker D: Yeah. So this perfection score without. Without being read too much into the game mechanics. So I'm a part of the team, but I wanted to distance myself from any kind of game development mechanics that would make me have to be on the inside and sign an NDA that I couldn't play the game, you know? So there's gonna be a lot that I still have to learn about this. So there's nothing that gives me an edge in what I know. But what I assume this perfection score to be is probably like a madden rating, I guess, where.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker D: You can have a great Madden player. You can have a 90 against an 80 or an 85. And the 90 is a better player. But that doesn't mean every time the ball goes up, he's going to make the play or win. So that's, I guess, what my assumption of it would be. But each chicken is born with a perfection score. And that's kind of like what their base performance level is. And then each. Each thing that we talk about moving forward is going to either add or subtract to, like, what their performance could be on any given track or any different race.
Speaker B: And so when we meant these tonight, you could get. You could get one with a 22 or you got one with an 87. Is that kind of the idea?
Speaker D: So the early adopter ones, these. These initial ones that are being put out, I think they put it in there.
Speaker A: Yeah. It says the initial run here will all have a perfection score of 90%.
Speaker D: It's like an early adopter bonus for being here for like the Genesis stuff. But remember, there's going to be breeding too. So it's.
Speaker A: So that's what this stock is that you're looking at here, essentially. What. What I said the first time. Yes. Right. So how far it is away from.
Speaker D: Its original spike is like your. Your genesis and then every level beyond that. And this is something, again, that I don't know the inner mechanics of. But like, I don't know, you know, what you have to merge or breed with what to get what. But I know that each level down that you go is another generation removed from this. You know, first drop, this 1st 33,000 group.
Speaker A: Right. Okay. So just like in Zed, where we're talking 38,000 Genesis horses, similar. Here you have your 33,000 chickens and then the breeding down the line will go from spicy to bland. The talent is interesting. So I assume this is kind of their Mario Kart like skill. Is that correct?
Speaker D: Yeah. Yeah, this is. So this is a teaser to the talent section that comes later. So they're giving you just a brief description of what a talent is, and then they introduce you to all of them later. And I'm really excited to talk about these. So, honestly, you could just keep scrolling, and it just gets more interesting with each scroll of the mouse. So if you look here, there's sections. Talent, terrain preference, consistency. So, terrain preference is important. You have dirt, grass, road, rock, sand, snow, and track. And there's preferences for these chickens that they have inherent within them. So discovering. They said discovering your chicken's preference can lead to more consistent winds, similar to the way that Zed has it for distances. Right now, the first thing that they have introduced is terrain.
Speaker A: Got it. So the. So for tonight, I think what would be important is this chicken distribution. Right. So this is what each of the heritages, how many of each there are. So it looks like the sarama, which is that top heritage. 6% of the total supply will be that. So. And then the sultan, 16 and a half. Lakenvelder. Is that how you say that? I'll take that one. Okay. Yeah.
Speaker C: Lachenbuilder.
Speaker A: Okay. Of course, the des is chicken. Chicken past is coming out here. The 11,000 of those. So 33%. And the dorking is 45%. So similar in the sense of, you know, that that top heritage is going to be the most rare and then down the line. So, you know what? I don't know. If we touched on this, what is the price to mint these this evening?
Speaker D: It's going to be 0.033, and it's going to be on the Matic polygon network. So the same way that you would buy the Zed horses, it's the same thing here. So you need to make sure that youre, if you have regular eth l one in your metamask, that you bridge it over to the Polygon network, and you could do so by going to wallet Matic network and depositing your eth through there, and then it'll bridge it and then put it into your Polygon account. And so it's going to be gasless, and the drop and the races will all be gasless.
Speaker B: For those who are already using Zed, could they theoretically just go to Zed and bridge it there, too?
Speaker D: Well, I mean, yeah, like, you could still use that Zed wallet I think that Zed wallet really is just, like.
Speaker B: Basically, that's what I'm gonna do. I already know how to do it.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: Can I do it there?
Speaker A: Yeah, it's just ui. Yeah.
Speaker D: Showing what your wallet on the matic network is.
Speaker A: I actually just took my. My we off of Matic yesterday, so now I'm gonna have to go put some back on by the time this happens, so I can mint a couple of chickens here. So I'm now on the races tab chamber if you want to go to races. Ben, what is the pecking order thing that we're looking at here?
Speaker D: Okay, so, well, first of all, you'll see that there's race distances, so it's not just terrain, but there's going to be different distances released right away. So you have 100 meters all the way up to 200 meters, and there's six of those. So your chicken, you also can figure out which of those distances and terrain combinations are going to be best. And then the pecking order is your class system. So there's a pecking order, which is your classes, and pecking order points, which are your class points. So the way that it works is each chicken starts out with a certain amount of pecking order points. And as you win, you gain points. As you lose, you lose points, and you stay within class systems. And so they do have the chick, which is the unraced class, which you do, which is kind of like your Griffin races. And then you're put into a class, and then you move up or down within them. And I'm sure over time, a, B, and C will probably not be enough, and they'll be hearing all kinds of suggestions on how to approach it. But, you know, we're really looking forward to seeing, you know, what people think about this, what they say, how they think to approach it. Uh, it's very interesting.
Speaker A: Cool. Uh, so that makes sense. And then, you know, there's the race fees. It's got the payout structure. So if you come in first in a race, it will be. You'll win 55% of the prize pool. 2nd, 30%. Uh, 3rd 15% chamber. Get to that cosmetics. We can look at what these chickens look like. They're kind of.
Speaker B: That's we're all here for.
Speaker D: So each race is gonna have eight chickens in it. And over time, they can eventually build out to a max of twelve in a race. So they're gonna be starting with eight. But there is the potential for more in the future, and there's gonna be a lot of different things that they can add to this game, because, again, they are game developers first, and they've done multiple successful games before. So this is game first with nfts involved. Right. And so you can. You have these nfts that are in that generative, blind mint, you know, feel to it, but then you also have the ability to use them in the game from proven game developers, which is what excites me.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's cool. I want to. I want a robot chicken right there. Yeah.
Speaker D: I want anything that says rare on it.
Speaker A: There's a.
Speaker B: Did anybody else. Did anybody else have the thought? I'm like, that's just a rooster. Is a rooster a chicken? No, but it's a hen. That's the chicken. And a rooster is also a chicken. I'm confused.
Speaker A: Chicken, is it not?
Speaker B: I don't know what's happening.
Speaker A: Stop.
Speaker B: They're all chickens.
Speaker A: Yeah. Des, can you school us a little on Rooster versus n?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: Just to be very clear, if it wasn't satirical enough, I know nothing about chickens.
Speaker A: Des has a. In his Southern California apartment. Has a coop. A shared coop.
Speaker C: I did actually hand make a chicken coop in my life. My sister. My sister lived in. She was in the part of the Peace Corps and on her little island in Vanuatu, she. She had the need to have a chicken coop. So we built her a chicken coop.
Speaker A: That's fantastic. So there you go. You are a chicken expert. There was a question in the chat, just to clarify from Ismail, is it polygon with or a theory? And it is polygon. So you will need the matic. Matic wrapped ethereum, and that's how you'll purchase. So it is based on matic.
Speaker D: Bro, I'm kind of offended how, when you show that comment, my face gets blocked out and I'm the only one.
Speaker A: Normally, it wouldn't. We would all be in the. In the form four corners, but we're doing a lot of screen share today, so we. And then keep going. There you go. We're just gonna leave it up now.
Speaker B: Don't show. Don't show. Don't show a wound. I tend to expose them.
Speaker A: Keep scrolling down chamber. There's different beaks and eyes also.
Speaker B: Oh, really?
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: Coleman waddles.
Speaker D: And again, there's going to be future customization involved.
Speaker A: Oh, wow. Sounds. Sounds exciting, Des. Almost like forging.
Speaker B: Look at this.
Speaker A: I want vampire teeth. Sleepy eyes. Oh, actually, no, I want an. I want an eye patch. Chicken, for sure. You know, what I will say is.
Speaker C: Like, good on them for publishing all this. Like, this is a fantastic amount of detail that honestly should be for most projects.
Speaker A: Um, yeah, I mean, this is a pretty detailed.
Speaker B: Oh, look, look.
Speaker A: Going down here, sir.
Speaker B: Hen we got.
Speaker A: They look at me, and you want.
Speaker D: To see the difference? The difference there is the heel. If you look at the back heel of that left foot.
Speaker A: Oh, that's all it is, huh?
Speaker B: Yeah, that little spike that where hens have their wieners. A lot of people don't know that. A lot of people don't know that.
Speaker A: That's a chicken something today.
Speaker B: Yeah, chicken fact.
Speaker A: We have a comment here from sniper that they want to see more of Des dancing. I'm not. Yeah. When the tutorial, when the trailer play.
Speaker B: Couldn'T help himself, the music took over.
Speaker A: So what's cool here? They have. They have some trait combos listed here.
Speaker B: Let's see here.
Speaker D: Yeah, they're giving you. They're giving you a rarity structure up front. And I don't know if it'll specifically come out exact numbers, but pretty much like they're giving you the quantities of them. So there's past, they said in there, there's possibilities of a crossover. Like a robot chicken with vampire teeth. You can get rare upon rare. But they wanted to let you now know, like, how many were in the pool.
Speaker A: Cool. Got it. All right.
Speaker D: So a little bit of a different approach, but it's the nature of having 33,000 of them.
Speaker A: Sure. For sure. Let's go into the talents here. So, first question, Ben. What talent? Before we look through most of these, what talent are you most excited about if you're, like, playing this game?
Speaker D: Well, let's lead off with just showing you the right side of this screen and that there's rarities within the talents as well. Oh, easy for me to say. You know, they're very rare talents, but I'll. I'll stick with the common talents. And I really think that roller blades are gonna look awesome for a chicken.
Speaker A: Sweet.
Speaker D: I think a chicken on rollerblade skating is gonna be fantastic. So, yeah, you could click on any one of those talents on the right. It'll bring you right to it.
Speaker A: Okay, got it. So it says there's 20 possible talents that your chicken can have. Will it fly? Wield a weapon, cast magic. I want a magic chicken. Um, I agree. Yeah. So that's pretty cool. So each one, this is the Mario kart type of piece of this, right? So they'll have, you know, the animation and the action built in to the actual races. And then these will each have an effect on, I would assume, opponents in the race, correct?
Speaker D: Yeah. And. And what's really interesting about this is there's a randomization to what traits chickens have. So each chicken gets one talent. Randomization to the talent. So each chicken gets one talent. So that's randomized. So you don't know what your chickens talent is until it's revealed in the metadata upon the purchase. And, yeah, there's going to be animations to it, but the randomization is also in what talents are used by which chickens in a race. So in a race, there's eight chickens, but not all of them are gonna be able to use their talents in every race.
Speaker A: Got it. So that part's not controlled by the user. It's already built into the randomization of the race.
Speaker D: There's randomization to that. Yeah. So your chicken, there's like a. I don't know, fatigue is the best word to use for talents, but, like, if you race your chicken a bunch of times, you're. You're not gonna get a talent every time you race, but your talent may come out every few races. So over time, you know, it should even out, per se. And that's the way that I'm thinking about it.
Speaker A: This is. This is a question you probably don't know the answer to, but speculatively. So, then, would it be possible, or would it be safe to say if you have one of the better rarity, like, I forget what the most rare heritage was? What is it? Is it safe to say that a sarama may be able to, in a randomization of a race, use talents more frequently than one of the lower style heritages? Would you think that is something that would happen, or is it completely random?
Speaker D: Well, one of the things that they wanted to make sure of is that the gamification is fun and entertaining, and there's going to be nothing fun and entertaining about getting your ass beat every single race. Right. So they have a class system that's going to help distribute among the different, you know, not just rarities, but performance. And so, while a sarama is much better than a dorking, on any given day, you know, you can have the randomization or the. I guess the variance is a better word that anyone can win on any given day, but over time, it should even out that the better will beat the worse. And so they say that in there that, yeah, you know, the better or more rare heritage is with the better traits and the better talent all that lined up, you should win the majority of the time. But then you start facing other chickens in your class that have similar types of rarities and talents and stuff. So the idea is that it's fun, entertaining and balanced. And, you know, they're, they're very open to suggestions and I don't know. I'm not a game developer. How long it takes to implement fixes and bugs. And maybe if something's one way, how to make it another way without breaking things. I don't know how long these things take.
Speaker A: But if it's any, if Zed is any indication, a long time.
Speaker D: Right, right. But, um, the thing is, this, this is a much different platform than Zed. It's the, the 2d aspect of it. There's a lot less to, I guess maybe the internal breeding mechanics because that more, that game is more about breeding, less about racing. And this one's less. More about racing, less about breeding.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker D: So there's a little bit of a difference to that.
Speaker A: But I mean, now can I have a dorking? Can I have a dorking with the very rarest talents or I. Will those be distributed more towards the top of the heritage chain?
Speaker D: I think it would be unethical if I knew the answer to that, but what I would say is, as far as I'm concerned, all of this shit is being randomized. So we're dropping, you're getting a blind mint of the random heritage, the random trait, the random talent. And like, you get what you get. You know, you have your PowerPoints and everything, but then you race, you figure out what's the best terrain, what's the best distance. You're not going to be able to change your talent, but I've brought up this suggestion to them over time that maybe they should have more than one slot for talents, or maybe you should have the ability to buy and sell or barter and trade your talents, like as a, as a. Almost a wearable kind of. So there's a lot of potential here, but they have a rough roadmap that they've showed you. They've done this stuff before. And along the way, if people have suggestions to provide to them, you'll have plenty of opportunities. And after this drop, they're going to be a lot more out in the open and talking and doing Ama's and stuff like that. But they want to make sure this goes smoothly. They're doing testing up until the last minute. And if you wanted to see one of the founders of Chicken Derby, we did an episode with crypto Poppy a few weeks ago.
Speaker A: Cool. And then I think this is interesting from secondary market, especially the fact that we're going to mint these tonight. You're going to know what traits you have. You're going to know what heritage you have. So it'll be interesting to see if you have, you know, a lower heritage with a rarer talent, what people weight those talents as versus the, I guess, rarity of the heritage and how that all plays out. I would think, you know, the talent would be pretty heavily weighted on the list if I was looking at something right chamber.
Speaker B: I agree.
Speaker A: Yeah. Would you think the same, Des, if you were going tonight and you're looking to snipe some of these off the secondary market? Where are you waiting, talent? Are you waiting, heritage? What, uh, what would be your, you know, you're the king of. You're the king of the midnight snipe.
Speaker C: I did snipe some stuff today, too.
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker C: Byop. Had their drop.
Speaker A: Oh, there you go. Yep.
Speaker C: And which sold out.
Speaker A: I literally went. I tried to get that at eleven. Oh, 11:00 and 1 second and I got outgassed. I was. I got a failed transaction.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: So, I mean, I was doing it while I was driving and on Mobile, so I, you know, didn't give it.
Speaker C: What was the mint cost on that?
Speaker A: Just. They were point oh six. Yes.
Speaker C: Oh, sweet. I mean, I was pulling down some super rare stuff then for point one.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: That's awesome.
Speaker D: And you probably still can, to be honest.
Speaker C: Yeah, no. Okay.
Speaker D: Sorry. Yes.
Speaker C: I am looking at rarity more than heritage, I think.
Speaker A: Rarity over heritage for you, if you're. If you're the midnight sniper des I like. I'm giving you that nickname as a moniker now, the. That'll be a t shirt eventually and we'll have it for you. Cool. All right, so let's go to last section here. Minting chickens. We talked a little bit about it already, so it's going to be on the Polygon network. Ben, what other tips tonight for people that are minting?
Speaker B: Yeah. How do I maximize my chicken coop? You know what I mean? Like, I want to get a lot of. I want to get a lot of ladies. Or I guess it's not just ladies. I'm stuck on the ladies. Either women or men. Chickens. I want to get a lot of them. How do I go about doing that?
Speaker D: Well, first of all, make sure you can afford it. So smart. Have the amount of eat that you need.
Speaker B: My mom just sent me my allowance.
Speaker D: The gas fees that you need are to do the actual transferring, you know, to do the. The wrapping of your eat. But.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker D: Once you have it over, then you just need enough to be able to afford the actual chickens. But beforehand, like you can't just transfer over .033 from ETH to Polygon because you're paying gas fees and you might end up not having enough. Definitely fill the order and then you can't buy it and then you have to wait longer and then you're done. So I would say start as soon as possible. Make sure you have enough over there to, to project using a maybe 70 to 100 gas gui. You know, I would just say like, that's probably where I'll be at. You know, that's higher than normal when starting. But I, in my first grouping of whatever the max transaction number is, I usually try to just hit high gas right away because high gas early on, you know, fast gas, advanced gas early on is a lot cheaper than slow gas later on.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker D: That's the tip that I like to use. I like to go. And you don't have to use 300 gui early on either. I usually like to go like 20 or 30 above whatever the average to fast gap is. So I would say make sure you have enough for the gas fees to transfer your wheat, your eth to polygon. And then once you have it in there, you're pretty much good to go. Right. So you just need to be around for the drop time. Be on the website, make sure you understand how to use your metamask when it comes to connecting your wallet. And really for the most part it comes down to just clicking connect wallet. So we've run a bunch of tests on these. You know, as Des knows, when, when you're doing one of these projects, you like to have testing to make sure the minting can go through. So we've done those and I've seen, you know, random kinds of chickens that would be in a test set. And, you know, it's really cool to see the way they come out. So I'm super excited. I think really, really everyone's going to be excited about this being an NFT in general, right. This still is a blind mint. And there's, there's almost two thirds left of the supply of traits that are going to be randomized. There's going to be a lot of speculation on what else is coming, what are the combinations going to be, you know, so there's going to be strategy and community engagement all the way leading up to the game. So there's going to be multiple drops and within each drop there's going to be more demand generating as well. So each drop is going to be significantly more difficult to get into. So your best chance is getting in now and then hoping that the secondary falls. Right. That's. You don't want to speculate on that. That's very difficult to do because something like this can fly. And you got to be careful. At a price of 0.033, these things can get up to 0.1 by the end of the day. Easy. I'm not projecting that.
Speaker B: I'm just saying rampant speculation. So. Okay, so there's 0.033. It's tonight at 07:00 p.m. eastern standard time, daylight time, whatever it is. Now, how many again, how many are available tonight out of the 33,000?
Speaker D: So there's going to be 13,333.
Speaker B: Okay, so just under 14,000?
Speaker D: Yeah. Yeah. Well, just over 13, I would, I would say, is probably a little bit more.
Speaker B: I like you. I like it. I like it.
Speaker D: Just over 13,000. And then there's going to be ten per transaction. Ten.
Speaker B: That was going to be my next question. Ten per transaction?
Speaker A: Yes. Okay. So we have a mint limit of ten per transaction. So then, so that would be essentially. .33 so if you want to do a max mint on a transaction, you need to have 0.33 in. I got you pat in with already ready to go. Then you get your, you're going to have your ten chickens. Spicy chickens ready to rock.
Speaker B: Spicy af.
Speaker D: All right, I actually have a side note question on this conversation for you guys. And knowing that Des kind of just went through this and you guys were involved in being in that drop. When it comes to, like, gas wars, do you think it's better for a project to limit the amount of transactions or nfts per transaction or to raise it higher than, like, what we've typically seen?
Speaker A: Des, you had some pretty testings about this, right?
Speaker C: For sure. We had to, we had to weigh those options. It's, it's for sure a balance. Right. Because if you go too high, you know, then you're just gonna, you're gonna absolutely kill your ability to get out to more individual holders of your NFT. So it's a balance. I think bulls was trying to be innovative and did the ten max because they wanted more individual holders. But at that point, and I brought this up yesterday or two days ago on the limited edition, is you basically just doubled your transaction volume because people that want 20 bowls are, are now going to have to submit two transactions for that. And if you did it 20, then that's half the transactions. And when you're talking about multiplying the number of transactions, that makes a huge difference. So that's why we decided to stick with 20. We thought 40 was too much, so that's what we did. That's just one factor of gas. You can't control all the other things. I mean, you look at what really drives gas, honestly, a huge portion of it is how much is being swapped on uniswap at that given time rather than just let's say, you know, how many nfts are dropping. So there is a little bit of randomization in there. We looked at time windows. Time windows don't actually have that big of a factor into gas costs.
Speaker D: But.
Speaker C: Yeah, but I mean, you guys shouldn't worry about.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker C: It's on matic tonight, so you guys.
Speaker D: No, no, we're way past that thinking. I'm just curious about, you know, the people still living on earth one.
Speaker C: Sure.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: I have a question.
Speaker D: My other project, Des, you said there.
Speaker B: Was a show called the limited edition.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker B: What is this? It's not limited edition.
Speaker C: Is the show that I'm cheating on you with.
Speaker B: It sounds way too close to the mint condition and I need to know who was the show first.
Speaker C: Absolutely not.
Speaker A: No, probably not us. We were friends. Are my.
Speaker C: You guys are my day ones. Russ Hellman and NFT. God, they have a show, right? Show on YouTube and Twitch. And they kind of go through some of the highlights of nfts throughout the week.
Speaker B: But yeah, I don't like it. But it is what it is.
Speaker A: You're crazy, man. That's awesome. So there's a couple good questions here, here. So chamber, bring up the one from whistle pig.
Speaker B: Whistle pig. Got him.
Speaker A: Is there a benefit to having a specific number of chickens? So, you know, for example, holders that have x number of chickens will get airdrops? You know, we've seen the teaser for the DES token with Zed. Is there anything like that here with chicken derby?
Speaker D: Well, it's a great question. I don't specifically have an answer right now. Besides, there's going to be a role utility to that. So the more you have, the more you're going to have a role in the discord. And I haven't figured out exactly how many which are going to be the limits, but that's going to be one aspect to it. And there's definitely potential to do things based on that. But I don't want to over promise anything at this point. But I think that if you have any suggestions at all about what should be done in that particular circumstance based on some factors that you're interested in or any other topic as well. Feel free to leave it in the suggestions channel in the discord because we're always looking at those and they're very receptive to it. So I don't have a clear answer on that for you, unfortunately. Besides, the roles will be a differentiator.
Speaker A: Got it. Okay, so test user here. That. What a clever name we've got. Test user. I feel like that's a Ben alt account. The price is 0.033. They might change for other drops. Do we know if there's planned price increases? So is this a true kind of early adopter type? Drop wherever know they may increase prices for the next couple, or is that. Is that something you can shed any light on?
Speaker D: There's no intention for any price increases. Initially, they were going to do the 33,000 all at once at that price, but they decided to split them up because of other factors, but price wasn't one of them.
Speaker A: Got it. So this is probably another question, just a speculation down the line about customizing. So about customizing in the future, will that affect the rarities on the chickens? I would imagine so. Right. It sounds similar to, you know, what goats is doing with forging that will essentially change rarity percentages in the future, correct?
Speaker D: That's. That's actually a fantastic question. And not only do I want to commend him for asking that question, once I saw that, I immediately forwarded it to Demetria, chick and Derby to try and get an answer before that came up. And I don't have one for you yet, but it's really a great question. It's something that I'm curious about as well, and I think it will have to do with what the mechanics end up being for that customization. So if there is a burn mechanic like in the forging, then I'm sure there will be. If it's, you know, something like ethlings where all you have to do is just swap and, you know, buy and sell, but the. The amount in the pool is, you know, cemented at whatever it is. I'm not really sure yet. That's a. But again, great question. That's something that I'm curious about, and I'm not even sure that there's an answer for that yet, but that's. That's something that I think if we didn't take into account, we would be, you know, making a mistake. So thank you for even bringing that to my attention.
Speaker B: The one thing I'm. The one thing I'm curious about is what is the beverage that Des is drinking? It's been Doctor pepper. Is that what it is? I know. I gotta know. I gotta know.
Speaker A: I don't know. I thought it was.
Speaker C: What is 40 of old english mad dog 2020 sponsor mint conditions sponsored by Tevana or whatever.
Speaker B: What is it, though? What is it?
Speaker C: It's iced tea. It's like iced tea.
Speaker A: Fantastic. So we. One more question here, the cryptozone. So just again, to bring up this matic question for anybody who's not familiar. Yes. The only gas you have to worry about at the moment is getting it over the bridge. Once it's over the bridge and you're minting on matic, no, you won't pay gas for the actual minting transaction.
Speaker B: And there is no physical bridge. Right. It's not like a bridge you have to go over. It's just a. It's a technological bridge where you're taking aetherium and bridging it over to the polygon network.
Speaker D: 33,333 individual bridges that you have to purchase.
Speaker A: Yes. That's fantastic. All right, do we have any other questions in here chamber that you thought were worth.
Speaker B: No, I mean, the only one that I need to know was the what. What was drinking, and that was resolved.
Speaker A: Nailed it.
Speaker B: I mean, and it was a great answer, too. If I'm being 100% honest.
Speaker A: I feel like we got a pretty. A pretty darn good explanation of chicken derby here. Ben, is there anything that you want to add that you didn't, you don't think we covered here that you want people to know for tonight?
Speaker D: There is one thing that I want to cover real quick before we hop off, but it's not about to tonight. It's about showing a little. A little glimpse into some of the things that they can do and some, one of the things that they want to do. So if you go to bitloving.com real quick, if we can end on this, I think pretty cool for the audience. Oh, we didn't do any giveaways, by the way.
Speaker B: I got it pulled up. Don't worry. Gotcha.
Speaker A: We had a lot of, we had a lot of retweets, 40 something retweets on this one. So, yeah, I. We got a big pool here.
Speaker D: I'll type it in the chat to bitlovin.com world.
Speaker B: Oh, okay.
Speaker C: Such a risky address, to be honest.
Speaker B: Oh, I remember when we were looking into this the first time. I'm like, bitlovin.
Speaker A: I'm like, well, you typed buttloving. That was.
Speaker B: Oh, that's what it was.
Speaker C: Autocorrect.
Speaker B: For whatever reason, it. It's saved to my favorites.
Speaker A: Yeah. Oh, my loving blazers. What do we got going on here? You bringing it up? Chamber? He's going out for a chicken dinner tonight.
Speaker D: So if you look at their roadmap, they talk about having a 2d world metaverse. And so this is just a very, very, very alpha glimpse into, like, the type of style it'll be used as Anja farmer game.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker D: So you could click around and move your guy.
Speaker B: My computer is about to. My computer's about to explode.
Speaker D: That's me rocking the leaf shirt.
Speaker B: I love it.
Speaker A: Oh, I see. Oh, yeah. I'm moving my dude all around here on my computer. I chambers is probably not the explode.
Speaker D: Because he's streaming, and for this are people you're going to be able to move throughout their. Their metaverse. You're going to be able to challenge people to races, buy and sell the chickens through their marketplace on here. There's going to be tokenomics involved as well, but that. That's all a part of the long term roadmap of the platform.
Speaker A: Very interesting, man.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: I'm gonna go look up ganja town. I'm not gonna lie.
Speaker B: It's already. I got. Already got it.
Speaker A: Of course you do. All right, awesome. So let's get to our chicken giveaway, and then we'll wrap this thing up.
Speaker B: Alrighty. And we're gonna say we still give it away. Two.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker A: Yeah, we're giving away two. So put up. Put a couple backups in there.
Speaker B: I'll do some backups. Let's see. Yeah. 46 participants. Looking good.
Speaker A: It might be our biggest one ever.
Speaker D: If I get a rare enough chicken, I'm definitely getting myself a new camera.
Speaker B: Let's check it out.
Speaker A: All right, here we go. Two chickens.
Speaker B: We got city 101 and King bow breaks, so we'll reach out to those. If not, we got imi Nabashi. I don't know, and Niels Vanhr. Niles Vanhr. Maybe, uh, those are two backups.
Speaker A: So Schmitty 101 and my sister in law was close.
Speaker B: Is that my sister in law? Yeah. I won. Oh, did you? Did you see that?
Speaker A: I won the last one, sister.
Speaker D: All right, I see Smitty. Smitty's in the chat, or schmitty's in the chat. So, schmitty, make sure you dm me. You could dm me on twitter or on discord. Send me your Eth address so I can write that down. And then we'll be distributing giveaways after the drop.
Speaker B: That's exciting.
Speaker A: Cool. This. This was awesome. So, Ben, thank you for coming on, talking to us a little bit about chicken derby. So it is tonight. In two, exactly 2 hours from now, you can mint your chickens. Don't forget. Don't forget to bridge over to matic if you haven't already. No. Yeah. Do it now. Next.
Speaker D: I did it.
Speaker A: Next time we do this show, because there's a couple people in here saying that they didn't know how to enter the giveaway. We'll have to remind ourselves to keep revisiting the actual rules for the giveaway throughout the show.
Speaker B: So I did do something new this time. I dropped the link in the chat, which I think helped a lot of, uh, for, uh, for lots of people. But, yeah, we'll probably do like a half time, um, you know, maybe 2030 minutes and do a. Do a reminder.
Speaker A: Yeah. Just to make sure that people can.
Speaker B: Uh, just gives you another reason to follow us, guys. You get the next one, you know, smash that, like, button. I don't know. I don't.
Speaker A: Oh, God. Stop it.
Speaker B: Smash it. What are you smashing it?
Speaker A: Get out of here. All right. That is going to do it for us. Ben, thank you very much for coming on again. You are officially. Is this the first two time guests we've had?
Speaker B: Chamber might be on episode 22, I think.
Speaker A: Oh, there you go. So you are now officially a friend of the show, I would say.
Speaker D: Was I episode number two?
Speaker A: I think you were like five. Or maybe it might have been three. I don't even know. Somewhere. Somewhere like three to five range. I know. Zed Gazette, Washington. So you were either before or after him, but.
Speaker D: Oh, actually, I appreciate you bringing me on and allowing me to talk about this platform in this game. And I really hope that you guys get something awesome and cool, and we all have a great time with this platform, buying and selling these NFts and then eventually racing them against each other. I'm really excited about it, and I appreciate you giving me the time.
Speaker A: I want an AR chicken, so I could just bring it into, like, make a nice coop in my backyard, bring it to Des's sister.
Speaker D: There's plenty of room for partnerships. So other projects that are out there, if you're interested in doing partnerships, we're open. And there's. There's people already reaching out about certain things that we can't talk about yet. But if you're interested in something like that and know whether it's 3d, ar illustrative, or, you know, derivative or whatever you want to do, partnership, collaboration wise, reach out. You know, we're definitely open to some things.
Speaker A: Awesome. That is great. All right, fellas. Four chamber for Des. Thank you very much, Ben. I am bunchu. And until next time, stay mint.
