Speaker A: Simsima who got the keys to my blood clot Bima big time driller monkey to gorilla who is this woman that I'm seeing in the mirror? Drink 42 and smoke cigar name one time where I didn't deliver silent figure I was just on the ends dropping gems with my friends I got a 33 ten and a pack of blems then got the gold black circle back again rapping when not I'm progressive what's happening? Ooh, pain tolerance couldn't break us pay homage if you respect how we came up cool trying to get to the paypal hitting from Jamaica might do me a favor true big simmer dipping ten toes in that as cold river bank got bigger been a different species choosing a locker been waiting to unleash these it's a no show if you can't guarantee fees I ain't got one threat to consider heaven and earth attached to one pillar, one one rest in peace to Mac Miller new sims drop to shake the whole shit up what's next? We'll be here for months talking about prospects saying I'm a job yes, sir. Roma Reign is against her run river resistant on my polyester run through the jungle they should have never let her cop some woos I hope never will fester yeah big art collector silent investor film director beating on my chest going apeshit putting in a grave shit faint life what you make it? Yeah is jungle winner all black fitted?
Speaker B: How'd you like that one, pain?
Speaker C: Loved it. Absolutely loved it.
Speaker B: That's a banger right there.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: What? What's going on, man? I'm fucking pumped up today. I got a. I feel like we left last a week ago. Today was a shit, it was a shit episode. And literally as we were rugging a project, I was heavy into got rugged and I lost, like, I don't know, way too much money. Yeah, I've just been stewing for the past seven. I took a holiday. I was away all this week, took a little vacation at the beach, and I'm back. I just got back about 2 hours ago, ready to, you know, ready, ready.
Speaker C: To podcast, you know, I love it. I honestly, when I started this up, I was like, I don't even know if I remember how to do this. It's been so long.
Speaker B: A little disappointed in bunch of really dropping the ball this week.
Speaker C: Absolutely.
Speaker B: I mean, don't get me started. I mean, bunch is one thing Des possibly could be dead. I don't know. I haven't heard from him.
Speaker C: He did not respond at all in the chat halfway concerned, halfway disappointed. I don't really know how to feel.
Speaker B: It's not the first time this has happened where we feared for Des, his life. So, you know, we'll. We'll see. But I got to get some housekeeping out of the way here first. We got. We got night shift tonight, I believe. Is that still on for tonight? I'm going to. I'll post stuff in the. Yeah. So, JP, I'm assuming everybody's there. JP, the whole crew. Is anybody gone this week? I don't really know what's happening this week. If anybody else is gone, that part.
Speaker C: I'm not sure of. I just know JP said we're back and I just.
Speaker B: Is Anthony. Is Anthony off that show now? That's the real question. That's what people want to know.
Speaker C: We'll have to ping him and see if he's going to be on there tonight.
Speaker B: People are asking, you know, people. People want to know these answers. And then I think it has. Has gentle Tornado received his account back or is he still on that other chamber?
Speaker D: I just pinned it to the top. He hasn't yet, but he's still got a show tomorrow morning. Reminders up top.
Speaker B: That's amazing. Thank you very much, J. Webb. Look at that. We're back. The hype foundation, like the heart foundation for those old school wrestler fans out there. A couple other key points here. A few minutes ago, breaking news for those basketball fans out there. J. Webb, I know you're a big basketball fan. Ad just signed a three year extension.
Speaker D: Big money.
Speaker B: Big money. Three years. $186 million.
Speaker D: 62 million years.
Speaker E: That's crazy.
Speaker B: I'll take that one over the Jalen Brown deal all day.
Speaker C: Well, it's probably going to net out to be the same considering he'll play about half the season.
Speaker B: Well, maybe like two thirds of the season, let's be honest, not half. It might average out to half, actually, over those three years. He is getting older. The other big news over the week, over, I won't say the weekend. The weekend hasn't started yet. I feel like a weekend. I think it was yesterday or possibly the day before comedic legend Paul Rubens, aka Pee wee Herman, passed away. And I don't know if it affected any of you the same way it affected me, but I was. I was distraught. Pee wee's playhouse was a big part of my childhood. I was a massive pee wee fan. Pee wee's big adventure. He got a raw deal back in the day. He got. He lied. He got canceled for no, you know, he was. I don't know if you guys remember this peewee got canceled back in, like, the nineties. Maybe it might have been. It might have been the late eighties. He was caught in a, you know, back in the day, pre Internet. If you. If you wanted to see, you know, some. Some adult, you know, entertainment, you had to go to these adult theaters, like, straight up movie theaters where they would just play adult movies. And, you know, I think it was understood that, you know, anything could happen in there as far as, you know, some. Some solo work. And I think he got caught in. In one of these establishments, and he lost his freaking show. And then everybody. And then, because the. Again, Internet wasn't what it was. It was a lot of, like, whispers and, like, you know, parents were upset about this, and it kind of made it seem like he was, like, a pervert. And then, like, pervert turned to, like, there was, like, a shadow of, like, maybe, like, some really inappropriate stuff, uh, you know, kid related. But there was none of that. He was just in an adult movie theater and lost his whole career. Uh, thank goodness there was a resurgence a few years ago where there was a fresh pee wee movie, and I feel like his. His reputation was reestablished and now is seen in the right light again. So shout out to Pee wee Herman. My. One of my heroes. Were you? I don't know, Payne, you might have been a little young for Pee wee. Did you?
Speaker C: I do know of Mister Peewee Herman. I did not know. I'd heard the, you know, the. By the time it got to me, you heard all the perv stuff and the other allegations, but I didn't know it was simply the adults.
Speaker B: That's all it was. That's all it was. And the poor guy got his whole career taken away from him. I think the Simpsons. The Simpsons kind of poke fun at it, I think, with Krusty in one of those theaters with, I think, police Chief Wiggum. I think. I think that's what happened. But, yeah, it was very, you know, hey, it was a adult man doing adult men things with other adults. You know what I mean? Very, very, you know, up and up. In my opinion, not a reason to be canceled, but here we are. I do want to pin another thing, because it's Friday. We want to have some fun. But I do want to ask you, pin, as I'm pinning some stuff, can you give me the TLDR on the week? I don't know what's happened. The only web three stuff that I was caught up to speed on was a clip. I think that you posted from coffee with captain, where it was, I think, d gods season three. And basically, the d gods don't want to be web three anymore. They just want to make sure they take care of their holders, which I'm totally in favor of. I really like Frank's take on that, by the way. But besides that, is there anything I missed, any high level stuff that I missed here?
Speaker C: I'll, uh. Since. Since J. Webb hosts a show, I'll, uh, I'll let him throw some stuff out there. But Yuga, the whole court case, um, happened where it's basically done. You know, Paulie and Ryder kind of got dunked on, but they're just basically seeing how much they owe. And then there are a few more other things. But honestly, if. If j wants to touch on the. The more high level yuga things, I'll let him, but if not, I'll keep rolling.
Speaker D: I'm still laughing at the pee wee hermit. All right, what happened this week? One of the bigger pieces of news actually came from ponds, founder of the plague. They had their announcement of their when utility thing. What it really is, it's like a coffee company, and he was on coffee with captain. You can listen back to that. It was really good interview. But basically, they're partnering with El Salvador, the country, because they have. Because they have very. They basically don't have taxes if you're a tech startup or you're into. Yeah, anything like that. So they're starting down there. They had, like, I saw the ambassador to the US for El Salvador was, like, tweeting about it. She's got, like, 400,000 followers. Like, a whole thing where they're. They're trying to build a business, you know, an actual business, and scale it and have the holders involved. So that was pretty cool. Um, we had a lawyer on today to discuss the Yuga stuff. We still have, like, a verdict there on how much they might owe, and there's probably gonna be, like, an appeals process, so that's still a ways down the line. Um, what the hell else happened this week? Yeah, pain, if you want to jump back in with anything else. That was just, you know, on the top of my mind after chamber gave us the nice ten minutes about why it's okay to masturbate, and it was okay to masturbate.
Speaker B: For the record, it was. It was the eighties, the nineties. New York was a whole different place back then. Payne, do you have any color to add to the yuga story?
Speaker C: I'm actually interested. Jaywa, what do you think about the shoes that the, the v friends dropped. The Reeboks.
Speaker D: I haven't seen those. I did see the crocs that doodles are doing as well. So those look kind of fun. You know, crocs are making a resurgence. I guess they're cool again. So. So that looks pretty neat. But I didn't see which v friends because there have been, like, rumors of those for a while. But, like, do you have something that you could pin up top? So we know.
Speaker C: Let me go find it also. Chamber. Are you a, are you a crocs fan? I know you're not a crocs, Maxi. We only have one crocs, Maxi. But.
Speaker B: So I would say, like, not really. I always have some for, like, yard work and stuff, or, you know, slip on to go outside. I'm not a, like, these people. These people, you guys don't know what I'm talking about. And if you're one of them, you know, you're being put on notice. These people that walk outside with no shoes on, barefoot, even with, I mean, with socks on, it's, it's, I mean, that should be put in prison. But people that walk outside barefoot get out of my face. So there should be some sort of easy, you know, slip on foot apparel to go in and out of the house with, you know, bring out the garbage, do some yard work, you know, without, you know, getting your nice shoes dirty. You know what I mean? So that's kind of how I see them.
Speaker D: Wait, are you saying that if, like, you wear, you don't wear shoes just, like, out into your real quick to go check the mail? That's weird.
Speaker B: Disgusting. You out of the house, you're out with the dogs. That's where you're going? In the backyard, in the doghouse? Yes. No, that's disgusting. So, yes, I do like crocs for that reason. But I did get, apparently there's these, like, I don't know, what are we going to call them, tchotchkes you can get for your crocs now that you know that I literally just got a week ago.
Speaker D: Oh, the pieces of.
Speaker B: The pieces of, that's the exact right term for it. The pieces of flare for your crocs. My wife ordered a whole bunch of them. She got me some kobe ones. So I have, like, black crocs with, like, kobe flair on it now, which I think is pretty cool. But again, I'm not wearing them. They don't, they don't, you know, it's, they're almost like an ankle bracelet. Like, they don't leave my yard. Do you know what I'm saying? Like, once you get past your driveway, like, you can't go any further. So as long as you're using them in a. Yeah, in a home sense kind of way, that's the only way I can respect croc wearing.
Speaker C: Well, I did throw the, I threw the Reeboks up top. I can't say I'm a big Reebok fan. Definitely seemed like some, some dad shoes also. Could you not just throw some slides on instead of the crocs? I know.
Speaker B: No, totally. Yeah, I mean, but, yeah, no, slides totally work. But sometimes your slides are nice. You know what I mean? You don't want to, you don't want to dirty those up either. More so for the yard work, I think the yard work, any sort of like lawn mowing, gardening, that kind of thing, you know, you don't want to mess up any good shoes. Sometimes slides don't protect my toes the way I want it, you know? Um, not that crocs are going to do much, but, you know, I feel a little bit more protected from my toots for my tootsies, you know what I'm saying?
Speaker C: 100% agree. A couple other things. Vinnie Hagar, do you know who that is? You probably don't.
Speaker B: I do. I do know who Vinnie Hagar is. I feel like Vinnie Hagar has, I think friend of the show. I feel like he's a been on the show. B has been on multiple Degen shows. And see, like, I think we've written articles about Benny. So I feel he is entrenched in the Djen community.
Speaker C: Yeah, we interviewed him as well. So even more so.
Speaker B: Look at that. Look at it.
Speaker C: But he did. I don't know if you're familiar with the floor app, but that's a team. They've been working for a while. And Vinny did a release, like an open edition and through the floor app where it was kind of a seamless two click process through the floor app. So you can do that Apple, Spotify or Spotify Apple, Android, whatever. And then there's also Amber Vittoria. She's doing one this week. So I think they're doing ten weeks, ten different artists, and it's kind of a drop. That's, that's going through the through app store. So that's pretty interesting.
Speaker B: That is pretty interesting. I like, I like Vinnie Hagar. He seems, he seems to be doing some cool stuff. Big fan. Okay, we're gonna pivot here. Enough. I feel like we've covered a lot of, you know, web three stuff.
Speaker C: Really front loaded it. So now we can just go off the walls.
Speaker B: Let's get into it. This was something that came up this week with my kids. And I posited my wife with this question. And I said, kids these days, I really sound old when I say that, but kids these days, I don't think, have childhood fears. Do you know what I mean? I asked my ten year old, like, if you're ten, you should have, like, an absolute, like, something that has scared you already. And she had nothing. Like, her life was so good that she has no fears so far. And I showed her. I just pinned it to the top here. My childhood fear. I was a big Muppets fan. Muppet babies as a kid. But the Muppets had this fucking Muppet that scared the shit out of me. And I had to Google what his name was because I forgot what his name was. But it was sweetums, and it's pinned to the top. Take a peek at it. It is. I wouldn't even know how to describe. It's a terrifying eight foot tall Muppet. I mean, it kind of looks like a sasquatch now that I'm looking at it again. But this rattled my bones as a kid. Like, it scared the fucking shit out of me. And I would like to know maybe pain. We'll start with you.
Speaker E: Did.
Speaker B: A, are you seeing this trend with kids today that they're just not scared of anything? And b, did you have a childhood kind of, you know, terror?
Speaker C: Um. All I'm seeing in kids these days is they just all have anxiety, high levels of anxiety, and can't. Can't interact in the world.
Speaker B: That's fair. That's fair.
Speaker C: As far as specific fears, I was. Man, I was never, never a big fan of spiders. I always thought if spiders knew that we were afraid of them, then we would be in trouble.
Speaker B: Now, I feel maybe I should define this a bit more because I feel like spiders. I'm still scared of spiders, but more like something that, when you look back, maybe isn't as scary. Like a lot of people were saying, like, you know, they had seen the movie it back in the day, and the clown. You know what I mean? Like, something like.
Speaker C: That's funny because that was actually second on my list. Was. Was it?
Speaker B: Was that yours?
Speaker C: It. And Chucky. And that stupid Chuck.
Speaker B: Yeah. That's what I'm talking about. Okay. Okay, cool. All right. So I know that it was a big one for a lot of people. Chucky, though, not a, I'm trying to think of Chucky scared me as a kid. I was not a fan like Freddie or like Jason, but I don't know if Chucky scared me too much. J. Webb, you. I know you got a. I don't know if your son's ready for being scared yet. I don't think he's that scared scared age yet. But are you seeing a similar trend? And did you have a kind of childhood fear growing up?
Speaker D: Well, you guys front ran me on the it thing because that was my.
Speaker B: Was that one yours in your tweet?
Speaker D: That one was mine, which is also why I was afraid of spiders, because, spoiler alert, that creepy ass fucking clown turns into a giant spider. And I saw that movie. I was, like, eight years old, and it was fucking horrifying. I was never afraid of clowns, but I was just afraid of that one with the sharp teeth that turned into a fucking spider. And so that was. That was a childhood fear. My kids only, like, 19, so we don't have anything there yet. But I do agree that kids these days, you know, once again sounding old, they just got it too easy. Yeah, too easy. They're not afraid of anything. You know, they. They just got too easy.
Speaker B: My kids aren't even. My kids aren't even scared of me, and I'm. I'm a monster that physically lives in their house. Yeah. No, I agree. They do have it easy. I mean, we only have ourselves to blame. We can't blame these kids. We're the ones. We're the ones giving them everything. So I only blame myself for this.
Speaker D: They're just so socially awkward. Like, you got a. I have a buddy who he's got. He's got an 18 year old son. He still says, tell his son, like, look me in the eye when he shakes his, like, shakes my hand. I'm like, that's weird, man. Like, come on, let's get. Let's get a little bit of decorum and. And, you know, the ability to have a conversation around here.
Speaker B: Yeah. I don't know. 18, though. 18 is still pretty young. I feel like I wasn't a man until I was, like, 27. And I'm like an eighties kid, you know what I mean? So 18. I still feel this is the time to start looking in the eyes. These are where you're learning those lessons. I still feel I was a snot nose kid because we were talking just the other day about 2007, and I'm 40 right now, so in 2007, I was, like, 24, but I. In. In 2007, I thought I was like a man. And looking back, I'm like, I didn't know what was happening. So, yeah, I figured, like, 27. I said, like, late twenties, you actually become a legit adult, so I'll go easy on the 18 year old still.
Speaker D: Did you ever get to a point where you're like, oh, yeah, my parents were right about everything, and I was a moron because I think that hit for me at, like, 25.
Speaker B: Yet I feel. Not that they were right about everything, because I do feel I was always smarter than my parents. I mean, to this day, I still feel that way, but I do feel some. Like, I felt pity more and more. Like, pity for them, or like, I'm like, oh, they were trying their best. So I did, like, tone down the angst, I think, by 25, if that makes sense. But, yeah, they were. My kids will probably say that about me. That I was right when they're 25 is my thought.
Speaker D: Why did I even ask you that question?
Speaker B: I missed you guys, by the way. I missed all of you.
Speaker C: As soon as you said that, I was like, that's just typical chamber fashion. And you know what? I love it. Don't ever change.
Speaker B: Joe, what do you got, man?
Speaker E: What's up, buddy?
Speaker B: Hey, man.
Speaker E: Um, look, I do feel like there was a delay in feeling like I was an adult, even though I was doing adult stuff, but, like, I want to go back to childhood fears. My son is nine, and, like this. I've seen my son start fights with kids twice his size, but he also sleeps in the middle of summer with a blanket on top of his head. Yeah, because he's convinced that something's going to fly into his ear and eat his brain. So, like, on one hand, he's tough as shit, and on the other hand, he's a complete fucking idiot. And I can't really make that connection point, but, like, there is fear.
Speaker B: You're right. You're really hitting home with me because 100%, my kid will have the weirdest things that they're worried about. But again, not like we'll tell. You know, we'll get in my face. Like, I'm always.
Speaker D: I'm still worried. I'm always something crawling into my ear.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's a. That's a real legit fear.
Speaker D: You have those earwig things.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah.
Speaker D: They're like these long insects with, like, the pincers. It just reminds me of straight up from the wrath of Khanda back in Star Trek when they put that thing in the guy's ear. Like, that's what it makes me think of every time.
Speaker B: It's a big earwig season right now, too.
Speaker E: Where I'm from, he's not even afraid of normal shit. It's just, like, the dumbest things. And I'm like, dude, I've seen you try to throw down with your cousins. And they're like, literally, like, he's nine years old, and the pediatrician tells us we have to feed him milkshakes every day because the little fucker can't put on weight. So he weighs, like, 45 pounds, right? And he's just, like, solid bone and muscle. But, like, he will go and fight people who weigh, like, 90 pounds and are, like, you know, teenagers. But, like, the shit that he finds himself, like, if he hangs from a pull up bar, he's like, oh, my God, I'm so high up. And he starts freaking out. And I'm like, you idiot. You just climbed up the side of the house just to show me you could touch the roof, but now you're hanging from a door frame, and you're freaking out. I'm like, you might be stupid. I just wanted to say the thing that I was most afraid of as a child. I accidentally watched the Manson Charles Manson movie when I was a real little kid. And then my stepdad's mother snuck us into a movie theater. Cause this is the type of woman she was. She also brought her own bag of popcorn and left me and my brother to watch silence or lamb when we were way too young to watch them. He left us and went somewhere else for, like, 2 hours and then came back and picked us up and.
Speaker B: Oh, the nineties.
Speaker E: Really? Yeah, that, like, really fucked me up. And then my stepdad used to do, like, a lot of coke, and so he would constantly get onto a binge and think that Freddy Krueger was outside. And that kind of messed me up, too. So those are my fears.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's another. That's a fun topic, too, is. Is movies you. You watched at a extremely inappropriate age. Silence of the lambs.
Speaker E: Of the lambs.
Speaker B: That's. I mean, I remember watching jaws at, like, five years old, six years old. Like, ridiculously too young.
Speaker D: I thought you're gonna say what caused you the most emotional trauma? And I was like, that could be a really fun episode. Let's dive into that one first.
Speaker E: The first terminator. My neighbor had just installed, like, a surround sound system, and I had never seen terminal. I was like, a little kid, and he's like, come and watch this. And so we go over there, and my mom's like, yeah, just stay at the neighbor's house, right? Because she's like, you know, get the fuck out of my house. Like, leave me alone. And so, like, my brother and I are sitting there watching this and like, that opening scene where the thing is smashing the skulls and it's like, super loud, and there's these speakers behind our headland, and we just, like, looked at each other like, what the fuck are we watching? That was a pretty. Pretty significant moment.
Speaker B: Well, a lot of people don't know this, but, like, a significant amount of the eighties, I think throughout the eighties, maybe into the. Even the nineties. I'll have to check this. But, like, PG 13 wasn't a thing. It was either a pg or r. So a lot of stuff got rated PGD. And you'd be like, oh, this is fine. Everybody can watch this. And now this is more like a. Probably more, you know, I don't know what. What's called, like, the porky.
Speaker E: Yeah, all that too. Where you're doing, like, a naked girl.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Sticking their dicks through holes in the gym locker. This is wild stuff, man. So, yeah, it was. It was a different era. It was a different era. Payne, what do you got? Mandev. Then we'll go to check. Chico, check.
Speaker C: Oh, well, check. Am I crazy? Did I see des come through and then disappear?
Speaker B: I didn't even see him, okay. I don't know.
Speaker C: I can't tell if I made it up. I swear I saw him. I invited him on stage and he disappeared. But he probably saw the topic, and then he's like, all right, I'm out. But, yeah, just a few comments. Cap in there, he said he always remembers the fear from. From movies. Was, uh. The only fear he remembered was Freddy Krueger. He watched the first three of them over one weekend when he was at his dad's. Probably eleven or twelve. So, yeah, his mom was not happy, apparently, as she shouldn't be.
Speaker B: He was eleven or twelve.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: My daughter asked me if she could watch nightmare on Elm street, and I didn't think it was a good idea. So I'm glad Chris is saying he was eleven or twelve, and that was a bad idea, so. Okay.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, terrible idea. Also, stu came through. He said gremlins, which I could get that one. Those little creatures were freaky.
Speaker B: Oh, totally.
Speaker C: Yeah. Those little creatures were freaks on the shoes. Natty wife, she said she's actually getting the Reebok, so respect to you, Natty wife. And then Vaughn Fronton said, reeboks and crocs making web three headlines. He didn't have that on the bingo card. Me neither.
Speaker B: I I feel like Reebok gets a bad rap. I have a couple of pairs of reeboks that are, I think, pretty good shoes and not the best shoes. But I feel like people should be wearing more reeboks. So I'm glad to see Reebok getting some love. No pain is not having any of that. But, yeah, I don't know. I feel that they make okay shoes. They're not that bad. Uh, checo, chico, what do you, how do you, how do I say that?
Speaker F: Check.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker F: Just a random, random name. I would choose it differently if I could do it again, wouldn't we?
Speaker B: All.
Speaker F: Right, so I got, I got a few things. One, on the movies, the first, the first nightmare on Elm street is terrifying. Was terrifying. When I was a kid, I had this older neighbor that, that just used to show me all sorts of stuff. The exorcist.
Speaker B: Exorcist is terrifying.
Speaker F: I think one of the reasons it is so scary is because it has kids in it. Any of them that had kids when you're a kid watching that have, like, an extra, extra fear factor?
Speaker B: Well, I bring this up all the time when we talk about it, but a lot of people either don't know or don't remember. It was a tv movie. Like, it was on television. So what? Like, you didn't have to go rent it. It was, it first aired on, like, NBC or, like, ABC. And it was like an. I think it was like an hour and a half or, like 2 hours on one Sunday. And then the following Sunday, you got, like, the second half. So everybody and their mother, like, had it recorded on VHS. So, like, everybody had a copy of it. I found, like, growing up. Yeah, it was just, it was just so much more accessible than any of the other horror movies. And what they did, like, it wasn't like, that violent. Like, there was, there was no nudity. There was not that much gore. But it was just so psychologically damaging. I don't know how they got away with it on television, but, yeah, it was, it was just so available to everybody. So I could see why that one, you know, struck a chord with most people.
Speaker F: It was a real tv event.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah.
Speaker F: There was a time when you could some, like a mini series like, that could kind of capture the attention of everybody.
Speaker B: Absolutely.
Speaker F: I remember.
Speaker B: Absolutely. I feel like that was, like, the number one. There was some other, like, Steven, I remember, I think they tried to do with the stand afterwards. It was good. It wasn't as good as it, but. Yeah, no, definitely those, like, mini series on, like, network tv was definitely a thing. And now Twin Peaks.
Speaker F: Twin Peaks was another huge one.
Speaker B: I can't wait. I can't wait to show my kids that when they get older, but that's still one of my favorites. No, that's good. Do you have any kids? Are they psychologically damaged like we were, or.
Speaker F: No kids. No kids. I'm like, I'm about your same age. No kids. One thing. The thing I was the most scared of as a kid, there was two things, really, that came to mind. One, just a general terror of kidnapping. I was scared.
Speaker B: The white van. Yeah, I got. I got. I'm with. I'm with you.
Speaker F: And then the last one. And this is a little more controversial, maybe, but it's just the truth was.
Speaker B: God. God, bro.
Speaker F: Scared this shit.
Speaker B: Listen, I just care. I grew up pretty hardcore and I was. Yeah, revelation, any sort of, you know, I'm gonna say some shit right now and I hope I don't offend too many people, but the fact, like, the hell storyline in general as a child, fucking terrible. Okay, guys. It's terrible. I remember, like, I grew up Catholic and we had. Yeah, we had. There's a story back hundred years ago, like, this was like a legit, apparent story that, you know, they. They put this out there as, like, truth, like, non bible truth. Was there was this, like, these three kids, like, in Fatima that they. That they would see these, like, visions of hell and, like, they would. They would talk about this and I'm like. I am terrified and. Yeah, you know, they wonder why I found some. Some different paths as I got older, but, yeah, no, absolutely underappreciated hell as a childhood trauma. Good, good. You know what? That's great. I appreciate that. Some good. Some. Some good childhood fears are bringing up here. So. Yeah, I don't know. It's tough. So, I don't know, pain. Should I be on a mission to scare the shit out of my kid at this point to bestow some childhood trauma on?
Speaker C: Absolutely. Because that's what made us the people that we are. It's the fears that make us and that break us. So, honestly.
Speaker B: I wonder what it will be because I do try to, you know. You know me, I show her scary movies, but I am typically. They're a little bit newer, I find newer scary movies don't. You know, I don't want to see, like, the sex scenes and the nudity stuff. Right. And super gory stuff. I typically, you know, she's seen some gore, but it's more the adult stuff. I don't want her to have to watch. So the newer stuff does a better job of kind of splitting that off. But do you have a recommendation? Like, what should I scare the shit out of her with? Like, his exorcist too far?
Speaker C: That's pretty deep. And when we started talking about it, Joe's hand flew up. So I'm actually really interested in, in his thoughts, but I'll definitely have a movie recommendation on the way back.
Speaker B: All right, Joe, what do you got?
Speaker E: I just feel like it's our job. Look, let's be like this chamber. My kids are westernized. People who get. They live in a central air conditioned, heated home. They don't, they don't struggle for clean water. They, they fuck everything. Everything they want sickens their parents. Their parents, like, oh, my goodness. Could you imagine my wife, like, could.
Speaker B: You imagine that you don't get divorced?
Speaker E: Yeah, we're not, we don't throw shit at each other, right? Like, and so, like, how else are my kids gonna, one, build characters, and then two, justify all the counseling that they're going to want to go to because everybody goes to therapy unless I fuck with them.
Speaker B: I have an, I have an idea, Joe.
Speaker E: I'm trying to do them.
Speaker B: I have an idea.
Speaker E: I'm just trying to help them. All right, go for it.
Speaker B: We're going to start. This is a billion dollar idea. We're going to start next summer, okay? An exchange program for kids. Okay? I'm going to send my kid over to you, you send your kid over to me, we won't have the guilt of scaring them because I will feel guilty if I scare, like, you know what I mean? If I scare my own kid, I won't feel that guilty if I scare your kid. And, you know, you probably won't either. So I think we do a exchange program, a terror exchange program. What do you think? What do you think about this, Joe?
Speaker E: I like this because, like, it reminds me back to, like, the Simpsons.
Speaker B: The France. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker E: So I'm like, I'm like, totally with that. Like, if you ended up at the house next to the cemetery, man, I have some tasks I want you to send that little fucker to go do.
Speaker B: I like this, I like this. I think we have something cooking here. Okay. All right. I feel good about this. Let's plan it out through the rest of the, you know, through the next, the next twelve months. And by the time school ends next year, we do a summer program. I'm so pumped for this. Payne, you want to get in on this action?
Speaker C: I honestly, I would love to just come in and be some kind of creature, but, you know, gotta. Gotta be careful. Don't want him to be. Be too scared of me.
Speaker B: No, no, no. You're still nice, though. That's the other thing. Checo, what do you got?
Speaker F: All right, one last thing. So I'll just throw this in as a possible variable to consider here. And I don't want it to take the conversation in a different direction, but it seems to me that kids these days, judging from my nephews and my nieces, have a higher level baseline of sort of fear than past generations. Like, I don't know if we need to induce fear necessarily. Maybe that's just how we roll in my family. We give the kids a sense of sort of doom and that the institutions aren't going to hold and that everything's different. But I feel like I grew up with a sense that the world was generally a safe place for me. And I don't know if these kids, these kids are having that experience. That's the only thing I wanted to introduce there.
Speaker B: That's fair. That's fair. So you're saying, like, kids these days are more. See the world as a. On the precipice of destruction?
Speaker F: Like, if they're listening, I don't know. Again, this is maybe just from my own vantage point, but if they're listening to the adults around them talk about, I don't know, that institute, governing institutions, the climate, I don't know, all sorts of things. It just feels like they're growing up in a. In a heightened sense of, I don't know, awareness or vigilancy or something, maybe.
Speaker B: Are you. Are, you know, without doxxing yourself too much, whereabouts in the world do you dwell? Are you american? Canadian.
Speaker F: Midwest. Midwest.
Speaker B: Okay. All right. Some of my favorite places. Big, big fan of Wisconsin. That's interesting. I'm going to have to look into this some more. Maybe I'm off base.
Speaker F: Maybe I'm off base.
Speaker B: I'm going to take this information. I'm going to assess it within the real world.
Speaker E: And I disagree.
Speaker B: You disagree? Joe, what are your thoughts?
Speaker E: Look, ok, we had a half dozen clear channels, and all it was. Was like, terrible murder, destruction. And at school, like, we were literally doing either earthquake drills, because I'm in California. And so, like, every time the news did a special, it was like, when is Southern California going to get the next big.
Speaker B: That is true.
Speaker E: And then it would be like, oh, if you live in a building that was built in 1972, it's probably going to fall down. And Elmer's like, mom, when was this house built? And then. And then when we weren't doing earthquake drills, we were still hiding underneath our little plyboard tables because the Russians were going to. Well, the Soviets were going to nuke us, and it was like we had to practice. So I would argue and wait, wait, wait. I was in southern California, so I also had, like, two summers of the serial killer, right? Plus we had drive by shootings all.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's.
Speaker E: So.
Speaker B: That's real.
Speaker E: So we were, like, basically spending the summer, like, laying on the floor of the house so he wouldn't get shot or murdered waiting for the Russians to drop a nuclear.
Speaker B: The nineties were pretty rough on socal in general, you had the rise.
Speaker E: Eighties. That was eighties. And then we got into the nineties. So, like, I would say. I understand what you're saying. With the planet is melting and my kids should feel doom and gloom because the center cannot hold, but every generation has something to be terrified.
Speaker B: See, I would say, for me, growing up, I missed, like, by the time, like, the wall fell and all the serial killers were kind of arrested, I was just becoming kind of aware of my surroundings. So, like, you know, 8910.
Speaker E: I love that we solved the serial killer.
Speaker B: Yeah, the serial killers. No more. No, there's almost serial kills now. But, you know, the big ones that, you know, your. Your hall of famers, uh, really all got the Domers. You know, your. Your. Your LeBrons and your gretzky's, you know, I'm saying, um. And then, you know, I was. I was, you know, what was it? Three Mile island, seven Mile island, five mile.
Speaker E: Oh, wait, wait, wait. We had AIDS.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker E: Like, that was still a thing. I mean, AIdS took out, you know, Hiv took out.
Speaker B: I feel like I missed all of that. I'm like, you know, you can't be.
Speaker E: More scarred than, like, I remember that day. My brother was in elementary school. I was in, you know, old grade, and carrying this giant bag home. My brother comes running up. He's like, magic is retiring right now. It's like, what? Drop the bag. My brother had to haul this giant bag all the way back home. It was like, the worst thing that ever happened to him. I ran there, watching him retire from back. We were all sure he was gonna die.
Speaker B: Well, I think that's about. That was my.
Speaker E: He's gonna die now, you know, so we had that.
Speaker B: That was my connection to HIV was magic. OJ and the. Had magic died of AIDS, I think it would have affected me more. But because magic was the first person I knew that had HIV and never died, I never was that worried about HIV. Through the nineties and into the two thousands.
Speaker E: Oh, we were in southern California.
Speaker B: It was a big deal. So I feel like for me, I just, all that stuff was in the rearview and yeah, we had OJ when I was a kid. And then really the really bad stuff was kind of like columbine and school shootings and stuff. But I'd say for a good chunk of my childhood there was really, besides the white vans and the occasional kidnapping, there was really nothing happening. At least in my neck of the woods. Uh, circles you've had, you've been so patient, I'm sure you have lots to say. What do you got?
Speaker G: I mean, uh, so first off, I mean, Joe also lives in California where we know that he is currently homeless thanks to the raging fire slash, landslide, slash.
Speaker E: We're in a fEMa camp right now.
Speaker G: Yeah, living in it. So I mean, really, California, he's obviously going to be dealing with some sort of generational trauma over and over again. So I can't really think of it like immediate, like, oh, this childhood fear jumps up. I do remember this story because of course I'm not going to remember of my first birthday though, that they decided to do a circus theme and they went all out, streamers everywhere. My father decided to dress up as a clown, face paint and all. And as soon as I saw him, I just started like bawling my little eyes out. Because who wants to see a clown for their first goddamn birthday? Let me tell you, not this kid. So yeah, that's the first thing that comes to mind with childhood fears. I don't think that really followed me, like throughout my life. It's just the story that gets passed down.
Speaker B: That's amazing. No, see, I always wondered how much clowns, are clowns inherently scary? Or Washington or was it such a social experiment that affected so many? Were clowns scary? I know we had serial. What was his name? John Wayne Gacy. Was the clown serial killer. Are clowns just inherently scary on their own without those, without it, without John Wayne Gacy? I don't know.
Speaker E: He was the Larry bird.
Speaker B: He was, he would talk a lot of shit. He would talk to the kids. Sorry. That's too bad. That's too bad. Shout out to Jweb, by the way. Just dropped in the war room for anyone wondering. We've reached the HIV portion of the mint condition that is a very, very funny comment. And pain, you know, lets everybody know not to tell Bunch. Hes not going to listen to this, so we can say whatever we want, you know, shit, fuck, piss, it doesnt matter. Hes not listening.
Speaker E: Serial killers laughing at kids.
Speaker B: Its the Larry bird of it all, really. The ultimate shit talker.
Speaker D: I mean, I think when we started talking about Pee wee and what he, you know, got came down on for in the first five minutes of the show, you could tell there was not going to be a family friend.
Speaker B: I just. I wanted to set the record straight on Pee wee. And really, you know, if anybody had any sort of questions about Pee wee and his, you know, and his. His history, I just wanted to set the record straight in his honor. It was really honoring Pee wee. We'll ask bunch his thoughts on Pee wee because I think bunch is a big pee wee guy. I might be wrong, but I feel like that's right in his wheelhouse. Joe, what do you got, man?
Speaker E: I saw Pee wee Herman dance on stage once with Prince when I was a little kid.
Speaker B: For real?
Speaker E: He appeared. Yeah, he appeared at a concert that. It was Princess concert. It was at the height of big top. Pee wee hermit of big adventure. After big adventure, he was on stage dressed as Pee wee Herman. And they did the whole dance on the stage.
Speaker B: And you were at a prince concert?
Speaker E: Oh, I had such inappropriate parenting.
Speaker B: I mean, this is great, in my opinion. Great parenting.
Speaker E: It's just ridiculous, the amount of shit that they exposed us to at such a young age. But, yeah, I was at a prince concert.
Speaker B: Wow, that. That's. That's pretty, like. That's pretty amazing.
Speaker E: See, it's around the sheena e period of when he was. Yeah, that period.
Speaker B: Wow, that's, uh.
Speaker E: That's vanity. You know, like vanity seven. I think they opened for prince.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker E: Totally inappropriate for a child.
Speaker B: Totally for a child. But, uh, very cool nonetheless. That's. That's awesome. Uh, so, yeah, so, no, that's jweb. Yes, we just. That it was more to. Yeah, to set the record straight on Peewee, because on TMC, we are pro peewee. Mister House, I see you in the audience, and he's a little bit younger, and I wonder if he bridges the gap between current youth and my youth. And I'm wondering if he has generational trauma that he would like to discuss, if anybody. I feel like everybody, that's.
Speaker E: I love this.
Speaker B: Could you come up and I want a 20 something. And I don't feel. We've had. I don't think I circles. You're not in your twenties, right?
Speaker E: Circles, 1000.
Speaker G: No, I'm in.
Speaker E: I'm in early.
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, I need somebody in there. There he is right there. Payne, let him up. Let Mister House up. I need a 20 something mister house. I don't know how much you've listened to the show so far, but I would like your opinion on a, like, what was your childhood, you know, trauma, what scared you the most as a kid and then your opinion on youth today. And if they're too. If we're pampering them too much, I guess, and not scaring them enough.
Speaker H: I don't know, generational trauma. I didn't have a common one. I had this really irrational fear of wolves.
Speaker B: Did you live in the forest?
Speaker H: No, I live nowhere near a forest or anywhere where wolves are commonly found. Like, I'm probably a solid 2000 miles from. So, yeah, no chance of ever encountering a wolf. My thoughts on the current youth. I was a babysitter while I was in high school, and one of these kids threw his Xbox controller at me because I took away his iPad and said we could go outside.
Speaker B: He told you we.
Speaker H: No, that's what I told him. Instructions. So this is like, this is like twelve ish years ago. Eleven, whatever. Regardless. So we go outside and he just complains the entire time. So I'm like, okay, let's just play Xbox. Loophole. They didn't say nothing about the Xbox. They said no IP. I beat him in FIFA. And he throws the controller at me again. Like, I didn't like Molly whop or anything.
Speaker D: Right?
Speaker H: It was a competitive game, but yeah. So it went through like the too addicted to video games. Hyper angry because no one really knows why they're spoiled and they're not spoiled. Versus now you have like the post Covid. We don't know how to talk to anyone and get really nervous and shy and hide behind our parents, even though we're like seven through eleven years old. Like, it's one thing if you're in elementary school or kindergarten, preschool, but when it's like middle school age and you gotta hide behind the parents and like, cowering fear at a stranger, that's not a stranger but a family friend. That's where I start thinking, we got.
Speaker D: Something wrong with the youth.
Speaker B: That's interesting. Like, I don't see that with my kids necessarily. We wrote in public the other day and I noticed my oldest daughter, who's ten. There's another girl roughly her age, I would say. I'd say anywhere from like nine to eleven. She walked by, and I kind of noticed, you know, she was making eye contact with my daughter. And I look over my daughter, and she kind of gave her, like, a head nod, like, what's up? And, like, they don't know each other. Like, we were nowhere near her, you know, where. Where she's. You know, where she normally resides. And I thought that was interesting. Like. Oh, like. Like, you know, when you see, like, another adult, you walk down the street and, you know, somebody gives you, like, a head nod, you don't know them. And I felt like that's what it was. And I was like, good for you. Like, that's. That's good. Just give another. Other fellow, you know, preteens, the, you know, what's up? And I thought that was. I thought that was a nice. A nice gesture. Payne, what do you got, man?
Speaker C: Just going back into the archives, you know, kind of the middle. I feel like me and circles are around the same age, so I feel like 911 was. Was kind of like a yemenite, a very impactful part just because of what happened. And kind of the narrative is driven that. But then Xbox live party chats, I don't know if you've ever been in.
Speaker B: One, but I have not to tell this old ad all about it.
Speaker C: Yeah. So back then, you had to have. I mean, you had to. You had to have some intestinal fortitude, for sure. It's sex jokes, racial slurs. Anything and everything was. Was thrown at you, and you couldn't do anything except try to try to hurl the next worst insult. Or you just had to. Mister House talking about breaking his controller was. Was really what sparked it for me. You basically just had to throw your controller and turn off your Xbox and just rage quit, though.
Speaker B: Yeah, I was gonna say, my daughter says that about me all the time. I rage quit stuff all the time.
Speaker C: I can definitely imagine that they're too.
Speaker B: Good, especially when they're too good. It's very upsetting when there's no physical where I can't just, you know, physically abuse them in, like, a sport or something, or even like, a mind game. Like, you know, if we're playing cards or a board game, I can. I can mentally abuse them. But when we're playing video games, I feel like I'm at a disadvantage most of the time, and I do rage quit, but. Yeah, no, I. You talk about. What was it called? Like, the x, would you call Xbox live chat.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: Or parties. I remember the. And I was thinking about this not that long ago, the early days of the Internet. I'm talking like 96, you know, 97 where you would get into these, like, I forget what they're called. Like, like, chat. Like, chat rooms, I guess you would call them.
Speaker D: I was gonna bring this up full of perverts. Perverts.
Speaker B: Every one of those perverts. I was a young pervert, but I was one of the perverts.
Speaker D: No, older perverts.
Speaker B: I think I got tricked.
Speaker D: Grown men trying to talk to teen boys.
Speaker B: It was strict a lot as a kid that with, I remember searching out being the, you know, four, you know, 1413 year old pervert that I was at the time, you know, looking for women to, like, talk dirty. Like, you could have, like, they would just say shit. Like, you get, like, voice chats.
Speaker D: Chamber.
Speaker C: Don't use the term lurking.
Speaker B: I feel I got tricked. Like, you know, maybe men were putting on the female voice to trick me, and I was all for it. So these. It was wild time. So did the. The Xbox chat kind of all things go crocs, Maxi. No one's stopping me now. Like, there's literally nobody here to stop me. So this is gonna be. But that's what it reminded me of. It reminded me of the early, like, chat, you know, chat group days where you would go onto these wild websites and try to, you know, try to chat with chicks. And I think I was tricked by maybe pervert men. Yeah, we'll never know. We'll never know. That's.
Speaker C: That's crazy. Today, you can't do any of that stuff, especially like, Xbox Live. You can't talk trash because kids can find your IP address that, you know, all these kids are tech smart, right? They'll find it, know where you live. It's like they're not going to do anything, but they'll swat you or they'll, you know, they'll call the SWAT on your address and then. I don't know if you, if you've heard of that term, but if not, well.
Speaker B: Swaddles.
Speaker C: Swatting.
Speaker B: No, I don't know what that is.
Speaker C: Well, they call the SWAT team on you.
Speaker B: Like, the actual SWAT team.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: Legitimate SWAT team.
Speaker B: That's wild. No, that's. This is why I don't play online games. It seems the. Yeah, the. The risks are too high for me. Jweb, what do you got? Mandev?
Speaker D: Yeah, swatting is no bueno. Some people have died from getting shot by the SWAT team, so don't do that.
Speaker B: For real. This is wild to me. This is crazy.
Speaker D: What you just said. Chamber also reminded me you wanting to be preyed on. It was like the only sunny where Mac and Charlie are upset that they weren't diddled when they were kids. So I think your connection to those guys started a young age.
Speaker B: Who'd have thought?
Speaker D: Yeah. That's all I had to say.
Speaker B: For the record, I didn't know there was predators on the Internet. The fact that 96. There was. We didn't know. We didn't know that. That there was predators out there. We just thought there was just hot chicks on the other end of the line. You know, it was the nineties. Joe, tell me you were also.
Speaker E: It was in the. Yeah, it was ASL question mark.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker E: I chat. Chat rooms and IRC. Asl, question mark. And you would get that because they didn't know what you were. Asl, question mark. Asl, question mark. Every time you join a different chat room. Asl, question mark. That's all. And you were like, after a while, you're like, oh, perverts.
Speaker B: Not me.
Speaker E: You had the canadian naivete. You were like, oh, this is just.
Speaker B: All like, how many. How many 14 year old girls are on this thing? It was great. It was just all girls my age that were all horned up, just like I was.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think it's definitely important to specify that you were 14 at the time.
Speaker B: Yeah, it was also 14. Yeah, no, again, 13. I was. Yeah, I think was 13 to 96.
Speaker E: But yes, I knew, though, that the Internet had weird men on it because my grandpa was on it and he was.
Speaker B: He. No, I was the only. I remember, yeah, my parents still don't know how to use the Internet, I don't think. But yes, I was the one trailblazing.
Speaker E: He's the one that showed me. He's the one that showed me how computers were, and then he would send me these jokes, and then they started to make sense once I found my stepdad's playboys and I was like, oh, that's the joke. I get it now. But when you're really little and you're not really sure about the anatomy and you're still trying to figure it out, and your grandpa's sharing these jokes with you and he's like, wink, wink. And you're like, oh, yeah, I totally get it, guy. And then all of a sudden. So then when I got on the Internet, I was like, yeah, there's a lot of weirdos out there. Like my grandpa.
Speaker B: That's amazing. Yeah, I didn't. I don't think I knew anybody that was older than me that was on the Internet. It was me and my cousin, we were. We were the trailblazers of the family. Kind of, you know, bushwhacking through the world wide web, you know, and very naive, I think. But, yeah, looking back, I definitely. I have to imagine I was preyed upon. I have to imagine. Right. But anyways, we'll leave it there. We're at. Wow, we're pretty close to 05:00 we're at the hour. This was a wild one, guys. Don't tell Bunch. We talked about all these things today. That would be great because he's definitely a lot of podcasts with me after this.
Speaker D: Maybe don't float this one.
Speaker B: Oh, no. It's going on Spotify. Because I feel like I'm cheating if I don't, you know, if he goes out of his way to listen to a show, which he never does, you know, I have to. I have to. I have to play by the rules. So what? I don't like to cheat. So if, you know, I put out this content, it's going out. And if he listens to it, which I'm not too worried that he will, we'll deal with it on Monday.
Speaker C: What kind of song would you expect me to end this show?
Speaker B: Pee Wee's Playhouse theme music maybe.
Speaker E: Pee.
Speaker B: Wee, who was not a pervert. It was just at an adult movie theater.
Speaker D: It was the eighties.
Speaker B: Anything went back then. But to be canceled for that is. It's deplorable. But yeah, I don't know if you can find that pain, but I would love to exit on Pee Wee's Playhouse theme music. That would be great. But yeah, no, be sure to check out tomorrow for the complete opposite show. I think it's 1030. 11:00 I don't know what time is it at? Anybody know what time?
Speaker C: 1030.
Speaker B: Too early for me. 1030. I like to sleep in 1030 est. Listen in for gentle Tornado. Dan is also host. Is there a third host in that one as well? I can't think that's right. They'll be very positive. They won't be talking about AIDS. They won't be talking about murderers. They'll be. It's all. It's all going to be positive stuff. So make sure to catch that tomorrow morning. Tonight, I can't speak for the night shift guys. I feel they can go off the rails, too. But check them out. 1130. They'll probably have more web three content. My voice is completely gone now, but yeah, check out them at 1130 and then hopefully, I think bunchu might be gone all next week as well, so we might have another week of this. And I will be here. I'll be here Monday, Wednesday, Friday. I'm not leaving you guys anymore. I couldn't do that. I felt it was too long for me. So I need to have these conversations. We need to push the boundaries of civilized conversation. And we'll do that all next week, especially if bunch is not here. So until next time, stay mint.
Speaker I: And pull yourself up a chair. Put the fun beginning time to wet down your head. Rhythm coming from puppet win. Here you do a cool cat, sticky baby or the puppet band. You gotta come up with Poppy and happy main playing house while we spinning. Next, the window, bringing forth Harry's boy and Boyd. Get out of bed. There'll be no more nappies. Now we can't. It's gonna be next morning. We'll be waggy.
