Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the mid mic crisis. I am bunchu alongside my esteemed colleague. Colleague and co host. Chamber. Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: Not too bad, man. It's mid October, the weather is not great. I feel like we've seen the last of the really warm days and a little sad about it, but, you know, it's, like, shitty. It's just shitty weather outside. And frankly, Halloween's not doing it for me. That's not enough. I need more than just Halloween to make me really enjoy. And I'm not a, you know, I'm not a PSL guy. Uh, it's just not enough for me.
Speaker A: No psls for you?
Speaker B: No, no. Um, I don't like to drink my calories. What do you think? What do you think about that?
Speaker A: No, um, a hundred percent not drinking my calories. Uh, probably changed my life, I would say so. It's funny, I, you know, I first met my wife was 2016, and I wanted to lose some weight and so her and I did weight watchers together and. Yeah. And so at the time, I was living in an apartment by myself in New Jersey and I was drinking snapple all the time. Like, that was my go to drink. I'd probably drink four of them a day. And, like, when I started on weight watchers, like, if you've never done it before, they basically break out your day into, like, points. And you track, like, you scan something, it tells you how many points you have. And for my age, height and weight, I got like 31 points a day or something. And I would scan a snapple in and it would be like eight points. And I'm like, oh, no. And so from that day forward, I was like, I can't do that anymore. And, like, that didn't even account, like, beers or anything else I was drinking at the time. And so it was right then that I made the switch and started drinking, like, polar seltzers. And I would, I would bet I'm one of Polar's best customers. That's all I drink for the last five years or so, so. But even to your point about the psls, well, I mean, first of all, like I said, like, that you're. You're spot on of, like, definitely sneaky calories, uh, if you're drinking your calories, right? And then, um, but even with the pumpkin spice latte stuff I had, I actually did the same thing, like, last year or the year before, or I would drink a lot of them and they're very calorically.
Speaker B: They gotta be what? Like, like, if you're getting like a medium. They gotta be 300 5400 calories.
Speaker A: Yeah, probably right. And then that's crazy. Probably. But so I actually switched up my fall beverage this year because of that. And I do the pumpkin cream cold brew instead, which is just like, it's a cold brew and on top they throw like the little, you know, pumpkin whipped cream on it and so you still get a little bit of it but you're not getting that massive, you know, full on right bodied thing. So that is like half or less the calories of what a PSL is. So that's how I've been getting my, my, you know, thick.
Speaker B: That's good. I mean I think I figured out the, it seems like you have as well like how to lose weight and it not being like a hassle. You know what I mean? It sounds like you have I think like those types of things. Like obviously when you can track your, like your calorical intake I think is a big one and you can see like what's shitty for like, you know, calorie wise, what's like, obviously like real red flags, like a blizzard from DQ is like the worst thing you could probably eat. But so I, I stopped. Yeah, don't want to drink any calories. So it's like, you know, it's water and like Coke zeros basically is what I drink. I also like incorporated like a Dennis Reynolds style eating cycle where I've basically skipped breakfast and most lunches and just, you know, crush, you know, water and diet cokes all day and then eat what I want at dinner and then maybe a little sneaky treat at the end of the day and yeah, you throw in a little, little cardio, little walking around and you know, you don't look like an absolute piece of shit. Yeah, I mean you're still not, I don't feel like Arnold Schwarzenegger at the moment. But you know, it's, I think it's the move. I've dropped some sizes. I'm getting. My neighbors are calling me out. Like, literally two neighbors in the last week have been like, you lost like a lot of weight. I'm like, oh, I wouldn't say a lot. I would say I was still good looking. They're making a big deal about it, which I don't like, but I definitely noticed it both times. But I don't really feel like I'm dieting either. Just like, you know, I eat the things I like to eat, but I just, it's when you eat them, I think is the big key.
Speaker A: I do the. I do the breakfast. No lunch. Dinner.
Speaker B: Breakfast, no lunch. See, I feel as soon as I put one little morsel of food in my mouth, my hunger monster is not satiated. You know what I mean? So I feel like if I just don't eat, like, I'm not as hungry as if I eat a little bit of something first thing.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, I'm a, I'm a breakfast, no lunch dinner guy. And then the majority of my calories probably come after 05:00 p.m. hundred percent. I do dinner and then my wife and I have the guilty pleasure of, like, dessert. Every night.
Speaker B: Yeah, every night.
Speaker A: Yeah. Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: 100%. I'm the same.
Speaker A: And, like, I've even had to go, like, find things that I would. Let's see how, like, quench the, like, fulfill the craving but are still, like, not totally terrible for you. So, you know, we've, like, it got so bad to the point where I'm like, all right, we need to have, like, better things in the house. And so now we have, like, these chocolate rice cake. So that's my fucking dessert.
Speaker B: No, that's not a dessert.
Speaker A: Well, you know, it's the little sweet, it's the little sweet craving. It's low calories. So, like, when I have the munchies late at night watching tv, I can house like six of them for 200 calories and not feel guilty about it. Rather than the seven Reese's peanut butter cups I ate last night.
Speaker B: My move is completely the opposite. I liked, because I'll put in, I'll throw in like, you know, three, sometimes four walks in a day and I'll get my, like, my steps up to, like, you know, 18, 20,000 steps in a day. And then I'll have this surplus of calories. So going into, like, post dinner, I like to have anywhere from 800 to 1000 calories left in my, my day. So I can crush whatever I want.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's pretty much what I do. And, like, I think you just are underestimating how little self control I have once that part of it starts. Like, I surely have on most days. Like, when I was really tracking, like, on most days, I have 800 plus calories left after, like, dinner.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So, like, normally I wouldn't care, but then, you know, you eat seven Reese's peanut butter cups and that goes away really quickly.
Speaker B: That's only like, 500.
Speaker A: Yeah, but like, you know, and it's all, it's also expensive, so that's part of it too. But the, so, you know, we've done this thing this week where my wife buys all the Halloween candy and it breaks out early. And so we actually finished everything she bought, I believe it already, and now have to go make another store visit.
Speaker B: We haven't purchased anything just for that particular reason, because I will like it. It's so easy to, like, I can honestly, like. No, like, without like trying to make a big deal about it. You know, if just an average amount of Halloween candy in one sitting, like twelve pieces, probably like, no problem, you know what I mean? Just like ten to twelve wrappers at the end of the night, just laying on my coffee table.
Speaker A: Oh, you know, the move. That's, that's exactly it.
Speaker B: You want to know the best move? The best move. So here in Canada, we have smarties. I know you guys have smarties, but we call them rockets. Here in Canada, they're those, you know, the shitty, dusty, tablet style candies. But here in Canada, the smarties are more like better M and Ms, like a candy coated chocolate. They come in these little boxes and what I do is I take, that's my box of shame. And what I'll do is I'll stuff all of the little candy wrappers into the empty box of smarties. And then that way, I don't even know how many I ate. And you could honestly put probably 25 wrappers in there, just crush them in and all the secrets go away. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yeah, I had to, uh, this is so, by the way, like the, I mean, the stuff we're talking about right now, this is why the show is called mid mic crisis. Like, this is, uh, shit you only have to worry about when you are in the middle of your life having, uh, you know, to watch your weight and all of that kind of stuff. But, uh, yes, I relate to that very much the other day. So, um, my wife and I will hang out in our basement at night. That's where like the big tv is and all this stuff. And so we put the kids to bed, we come downstairs to hang out. That's where we, you know, have our snacks, watch our trash tv, and then, you know, that's, that's the nightly routine. And we'll do the same thing where we will house some, some candy and throw it the, the wrappers on the side of the, you know, couch or whatever. And like, and you know, most times we pick it up the same night, but some days we just go right to bed and we'll worry about it the next day, you know what I mean? My basement, up until football season has been a no kid zone, because I didn't want them to ruin my wonderfully new finished basement and with their, you know, tornadoes of chaos. And so, so the. But the other day, I brought them downstairs to, like, play around for a little bit, and the entire, first of all, the candy was still out, and the entire place was littered in wrappers, and I had to do, like, this frantic cleanup so that they didn't see the candy and just want to eat it all. And so I'm like, hey, look over there. I run and just cleaning it all up, and it made me think, you know, like, when you're a kid, right, and you don't want to go to bed, right? And, you know, like, why don't you want to go to bed as a kid? Like, you always feel like you're missing out on something, right? Or, like, the adults are doing something fun without you. I remember feeling those things when I was a kid, right? Like, you had that fomo, like, I don't want to miss anything thing. Or. And. And I remember my parents, like, telling me, oh, well, what the heck do you think we are doing? Like, we're not doing anything. We're going to bed, blah, blah, blah. And I was thinking about this recently, and I'm like, man, we do every night exactly what my kid's biggest fear must be happens when he goes to bed. Like, he goes to bed thinking, oh, I don't want to go to bed yet. Mom and dad are going to have a party without me. And we're like, no, we're not. Meanwhile, we're downstairs eating ice cream and cake and watching tv and doing all the fun stuff that he wishes he could be doing. And we're just having parties every night in that way. And I just think it's so funny.
Speaker B: It is very funny. My kids will, like, my oldest will do the same thing. She'll wake up sometimes the middle of the night, 1130 midnight, and we're just very high sugar, comatose. We're watching the office or watching Sunny. We're laughing, and she comes up, and then we just start roasting her. Like, it's. And she has no. She's just like, what you guys are. You guys are. How come you guys aren't arguing? Like, you guys seem to love each other in the middle of the night? Like, it's. It's very. It's very different than what she's used to. It's just these two happy parents that are just, you know, having a great time, eating candy and watching comedies on Netflix.
Speaker A: That's exactly what life is like when they're not around. And it's a, you know, it's a shame for them, really, because we haven't. We're having a great old time, but, yeah, that's. That's. That's life as an adult, huh?
Speaker B: It sure is.
Speaker A: I mean, I don't know. Sounds like we live a pretty similar life here, though.
Speaker B: I was not very different at all. Man. What are you watching? What do you. What's the, uh, what are you watching this week? What's the choice?
Speaker A: So we have, like, we have a bunch of crappy reality shows that are in current season that we're watching. So, like, survivors in full swing, big brothers winding down. So we watch those, and those are. Those are between the two of them. They take up many of the nights because big brother's on, like, three times a week, which is crazy.
Speaker B: Is it really?
Speaker A: Yeah, at least twice now. It used to be three times. I don't know. But then survivors on once a week. So you got covered most of the time there. And then the other one we've been mixing in. In between is love is blind on Netflix. Have you watched that?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: Oh, boy. You would. I don't know how you would feel.
Speaker B: Are they blind people?
Speaker A: No, it's that they. That they date each other. The whole premise is that, like, you know, a bunch of guys, a bunch of girls, and they are all, you know, trying to find a husband or wife, and they meet each other in these pods, and they're kind of, like, behind a wall, and they just talk to each other for, you know, rounds and rounds and rounds until some of them decide to propose and some of them don't. And so they kind of get married or. Sorry.
Speaker B: They.
Speaker A: They propose to each other without ever seeing each other, and then the fun starts of, like, the reveal and how they live together and all of that kind of stuff. So that's. Love is blind.
Speaker B: Sounds great.
Speaker A: It's not the worst one I've ever watched.
Speaker B: No, I know. Yeah, I don't watch. I don't watch. I think the only reality show I watch is alone, which is more of like a. I think, more extreme, like, survivor style, where they. There's no, like, you know, nobody interacts with each other. Everybody's, you know, hundred, you know, probably five to 10 miles away from each other at any given point. That one's pretty good. But, no, we're watching. I think we're watching. We're going between BoJack Horseman, which I recommend, I think, for you.
Speaker A: I've actually never watched that.
Speaker B: I just started watching it, and some people that I respect have told me to watch it, and they were correct. It's very good. It's Aaron Paul from Breaking Bad and job from arrested development are the two main characters.
Speaker A: Love a good job.
Speaker B: He's bojack. It's very good. But, yeah. Then we start watching the new.
Speaker A: Fall.
Speaker B: Of the house of Usher on Netflix. Very good. It's kind of like a spooky version of succession.
Speaker A: Interesting. Well, I mean, yeah, usher is doing the Super bowl halftime show.
Speaker B: Is hedgesthem, like.
Speaker A: Sure. Yeah. Herscher got the beat that makes the booty go smack.
Speaker B: He sure does, doesn't he? Yeah. So I don't know. I don't really want to talk about. We're talking about some stuff here. Conspiracies are doing well.
Speaker A: Yeah, that last episode, go, go parabolic or what?
Speaker B: Not parabolic, you know, but it's, we're trending in the right direction. Um, I did, I did find I was watching. I think it was like a tick tock.
Speaker A: By the way, I'm just. Hold on, I have to interrupt you.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: I just want to say how excited I am that Riggs is here.
Speaker B: I noticed them too.
Speaker A: Yeah. I just wanted to say, really feels.
Speaker B: Guilty for being a piece of shit the other day.
Speaker A: So funny.
Speaker B: Appreciate it, Rick. You can be a piece of shit anytime if you want to help bump our numbers.
Speaker A: Yeah. Oh, well, I mean, we needed the bump. We had nine people listening, so.
Speaker B: I mean, come up on the stage, see what happens. But that was. Maybe we'll get even more listeners. I was watching the TikTok the other day. There was a new. Who put it out. It was like a science thing. It was very, very scientific. Men's journal put out a list of the scariest horror movies. But what they did is they developed, like, a formula based on BPM, like heartbeat per minute. And there was another factor as well. Hang on 1 second, I'll tell you. It was BPM and HRV, which is heart rate variance.
Speaker A: What are we even talking about here? Science.
Speaker B: Scary movies. Oh, okay. And using science to determine which one is the scariest.
Speaker A: Oh, I like this idea.
Speaker B: Yeah. So they took about 250 participants with heart monitors, recorded their reactions, and watched hundreds of hours of spooky movies. The score was determined based on heart rate as well as heart rate variance. And it gave us, it gave spit out a scare score out of a possible hundred. Now, I know you're not the biggest scary movie guy, but I wanted to see how many of these you've actually seen.
Speaker A: Oh, how many I've seen. Yeah, yeah. I'm not an. I'm not anti scary movie.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Just not a. We're just not frequent movie watchers. I saw this meme the other day that actually, I think, summed up pretty concisely how. I don't know why, if it's the answer to why, but it's definitely a, like, comedic reflection of my behavior. Right. Which is like, it was like, nah, it was like the Drake meme, I think, where he, you know, the first thing he's pushing away, and then the second thing he's all about, it was like, yeah, let's watch a movie. And it was pushing it away and said something like, you know, movies are too long, but the next one said, let's watch 10 hours of, like, let's watch 10 hours of a series all at once. Right? Like, that's absolutely how it goes in my. In my house, right? And so, like, the act of watching a movie seems like such a time investment, right? You gotta sit there for 2 hours, two and a half hours, whatever. And, you know, like, I feel like at least I have to watch it all in one shot, you know?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I wish maybe they'll do this. Like, maybe, like, Netflix or, like, Amazon prime will do this, but, like, when you're watching a movie on one of those streaming platforms, if they like. Like, maybe after, like, the 45 minutes, mark, at some point after that, they tell you, like, this is a great spot to pause the movie. You know what I mean? Like, there's some sort of, like, AI that generates some sort of, you know, like, almost like a chapter, like, mark, where it's just like, hey, you can pause it here. This is a great spot to pause it. You know, you've been watching for, you know, 45 minutes. Uh, this is a great spot to pause, and you can. And, you know, jump back and watch it at a later time. Like, maybe like, little. Little notifications of those types of things. I think that would be ideal, especially for super long movies, like you said, like, you know, some of them, like, at, like, three fucking hours.
Speaker A: Yeah, I can't do it. And those are typically, like, the movies you want to watch the most, right? Like, you know, I wanted to see the. Gosh, what was the. The one about the irish mob, like, really bad, and then turns out it's like three and a half hours, and I never watched it because of that.
Speaker B: You know, not the. Is that the irishman?
Speaker A: Yeah, that's the one.
Speaker B: Yeah. I haven't watched that one either, for the same reason I'm like, I'm not watching a three hour plus movie. Not happening.
Speaker A: No. Okay.
Speaker B: All right. So I got. I got 20 movies here. Okay. We can just kind of.
Speaker A: Before you do that, let me just point out this wonderful poll that producer Payne has added to the top. And Payne wants to know, what is your favorite scary movie? And he threw out four different options there. The conjuring, the ring, the Exorcist or other, where you can list below what's yours. Out of those.
Speaker B: Out of those. Exorcist is my favorite movie. Out of those three.
Speaker A: I'm going with the ring.
Speaker B: The ring. Solid. I'd be my number two. The conjuring, I think, is a little overrated. A lot of people like it, but it's fine. It's fine. I do like the ring a lot, though. I just rewatched it with. With Fiona a couple of weeks ago, and it's fucking scary. That's. She was contemplating going as that for Halloween. It's funny enough. Number 20 on this list with a scare score of 69. Nice. Is the ring. It's the base.
Speaker A: Yeah, I've seen the ring. There you go.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think you're gonna. I think you're gonna have. You see? So have you seen the conjuring?
Speaker A: Yeah, I have.
Speaker B: And you've seen the Exorcist?
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: So. And then there's obviously other. Do you have a favorite scary movie in general?
Speaker A: You know, it might have even. It might have been the ring. Like the ring.
Speaker B: Solid.
Speaker A: Yeah, it might be the ring. I don't watch a ton of them anymore, though. Like, that's the problem. So this is a dated opinion, I guess, of what my past me would have said, but definitely a rang out of those.
Speaker B: Okay, so the ring is number 20 with a scare score of 69. Number 19 is insidious. Part two. It had a scare score of 70. Have you seen any of the insidious one?
Speaker A: Is this the one with the Ethan Hawk? Insidious?
Speaker B: No, Ethan Hawk is. What's it called? I'll tell you right now.
Speaker C: Hang on.
Speaker B: I think I know the one you're talking about. Ethan Hawke is sinister.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's the one I was thinking of.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. Sinister is Ethan Hawke. So insidious is like the red Demon. Yeah, it's the one with, like, the red demon scare in the first one. You know what I mean? Where they're like, they're focused in on the main guy and then like, there's a kind of like a blur behind them. And they focus behind them. And it's this fucking redheaded demon that looks super scary. That was a good scene. So this is part two of that. And if you are, if you've never watched insidious, I recommend watching one and two. Or almost like part one and two. Not so much a sequel where most sequels are kind of shitty. I think you should watch one and two as kind of like one movie. I think they're pretty good, but after that, don't watch any more insidious. They're pretty terrible afterwards. Number 18, the. I'd be surprised if you've seen this one. I've seen this one once. Is the autopsy of Jane Doe. Does that ring a bell for you?
Speaker A: No, definitely.
Speaker B: It has Brian Cox in it. Fantastic movie. If you like. If you're a Brian Cox fan, who's the.
Speaker A: I know who Brian Cox is.
Speaker B: Yeah, you do? He's the police chief in super troopers. That's how I remember him. But most people remember him as the patriarch of the. What's his first name? I forget his first name. Mister Roy. I forget his first name, but from succession, that's where he's, I think, most famous, but he's in that fantastic movie. Number 17 is a quiet place. Part two. Have you seen either part one or part two of a quiet place?
Speaker A: Uh, yes, I've seen it. Quite the first one.
Speaker B: Yeah, I have. I have two. I thought it was fun.
Speaker A: That's the one with Jim.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's fine. I thought it was okay. Wasn't. Wasn't terribly impressed with it. Number 16 is the Babadook. You're familiar with this one? This is an australian.
Speaker A: This is a good one. This actually would be. This is a, you know, reminder of that. I have seen this one. There. Wasn't there a second one?
Speaker B: I don't know if there was a second one.
Speaker A: I think there was. Maybe not, though. But this one was great. I thought this one was pretty scary, actually.
Speaker B: I hated the kid and, like, I only watch this. I tried to watch it a second time, and then the kid just. He's so good at acting. Makes me not want to watch the movie, but very. Yeah, very good. Very spooky. Very spooky. Monster. I like the idea of, like, a book that they start reading and then the monster comes to life. Big fan of that. Number 15 is. This is one of my favorites. Paranormal activity. Have you seen this one?
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. The original. Absolutely. There's like. Aren't there, like, ten of them now?
Speaker B: There are literally a million of them now.
Speaker A: And now it's just like paranormal activity eleven is just like a live feed of somebody's ring doorbell.
Speaker B: That being said, I've watched them all. They're fantastic and they all connect.
Speaker A: They're not all great, they all connect.
Speaker B: Yeah. Oh, my God, it's so good. They're terrible. Like, for the record, they're all terrible, but, you know, terribly good for me. But the first one is the one to watch. Very, very cool. They set up cameras in their house and I think this is. I think this actually beat out Blair witch. Like, Blair Witch had like the record for like the cheapest, you know, the. The least expensive movie to make that made so much money. And I believe paranormal, paranormal. Paranormal activity dethroned it. I think it cost like ten grand to make and I made like $500 million. Like, it was crazy. This is one I haven't watched. Number 14 is the dark and the wicked. I think this one's a newer movie. Some. I think somebody had mentioned it to me. I haven't watched yet. I. This is like a witch movie. Witch movies are usually really good and spooky. Have you seen this one?
Speaker A: Wait, what was the name of it? I.
Speaker B: Even the dark and the wicked.
Speaker A: Oh, no, not something I've even ever heard of.
Speaker B: No. I think it just came out in the last year or two. Number 13 is. It follows. This is a good one also. No, this one's really good. This one's like a good, I would say is like. Like just a good movie. You know what I mean? Like, well shot. Very visually very well done. Good score. It's basically, the gist of it is it's a. It's a. It's hard to say. It's like a monster that can take any form, usually any form of a person. So it could be your grandpa, it could be your teacher, but it continuously tries to kill you. And the only way to stop him from killing you is having sex with somebody. And then the curse goes to that person. So you're continuously always trying to spread. It's almost like an STD.
Speaker A: It's very ring. It's like the ring if the ring were an orgy.
Speaker B: Correct.
Speaker A: Got it.
Speaker B: Yeah. Very good. Yeah. Good movie, though. Very, very, very good movie.
Speaker A: Ring part five.
Speaker B: Pardon me?
Speaker A: The orgy ring. That's what we're calling it.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker A: Number twelve is circle jerk twelve, a quest for Halloween.
Speaker B: Son of a bitch. Number twelve is the conjuring, again, good movie based, you know, quote unquote based on true events. Not, not the best. But people do love it. There's some good scares in it, that's for sure. I can, I can attest to that. You've said you've seen the conjuring, correct?
Speaker A: Yes. Great one.
Speaker B: Have you seen that? This next one is one of my, like, top three favorite scary movies all time. This is number eleven. If you've seen this one, you know what I'm talking about.
Speaker A: Ernest does Halloween.
Speaker B: Ernest scared stupid. No, this one's called the Descent. Have you seen this one?
Speaker A: No, I haven't.
Speaker B: Phenomenal movie. So this is the gist of this one.
Speaker A: Now we need to be giving the beats per minute scores on these. Now we're getting into the top ten. We need to see how, how much.
Speaker B: So we've, we've gone from 69 to 74. So a lot of these are kind of tied for their ranking. As we get into the top ten, those numbers are going to jump. Yeah. The descent, though, it's four women cave divers that remember this.
Speaker A: This is like, they go out into like, the reefs and stuff and then something bad happens. Is that this one?
Speaker B: No, this is, I think it takes place in, like, Appalachia and they go cave diving. They get stuck in some of these caves and there's a little bit of a twist that I don't want to ruin, but I'll ruin it by saying there's a little twist in the middle of the movie, but highly recommend the descent. Very good. Number ten is.
Speaker A: Let me ask you something here about these types of movies. There's a sentiment in my household that these types of movies, and also including things like something like a Lord of the Rings or a Game of Thrones, we're bought into them until they kind of cross the line of not real. Do you know what I mean? Like fantasy, where. So, like, we are more scared at a movie that is really grounded in something possible, not, not where, like, cryptids are going to take over halfway through the movie and that's possible, then it becomes really unrealistic. You know what I'm saying? Do you feel that way? Same way about movies or tv shows or are you, do you like to suspend your disbelief a little more?
Speaker B: So, like, I'm trying to think of examples. So, like, a movie like saw, which is like a guy, you get kidnapped and a guy puts you through like a, you know, a torture maze that you have to get out of. That basically that would count?
Speaker A: Yeah, I would say that would count. Like, that's.
Speaker B: Even though the real, you know, realistically, that would probably never, ever happen, right?
Speaker A: But it's not like, oh, all of a sudden, the dude turns into a monster, and everybody's scared. You know what I mean? Like, you know what I mean? Like, it's not like, I don't know, like, the dude's not a dragon the whole time, or, you know, like, that's what I'm talking. Like, that is, you know, psychological thriller almost more so than, you know, a monster.
Speaker B: Yeah, like, more. More reality based.
Speaker A: Correct.
Speaker B: I got that. I would say for me, it's definitely, like, reality changing. So it's just like, so kind of. Kind of what you're saying is it's like, I thought my reality was this, oh, shit, there's monsters now. New reality. You know what I mean? I think I like that more. Like aliens. Like I mentioned before, like, aliens. Anything like alien abduction is very scary to me where it's just like, you know, my day to day reality is, oh, I won't get abducted by an alien, but all of a sudden, middle of the night, got a couple of little gray guys trying to put stuff in my butt. New reality.
Speaker A: That's just a Thursday, man.
Speaker B: Gary and the. Gary and the boys are coming over. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: That's poker night.
Speaker B: Gary the Gray, this one. So number ten with a scare score of 75 just came out this year. I haven't seen it yet. Looks fantastic. From the A 24 studios. If you're not familiar with a 24 studios, they are putting out some of the best movies in the last, like, five to ten years. This one's called talk to me. I don't even know what it's about. It looks great, though. Everybody. Everybody that have reported on it says it's fantastic. So I can't wait to see. Have you seen that one bunch? Did you go to the movies this summer and watch talk to me and not tell me?
Speaker A: No. What did I see in them? I went to the movies, to the Ben Mesrich premiere back about a month ago. That was the first time I had been to the movies since pre Covid.
Speaker B: Really?
Speaker A: I think beginning of March 2020. Yeah.
Speaker B: Do you remember what the movie was yourself?
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, I do. And you're gonna make fun of me. Wait, it is. It was the impractical jokers movie.
Speaker B: I didn't even know there was a movie. Ah, that is. I mean, was it good?
Speaker A: I mean, I thought so, but, I.
Speaker B: Mean, that's all that matters, you know?
Speaker A: It was. It was fine. Like, the show is better.
Speaker B: Yeah, the show is better.
Speaker A: Yeah, they, like. They tried to put a storyline on their show, and it's just, like, not how the show works. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Also, it was like, like a. It was. It like the storyline.
Speaker A: It was like a version of their show. Like, there was this skits and everything, but the whole premise was that they were trying to make it down to Florida for, I think, to, like, leave for their stupid cruise or some shit. I have no idea. I don't remember. It was 2020.
Speaker B: That's fine. I tried. So I tried to watch. I don't know if I was just getting older or what, but I tried to watch the most recent jackass movie and had to turn it off because I couldn't handle it anymore. Were you a big jackass guy?
Speaker A: Well, I was gonna say it's kind of like the jackass movies where there's, like, some little vague storyline that kind of goes alongside of it. That's kind of what it felt like, was a big jackass guy. Like, in 8th grade. 7th and 8th grade, no longer a. I mean, that was really short lived, I think, for me, however, I have definitely, like, pushed a buddy down the hill in a shopping cart or jumped off a roof I wasn't supposed to. Onto a trampoline or some stupid stuff like that.
Speaker B: So have you tried. Have you tried to watch the newest one at all?
Speaker A: No, I would not.
Speaker B: So they're older, too, so you feel, like, worse for them?
Speaker A: Yeah, right?
Speaker B: Like, I'm like, oh, shit, man. This is the only thing these guys have. Like, this is their way of making money, and I'm like, they're like, 50 plus, you know, it's. And the. The pranks are, like, even, like, next level. I cannot watch this. It's. It's hard to watch. Yeah.
Speaker A: Now, like, when Bam Margera goes to beat the crap out of his dad on the toilet, the guy's, like, 90, and it's just not as funny to beat up an old man on the toilet.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, no, that was. I mean, I was. I'm with you. That. That. It was short lived for me too, but, man, jackass in. Whenever that, you know, whenever that first movie came out was something special. But, yes, I miss Bam's dad getting harassed on the toilet. Number nine is with a scare score of 75. Hell house, LLC.
Speaker A: Oh, what a fantastic business. Hell house, LLC is, um, phenomenal movie. I've never seen that one either. This is. I gotta see this one.
Speaker B: This one's really good. This one's, like, true Halloween. So it's one of these, like, super realistic, like, haunts. I think they're called where, you know, people. It's like a. It's like a haunted house, like a walk, you know, for like a ride. You know what I mean? I don't know if. I'm sure you guys have that in your neck of the woods around Halloween where you kind of walk through somewhere and there's people trying to scare you and stab you and stuff. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yeah. Have you been to one of these that's, like, super realistic?
Speaker B: I have. They are terrible. So this is this movie, Hell House, LLC, is a found footage of one that has gone awry. It's very good.
Speaker A: Oh, so this is. But it's not real, right?
Speaker B: It's not real. No, no, no.
Speaker A: I mean, it's some of these, like, really like, ones that exist in real life that are.
Speaker B: Okay, listen to me right now. Listen to me right now.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I want you to go to the show notes, okay? And I want you to read the random talking points. And there's going to be one talking point that sticks out in more than the others.
Speaker A: Well, yeah, I've got it. It says, mama says wash your ass.
Speaker B: Mama says wash your ass.
Speaker A: Is that the right one? I was just.
Speaker B: That is 100%.
Speaker A: I was like, there's no way that this could be the one.
Speaker B: This is 100% the right one. This. Was this the sentence or this phrase was said to me only a few days ago. I was out for work. I was in one of my shops, and I was talking to some people, and I overheard a conversation going on with one of the patrons of the store, with one of the people that worked there. And the guy had mentioned kind of like horror anthology or something like that, which piqued my interest. Right. And I'm a, you know, I'm a personable guy. I like to talk, and people are talking about stuff. I like to talk about at a weed store. I mean, it's a great place to have a conversation. So, you know, I kind of poke in, and he starts telling me this. So this guy creates these haunts, these high level, you know, attractions during this time of year. And so he started talking about it, and I'm like, oh, this sounds great. I'm like, is this something I could take, you know, my. My daughter to? And he's like, oh, these are 18 plus. There's kind of, like, we do a lot of full frontal stuff. And I'm like, oh, okay. And so he starts telling us more and more about it, and he says, he's like, we added this. He's like, well, normally you can either go in as an individual. So by yourself, you go through the whole thing by yourself or in a group of four random people. Those are the only two options. So you can either go by yourself or go with three other strangers. So he starts talking, and he's like, we added this thing this year where this. Where Mama tells you to wash your ass. And I'm like, what? And apparently. So this is super submersive. Is it? Submersive? Is that the right word? Where you're a part of the show? Yeah, immersive. Thank you very much. Immersive, where you're a part of. You're a part of the whole thing. So apparently they added this one portion where you're in a, like, an old, dilapidated kitchen sitting down on a chair, and this lady comes out and gives you a rag. And so there could be four. You know, there's four of you in this room. And she's like, okay, you know, no, no, I want you all to wash your asses. And like, he's like, yeah, so some people, like, pretend to like. And he said it way creepier than I'm saying right now. But so basically people will pretend to, like, you know, scrub a dub down below. And she's like, I didn't say wash your pants. I said wash your asses. And so apparently people are literally taking down their pants and cleaning themselves up back there. And he's like, well, you got to check out. I said, oh, you guys, like, on Instagram? He's like, no, we get kicked off Instagram a lot. I'm like, what is happening? He's like, just go to the website. So this guy leaves, and then the group of us remaining are now on the website. And it is. So I thought when he said full frontal, I thought he meant, like, the people. Like, the actors were full frontal. It's not the case. You get straight up ard and tortured in this place. Light r in this place. So, like, it's burlap sacks of full nudity. They strip you down. They, like, scratching pentagrams on your chest. It is absolutely bonkers. So I don't know who's going to these. I mean, you have to imagine the people that are visiting these places, you know, they're just not right. There is something in their core that is broken because I didn't. I didn't know it was to that level, but this was. This was a. Almost a snuff film at this point.
Speaker A: So this is similar to, like, the thing that I'm talking about, the play. I looked it up while you were talking. And I think the place that I'm referring to is I found, which is called McKamey Mansion. McKamey Manor. Have you heard of this?
Speaker B: I've never heard of it, no.
Speaker A: So this. I'm on the Wikipedia page. McKamey Manor is an american haunted house attraction in which survival horror style events are enacted. It's considered a pioneer of extreme haunted attractions. Founded in San Diego by Russ McKamey, it was originally located on his property until it was moved to Tennessee in 2017. It operates year round, offering visitors tours that can last up to 8 hours. To participate, guests must sign a liability waiver that includes the inability to leave the experiment experience without the staff's permission, and being subjected to various forms of physical and psychological torture, including having bones broken, teeth removed without anesthesia.
Speaker B: No way.
Speaker A: Drugged. McKamey Manor has attracted significant controversy and criticism and media scrutiny. So this is. This is definitely the one I was talking about. Um, I've seen, like, I went down a rabbit hole on this one time a couple years ago because it's just, like, fascinating to me. Apparently, this place also, for a time, offered you, like, 20 grand if you could get through it without tapping out. And, you know, they did not like it. No one ever. No one ever did it. Right. So, yeah, I'm surprised you've never heard of this. This feels like it would be something you would dive down a rabbit hole on.
Speaker B: I have zero interest in this. That sounds. I like the fun ones where they scare you. You know what I mean? Like, it's. Oh, it's a pitch dark room, and you got to follow, like, a dot, like, through, and, oh, it all makes you crawl down on your knees and you gotta. You know what I mean? Like, it's scary, but it's. It's all in good fun. You know what I'm saying? This is. This is very.
Speaker A: Do you want to hear more about this?
Speaker B: I so do. Like, it's so crazy to me.
Speaker A: So here's another, like, quick overview. The house permits just a handful of patrons each weekend. There's no conventional entrance fee. Instead, it accepts dog. Oh, this is the right one. So instead, McKamey accepts dog food for his pet dogs. So that's how you get in, is you bring him dog food. And, like, the more I went into this, like, the more this guy just seems like he's just getting away with some, like, fucked up perversion of torturing people. And somehow it's legal because he makes people sign a waiver. The guest must be at least 21 years of age, 18 to 20 with parental consent, apparently. I guess maybe there's more than one location. The Alabama location allows only guests 21 and older. The tour lasts from eight to 10 hours, but this was it. No guest has made it all the way through. McKamey originally did not allow safe words for the tour, but has since reportedly allowed them, so guests have the option of ending the tour immediately. The house operates year round, reportedly a waiting list of over 24,000 people. The newest iteration of the tour, a ten hour experience called Desolation, offers a prize of 20,000 for successful completion. McKamey deducts 500 from the prize for every failed challenge or use of profanity. Oh, my God. During the tour, employees of the manor may physically assault patrons, waterboard them, force them to eat and drink unknown substances, have them bound, gagged, engaged in other forms of physical or psychological torture. Participants must also be. May also be drugged during their experience. Journalist Tara west has reported that in communities where the tours stage, residents question how it remains legal, even with waivers. A volunteer guide testified that the 40 page waiver signed by participants listed such possible risks as having teeth extracted, being tattooed, and having fingernails removed.
Speaker B: Jesus Christ. I guess, I mean, if you sign a waiver, you're an adult. Like, I understand why it's still legal. You know what I mean? Like, you're consenting, and if you're consenting, I think you can kind of do whatever you want, right? I guess so.
Speaker A: I guess that's how this is legal, right? Volunteering for it. And as long as you're not killed, I think you qualify. But, like, it's wild. I would actually. When you. Later on today, go search this place on YouTube and watch some of the, like, patron videos of this, where it's like they. People talk about their experience. Experience. It's wild.
Speaker B: And do any of them look like stand up citizens? Like, who's going to.
Speaker A: Like, it's actually. It's actually a lot of dudes like you or women like you who would, like, I think, think they could do it. You know what I mean? Like, they think they can play pro basketball and score ten points in an NBA game.
Speaker B: Very realistic.
Speaker A: Like those. Those types of folks, you know what I mean? Hey, I could. I could outlast anything. Like, nothing's gonna scare me or, you know, put themselves to the test or, like, some of the people I saw were like, military folks who were like, there's no way this is worse than what I've done in training and stuff and all of that kind of things. Like, there was a lot. So, I mean, you. I need to know your reaction, like, seeing how intense this actually looks. Apparently, there's, like, a Netflix thing on it.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think I saw something. It's like. Because there's two. There's a documentary, and I think there's, like, a movie where it's, like, a. Like, where it's, you know, it's fiction and shit goes wrong. You know what I mean? So there's one called the house that October built or something like that. And I'm not sure if that's the documentary, if that's the movie, but I know that's one of them. But I don't even want to watch a documentary. Like. Like, even just looking at the website the other day, I was just like, oh. Like, I felt gross just looking at it. Like, I. Like, I'm a clean scare guy. Like, I like to be scared. You know? I. Yeah.
Speaker A: Like, this isn't scared. This is tortured.
Speaker B: This is depravity. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't want that. Yeah, I'm not into torture. I remember. I remember when I was in high school, there was a Nicolas Cage movie that came out called eight millimeter, I think. And it was basically about the snuff movie industry, and he was a detective trying to break the case. And I remember just walking out of that movie. I'm a changed person. Even that was too much. So. Yeah, no, this stuff is not. Not for me.
Speaker A: Yeah. Well, there you go. Let's roll through the top five of these.
Speaker B: All right, so we got.
Speaker A: So I'm. I appreciate you bringing this list to the table today because it's. It's taken up the whole show now. And this was a good conversation about scary stuff. I like, I can't wait to see if anybody goes and looks up this place, how actually fucked up it is. But anyway, yeah, I'd like to know.
Speaker B: If anybody would actually do it. You know what I mean? Like, that's so I can really block them on social media.
Speaker A: Yeah. I could not do it. No way.
Speaker B: Like, not even close. Like, I would rather try to score 30 points in an NBA game.
Speaker A: You know what I mean?
Speaker B: So number six with a scare score, 81, is, again, one of my top. One of my absolute faves is hereditary. This is a newer movie. This is from 2018. Have you seen this one?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: Very good movie. Very good movie. This is Ari Aster, who's the director. It's kind of like a witch style movie. It's very good. Highly recommend. Number five, big jump here. So we go from a scare score, 81 to a scare score of 88 for number five. And that's the conjuring. Sorry, my daughter just called me. So you're going to see a lot of familiars here. You're going to see the conjuring. You're going to see at number five with an 88 score. Then we have number four is insidious with a 90 scare score. Sorry.
Speaker A: God damn it.
Speaker B: She just keeps calling me. 1 second. 1 second. I gotta text her just to make sure she's okay.
Speaker A: She's like, dad, not go to McKamey manor.
Speaker B: It's like, dad, I'm at McKamey Manor. She's at her friend's house right now.
Speaker A: Come pick me up.
Speaker B: I couldn't do it.
Speaker A: The deck at Haunted house collapsed.
Speaker B: Should have went to Club aqua. So number three with a scare score of 91 is a newer movie just came out last year called Skinnerink. And it. I'm very intrigued by it. A lot of people say it's very scary, but it's very polarizing. Some people will say it's stupid, and some people say it's the best, you know, scary movie they've ever seen in their life. Skinner Marink. And then number two, you.
Speaker A: Have you seen this one?
Speaker B: No. It looks good, though.
Speaker A: Well, so I'm interested in it mostly because. Are you familiar with the children's song? I'm assuming it has something to do with this.
Speaker B: Yeah, like polka dot door.
Speaker A: I think it was no skinny Marinka Dinkadink or.
Speaker B: Pardon me. That was Sharon Lawson Bram.
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker A: So does it have anything to do with that? Because that is a staple in my family.
Speaker B: I don't know. Well, Sharon, Lois and Bram. I feel like they're canadian, too, right? Yeah, they're. Yeah, that's a canadian trio.
Speaker A: Maybe it's just a Sharon, Lois and Bram snuff film.
Speaker B: If it is. If it has anything to do. If it's a Sharon, Lois and Bram snuff film, I'm 100% watching it. So I have no idea what it's about. It looks. It just. It's shot very creepily and it's. Yeah, I don't know. I don't even know what it's about. I don't even know what it's about. But it's got. It's the number three movie on this list. Number two with a scare score of 95. And this I just looked up, it has a runtime of just under an hour. It's 57 minutes.
Speaker A: Whoa.
Speaker B: A perfect movie for a Halloween night. It's called host. Came out in 2020. It's a pandemic themed Zoom call where I think they're doing like, Ouija stuff.
Speaker A: Like, interesting.
Speaker B: Yeah, very. Yeah. So it's like a Zoom call.
Speaker A: I can do an hour.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. They have 57 minutes. Run time. Crazy.
Speaker A: I'm into it.
Speaker B: I think it's on Amazon prime. So I haven't seen this yet myself. Scare school. It's number two all time. So, I mean, I gotta watch it. Number one, though, with a scare score of 96. We talked about it earlier. Mister Ethan Hawke delivers in sinister, the scariest movie according to science.
Speaker A: Wow. Interesting. All right. That I've seen. And I agree. It is scary. So there you go. So, okay, now we've heard the whole list. And right before we wrap up here, I do have, like, the question that I asked earlier about, like, real versus fantasy and things like that versus kind of like the monster area of scary. So here's an example, right. Is like a movie that you and I have both seen that I would say is one of the. I would say it's scary in the sense that it's one of the most effed up things I've ever watched. Something like mid summer. Right. Like that.
Speaker B: Not on the list.
Speaker A: That's what I'm talking about, though. Would you qualify it as a scary movie?
Speaker B: Absolutely. It's one of my favorite scary movies. Not on the list.
Speaker A: Like, that's what I'm talking about in terms of, like, scary movies that I like are more in that type of realm than, like, fake ghosts and things. Like haunted houses. Right. Like something that could be a real situation you find yourself in potentially. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Well, another one that's not even on the list is the exorcist. Not even in the. Or not in the top 20, I should say, which I thought was surprising. But yeah. Midsummer, one of my absolute favorite scary movies. And it is a scary, like, it's a kind of a weird one where it's. It's not your stereotypical scary movie, but I still think very scary. Yeah. So that's. That's it.
Speaker A: Interesting. I didn't see stoop come up. Let's. Let's get stoop in right before we shut down. No trivia today. It's a Friday.
Speaker D: Oh, thank God. I was not prepared. I literally just walked out of work. I've been listening to this list. I really was hoping it was going to be a good movie. And the fact that science proves that it was sinister of like, I feel, like, insidious or the original conjuring was more scary than sinister. And so, like, I'm wondering, is this, like, faux sign? Like, did they just make these things up and just use HRV and bpms just to make us think that they actually know what they're talking about? But, like, if you go and watch sin, it's like, it's not really a scary movie. Like, sure, it's a little traumatizing, I guess, but, like, it was a tear. I don't know.
Speaker B: I'm.
Speaker D: I'm disappointed in this list chamber.
Speaker B: Hey, I didn't make the list. Okay. For the record, have you seen Skinny Marink?
Speaker D: Not yet. I will watch that. I will watch that one. But was that movie, that mirror movie Oculus, I think that I felt like was another good one that left you, like, on the edge of your seat. I didn't hear that in the list at all.
Speaker B: I agree. Well, this is, again, this is just based on how people's hearts are reacting during the film. So Mike Flanagan, one of my favorite guys, he's the one that directed Oculus. So I'm with you on that one. Fantastic film. But, yeah, like, Texas Chainsaw Massacre, not in the top 20. Exorcist, not in the top 20. I would put those two movies in a top five. All time scary movies. So, I mean, it's not. It's not. It's science, but it's not an exact science. I think we can. We can take that away.
Speaker D: Wait, are you talking, like the 1976 Exorcist?
Speaker B: 100%. I mean, within Jaws. What other exorcist?
Speaker D: Like, I feel like Jaws was more traumatizing and scary and, like, made an entire generation question their movie decisions better than exorcist.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker B: I mean, people were throwing up at the theaters during the Exorcist. I mean, the Exorcist is definitely scarier than Jaws. I think Jaws could be more traumatic because I think a lot of parents let younger kids watch Jaws. Obviously, they probably wouldn't let them watch the Exorcist. But I know a lot of us watch Jaws way too young and then tried to go swimming, and it fucked us up. It fucked us up big time.
Speaker A: There you go. Chamber. I mean, I wish we had more time for this discussion because I think it's a good one. This one would have had a good group come up, jump in Ficero, and then we'll shut down.
Speaker C: What I want to say, and I have thoroughly enjoyed this, but what I want to say is the fact that people need to watch more foreign movies because for me, probably the scariest movies. And I put this in a category of the fact that if I watch a scary movie, I can watch it on my own. It's not too bothering. But normally if you're with somebody, they'll want, they'll want you to go to the toilet if there's a break. And it's like, what the hell's going on? It's like, it's not that scary. It's like you watch a foreign movie, I'm talking about korean horror movies. And there's one especially that I thought I've watched a couple of times and it still gets me every time. It's called the two sisters. And it's a little bit, the two.
Speaker B: Sisters is phenomenal, by the way.
Speaker C: You watch that and I'm like, can somebody go to the toilet with me? I need to go and I need to go now, otherwise there's going to be a wet patch. But it is one of those where it really gets in your head and messes with you. It's like, I don't want to go to the toilet on my own, so please come with me. Do you want to go to the toilet? Because, you know, I'm going to give you some more drinks to make sure that you go with me. But no, foreign movies, especially korean horror movies, are by far the scariest. And I highly recommend the two sister to anybody who's not seen it.
Speaker B: I agree. Another one is the audition. If you ever say that one's like, from like 2001. Terrifying. Terrifying.
Speaker C: Yeah, I've not, I've not seen, and.
Speaker B: Then I've not seen that one.
Speaker C: But the, the other one, which is probably around the same period, was the phone, which somebody gets murdered. Who has a phone and who, whoever gets that number. So basically it's like somebody will just buy a new phone and they get that number, they get a phone call and it's a spirit that is going to come and rip the soul out of you. And it's one of those flickering sort of, it appears skittering down the hallway. It's one of those really gets you very good.
Speaker B: No, this is a good point. So yes, you should absolutely be watching korean horror films. I would argue the greatest horror is having to read during a movie. But that's just me. Bunch of you. Big subtitle guy.
Speaker A: That is good. Yeah, no, well, it's funny, I actually keep my subtitles on by default these days. I don't know why, but I just do. But I feel you that I don't want to read during my movie, however. All right, that's going to do it for us today. More chatter on scary movies on Monday. We would like. This is fun. One chamber. I like this. I liked this episode. Appreciate everybody coming out, all nine of you. We appreciate you. Have a wonderful weekend. Don't forget to catch the rest of our content over the weekend. We have Saturday morning cartoons tomorrow, Deegen bets Sunday morning and then back to our regularly scheduled weekday programming. Until next time, keep the mic hot.
