Speaker A: You changed my life today.
Speaker B: I changed your life today. Wow. Okay. I did. Hold on. Before we get there, let's. Shall we. Shall we address what's happening across the world of crypto right now.
Speaker A: I have no idea what's happening.
Speaker B: Oh, dude, everything is nuking. Everything is nuking.
Speaker A: Not the one chart that I have open.
Speaker B: Well, that's because. That's because in a sea of redem, the only true store of value is magic Internet cat. Of course, when I went and checked my wallet, and that was. That was green, I was like, what is happening? You know? Pain. The thing is, we just don't give up around here.
Speaker A: Holy smokes. Everything was nuking.
Speaker B: Like, all of everything was nuking, dude. So, okay, so apparently it is in response to the larger global political climate, which is there were some Israel Iran happenings this afternoon that spooked the market a bit, I think.
Speaker A: Well, I did know a couple of days ago, President Biden wrote a strongly worded letter to Iran.
Speaker B: Was it Joe Biden or geo Bowdoin?
Speaker A: It's tough to say. It's tough to say.
Speaker B: Who do you think? Which one of them do you think has better handwriting?
Speaker A: I would say bowdoin probably does. President Bowdoin?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: But, yeah, I guess there was some. Some israeli firing towards Iran. Iran is looking to retaliate. The president of the United States wrote a strongly worded letter a couple of days ago saying, hey, do what you got to do.
Speaker B: You know, wash. Make sure you wash your hands and don't kill each other over there.
Speaker A: No, it wasn't even that. It was just like, hey, do what you got to do, but, like, ease off of the american sites, you know what I mean?
Speaker B: And get off my lawn.
Speaker A: Yeah, Iran's like, bro, we can't be held responsible if there's a little friendly fire. So I know that was kind of the last I've heard. So I don't actually know what's happened today vis a vis Iran.
Speaker B: Israel, our friend ZG was telling me earlier, let's see if I can find it. I assume this was what happened today. Israel took out an iranian top guy in an embassy in a neutral country. Not cool. So I don't know if that was the thing that was today or not, but then Iran says they're going to strike back and all that wonderful stuff.
Speaker A: Okay. Geez, what a time to be alive. That being said, I started watching a new show last night on Amazon prime.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: That is possibly the future of France. Yeah. Of what we're about to experience. Fallout based on the video game.
Speaker B: Oh, I didn't know that was a thing.
Speaker A: Just dropped. It is. I just watched the first episode last night. I thought it was fantastic. I'm a big. I'm not a big video game person, but Fallout is, in my opinion, the best video game I've ever played.
Speaker B: Are you more of a. When you do play video games, if fallout is up your alley, are you. Do you find yourself more of a open world guy?
Speaker A: 100%, yeah. I love. I've been told, though, I haven't played it yet. I haven't played Red Dead Redemption.
Speaker B: God, you got it. That's a good one.
Speaker A: Apparently part two is the one I need to play.
Speaker B: Yeah. The most recent one, Red Dead Redemption two. Electric boogaloo is. Is where it's at.
Speaker A: I heard it's fantastic. So that's. I might take.
Speaker B: Are you all. What do you mean? This is. I'm just so surprised right now. You know, this podcast is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get. And then, you know, we are, as hosts, just a stinky onion of new information all the time. So it's. Are you. Are you saying that you didn't know these things about us or are you disgusted with us? What exactly is it? I'm just glad that you all can still surprise me, you know, after all these years, you know?
Speaker A: So today's show is going to be about AI music. And we wanted to make sure the audio quality was good enough to.
Speaker B: Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Speaker C: Don't put me on the spot, because for some reason, I'm still trying to figure this shit out.
Speaker A: Okay, well, we'll let. We'll let you.
Speaker B: It can't be any worse than what would happen if we tried to do it without it. So. Yeah. Okay. So we got. We got, you know, the world nuking around us, at least for a small amount of time. It seems to possibly already be recovering. We got a bitcoin dip down to 65 or. Sorry. Yes, 65 to 50 ish. Uh, we are now into. Back into the 67 range. Uh, 67 to 75. Um, and I don't know what. I don't have an eth chart up. I don't know where that dipped to.
Speaker C: 3100.
Speaker B: It dipped down to 3100. All right, so how are we recovering there already or a little bit? Quite.
Speaker A: We're above the.
Speaker C: We're.
Speaker A: We're above the resistance at about 31 50. Currently at 32 42.
Speaker B: So remember I told you last time I bought a big bag of pepe coins that we are actually going to be talking about next week. Not. Not today, which you thought was today, but it is. I did specifically say Tuesday. The. That was. That hit an all time high. It crossed a billion dollar market cap the other day. It hit an all time high of $7.58. On this, like, panic that just happened, it nuked down to $4.28. So, I mean, that is a 50% plus, almost, or no, that's almost a 50% retracement. I was lucky enough to sell a token earlier today before all this nuking happened. So I had some ETH sitting around. So I bought that dip pretty good. And that is already recovered back to $5.77. So it was a great dip buying opportunity. Assuming the global macro doesn't just keep burning us here, what are your thoughts?
Speaker A: I would mirror those sentiments. I think that was a good opportunity to buy with the caveat that, you know, full out nuclear war doesn't start this evening. I think that's what we want to watch out for.
Speaker B: Look, if it does, I don't know how that should affect my salon of shitcoining. That's like, that's the real question. It's like cash nuke. Like, who's sitting there in front of their computer and they're like, oh, you know, Israel, Iran. Better sell my 30 memes. Like, no, like, if you're sitting here trading shit coins like a Djdeh gen, it's probably far from your mind. You know, you would think so.
Speaker A: You would think so. But, like, Seoul, I could believe the sole price. Seoul hit like 134.
Speaker B: What's that now? Did it rebound?
Speaker A: Yeah. 153 currently.
Speaker B: Okay. I think this morning it was even in the then just a big, big red day all around. Except for your big chunky friend, magic Internet cat. I gotta tell you, uh, chamber. This thing is fucking taken years off my life. Years. I bet I've years off my life. I texted you the other day in anguish and agony, and I didn't know if we'd be able to. To rebound. And here we are off of the third trip under one hundred k, and we are rebounding again here. 180K market cap for the. The ever so fat new rebrand of the magic Internet cat. I think he's got a lot more personality to work with here. Um, we've got all new art coming. We're going to rig this bad boy up to AI so we could create memes forever. And there we go. So the. The cat is back. What do you think?
Speaker A: I love it. The cat stays on, right?
Speaker B: The cat. The cat stays on. The fat stays on. This particular. Yeah, me too. I like him. You know, the, this is a guy I could get tattooed on my face if it hits a billion, you know.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, absolutely. I can see that. I mean, I'm not going to do that myself, but I could see a.
Speaker B: World where that happens right on. Just like a tiny little teardrop. But if you, like, zoom into it, it's that guy, you know, just a chunky little cat. What do you think?
Speaker A: I love it.
Speaker B: All right, we're going to go first, circles, because. And then we'll go back to Joey because I'm sure Joey's going to update us on the audio situation. Circles.
Speaker D: Gmdeh GMgM I'm here for the funky chat now, Chamber. You were in Myav, and I believe that's formed with the mic. So is Chambers now involved with mic? Is it just you, bunker?
Speaker B: Chamber, would you care to comment?
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm involved with the chonky cat. There's so many. The nice thing is, is there's so many participants behind the scenes that I can really hone in on what I do. So I'm in the midst of working with the make it all back video creator, so we're working on that. I created a magical or magic Internet cat TikTok account that we have set up, and that's been growing. We have almost 200 followers there.
Speaker B: Wow. We do already?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I bet you, like, the regular community team doesn't even know that. Go. Go show that bitch off. What are you doing?
Speaker A: I'm waiting for. I'm waiting for the new video. The new video so I can chop it up into TikTok styles and go from there.
Speaker B: By the way, did you see? There was, there's. What is it? Ponky? It's another Solana meme. It's the monkey. You see that video? That video went super mega viral on Instagram reels. I think the last I checked, I literally just looked at it an hour ago or so and it had 1.8 million views.
Speaker A: Wow. So, yeah, ideally something like that with, with magic Internet cat. Maybe early next week.
Speaker B: Yeah. And, you know, we've got a bunch of stuff coming. So this has been, you know, I had moments of panic where I didn't know if we would be able to, you know, revive this thing. We had some internal fuckery going on that is now totally cleared up. And we are. We are on the full up only reversal, it looks like, don't you think?
Speaker A: I mean, I didn't, like, I honestly, like I said, honestly didn't even know what was happening today. As far as the overall market, I've.
Speaker B: Been literally, since you literally just have this chart.
Speaker A: I only have the magic Internet charm. Like, oh, must be a good day. Like, I don't have anything else. Like, any other tabs open for, you.
Speaker B: Know, what me and we need for this is like the, uh, you know when somebody posts the chart and like, there's the magnet. Way up high. Yeah, it's like, instead of the magnet, it's just the new fat cat at somewhere like a million dollar market cap or something. I'm gonna make that one later.
Speaker A: I like it.
Speaker B: That'll be the one.
Speaker A: Hey, everybody, just want to take a quick minute to thank you for listening to this show. If you're interested in joining the conversation, you can follow us on Twitter idmike crisis. We do a live show every Tuesday and Friday at 04:00 p.m. eastern. Please subscribe to the show on Apple Podcast, Spotify, or wherever you're listening to this right now. Let's get back to the show.
Speaker B: But anyway, that's enough. That's enough fat cat talk. Joey, did you fix it?
Speaker C: So I don't think it's fixable right now.
Speaker B: Also, in the midst of that, I accidentally pushed bunch of down the speaker.
Speaker A: Down. A listener, you mean?
Speaker B: Or listener?
Speaker A: Yeah, he's. He's happy there.
Speaker B: Yeah, he's probably not going to come back up. Already invited him. Well, I'm. Look, you place, you replace one Joe with a Joey, and now you've got a new co host, and this is I. We're going to try this on. What do you think?
Speaker A: I don't know about this.
Speaker B: And there, he's gone. He's gone already. But anyway, this is a terrible podcast, so we haven't done anything that we thought we were going to do. But in the meantime, while we wait for Joey to come back, Chris. Gm.
Speaker E: Gm. Gm. I just want to say that I love me some chunky cats, and I happen to own a couple of chunky cats myself in real life. But I am also a fan of the swole magic Internet cat, too. So I think there's a doctor Jekyll mister Hyde thing that we could really play into here. Thoughts?
Speaker B: I really. Our best performing tweet so far has been the one where the swole cat you made, we, quote, tweeted that one. Somebody quote, tweeted that one. I actually thought this was you that did this chamber, and it turns out it was not. And it said something like, oh, we must have used the wrong potion. This is what we got instead with the chunky cat. So there is definitely a good, you know, dichotomy there of swole versus fat cat. So I tend to agree with you there. But, yeah, Chris, you know, we are far past the 69 420 market cap, but we are right around where we're going to play round two of 169 420 market cap. So we're literally at 173.2 right now. So get that buy button. We were playing in the telegram the other day. If anybody could actually hit the 69,420 market cap. Right on. And it took us three days, but we actually did it. Was it you that did it, Chris?
Speaker E: I did. If you look at the deck screener chart of my buys and sells to get it to that point, it's disgusting. I think I've already ruined some future accountants life who's going to try and do my taxes next year. But they'll figure it out. That's what they get paid to do.
Speaker B: Incredible. All right. We've got Joey back, right?
Speaker A: We did, and then he's gone away.
Speaker B: Oh, my God. We are just never doing this. Let's, let's talk about the topic at least.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: So this is, this is what you're talking about. Where are you saying I saved your life or I changed your life today?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So you sent me, I thought we were talking Pepe coins. You clarified with my dumb brain that that was actually happening on Tuesday. So I was kind of scrambling. I'm like, oh, shit, like, what are we going to talk about today? And you're like, oh, there's this new AI music app that you can use, and you sent it to me. And honestly, I didn't look at it for like an hour. I saw you sent it. I'm like, eh, whatever. You know, I'm kind of waiting around to see if there's, like, anything better happening today. Turns out the market was crashing. I wasn't even aware of it. So I open up the app, I'm like, oh, let's see what this is about. And then it's asking me for a couple of your typical AI prompts. I'm like, okay. And then I'm like, let me create, like, a mid mic crisis theme song. And so I put in a couple of, you know, I say, like, create podcast theme for a podcast called Mid my crisis. And then you can put in different audio or different genres of music to create it. And I started plugging away, and honestly, what came out was amazing. Do you want to try mid mic crisis?
Speaker F: What have I done? What have I become? I can't describe this. This is my mid mic crisis.
Speaker B: That's a bop.
Speaker A: What was your initial thoughts? That was attempt one.
Speaker B: So my question was, first of all, describe the process again, because for and give the actual domain for people to go try this themselves. It's actually free right now. They just launched the beta. It's udio.com. udo. There's another very popular one that was out before this called suno. And that one's good. This one, I think so far, the feedback is. It's way better. So, chamber, what was the process you did here?
Speaker A: So, like I said, the user experience was fantastic. I signed in through Twitter and then you literally get a little bar at the top. Again, you mentioned udio.com. you can sign in through Discord, you can sign in through Twitter, you can sign in through your Google accounts. And then it literally gives you kind of like a little prompt. This one right now, it says a song about the heartache of a good goodbye is what it's currently giving me. You can literally plug in anything you want and then it gives you prompts for styles of music. So, you know, hip hop or rock or indie folk. You know what I mean? Like anything you want. And you can add. You can stack types of music on types of music. So I'm like, oh, let me, you know, a little bit of this, a little bit of that. I'm a sucker for dreampop, which is dream pop. Dream pop is my weakness.
Speaker B: I thought. I thought for sure your 1st 300 would be yacht rock.
Speaker A: I love. I mean, I love yacht rock also, but dream pop is like millennial yacht rock, I think is probably a pretty accurate statement.
Speaker B: Dream pop is millennial yacht rock. Is that a thing? Is that.
Speaker A: I mean, I don't think it's a thing, but that is my quote and I'm standing by it.
Speaker B: Got it. Okay. Got it. So first of all, are we going to use that from now on?
Speaker A: Well, I made five of them.
Speaker B: You made one that was in a different language.
Speaker A: I'm a sucker for french pop and this is what came out.
Speaker F: Midnight crisis, harmony in the air. So priceless. I won't keep this mid my crisis.
Speaker B: I mean, that's pretty good, too.
Speaker A: I am a sucker for. Yeah, like, french pop music, I love it. Especially older, like seventies, eighties french pop. Big sucker. So that one I thought was good, but that was more for me.
Speaker B: Okay, so I have two questions. Um, did you, um, laughing at pain in the chat? Pain. So, like, that one came a little in and out. Um, so it wasn't nearly as clear as the first one, but it was still fine. But pain said, sounds like the audio is coming out of a potato.
Speaker C: Uh, listen, blame x. I'm working with what x is giving me.
Speaker B: Hey, man, this isn't your fault. You are donating your time and energy to this nonsense, so it is not at all your fault. But my question was, did you. What I noticed in you do that you can't do specifically on suno is you could create your own lyrics.
Speaker A: You can?
Speaker B: Yeah. Did you create your own lyrics?
Speaker A: The first one that we heard was lyrics I created.
Speaker B: Interesting. And now, did you actually write them or did you, did you even go to chat GPT to write them for you?
Speaker A: No, I just. I'm like, oh, like, how hard is it to make lyrics? So I did. So the first. The lyrics for the first one. So I'm just pulling it up now here. Yes. My. My Grammy level.
Speaker B: I mean, there's four. Four lines in that first one, and it can. Now that I know that you wrote them, it says a lot about you. What have I done? What have I become? What is the third line?
Speaker A: What's that going to?
Speaker C: It's what have I done? What have I become? I can't describe this. This is my mid mic crisis.
Speaker B: There it is.
Speaker A: That's a great line. I mean, hey, I stand by it. That was attempt one.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Is that a haiku?
Speaker A: It may be.
Speaker B: It may be, yeah. So, I mean, just reading into those lyrics, it's. I can. I can tell a lot about where you're at, you know.
Speaker A: Yeah. Of a tortured soul.
Speaker B: Yeah. You really are. You really are. So there was those two. So you wrote your own lyrics. The French one, you did not. Or did you? Or are they the same lyrics?
Speaker A: No. So the French one, I did not. The French one, I just used. Whatever.
Speaker B: So what's your prompt there? French. Raw french stuff.
Speaker A: So for that one, I think it tells you what the prompt is, too. That's. That's what I really liked about this view track. It says prompt. So a theme song for a podcast called Mid my crisis. Jazz, french pop, jazz, funk and energetic.
Speaker B: Oh, wow. All right. And how many of those words did you actually type yourself? Chamber?
Speaker A: I think the prompt is. I think all of them. I think those ones are all put in very. Yeah.
Speaker B: So what's your. We have one more here that you made.
Speaker A: I have three more that I made.
Speaker B: Three more. Oh, I've only heard the first. I've only heard the first three.
Speaker C: What would you like to play next? Chamber.
Speaker A: It's a good question. So, bunch, I. Do you want the one that I think is the best one that you would also like the most?
Speaker B: I thought it was the one you wrote the lyrics to. So I can't wait.
Speaker A: So there's, there's two. There's. So I'm going to give you two styles of music. So there's a hip hop style. Okay. And then there's a, like, pop punk style. Is there. Is there one that you would like to.
Speaker B: I am a soccer for pop punk.
Speaker A: So I would say so I think the pop punk and the hip hop are the two best ones. I think the pop punk is the one you're absolutely gonna like the most.
Speaker B: So I will. I will preface this with. So this specific platform was just released in beta, I think, yesterday or two days ago. Last Friday, the magic Internet cat Telegram community was all the rage with Suno AI. And we were going back and forth creating theme songs for the magic Internet cat. And my far and away genre of choice when I was creating them was pop punk. And there were some really good ones. There were some good ones, man. So I definitely want to see the pop punk one.
Speaker A: Okay. So Joey will play tales will rise.
Speaker F: Now we're live it's that time broadcast bright hear our voices riding high wherever where the tech minds thrive we're your guides in this dive of crypto science. Mid my crisis in your ears as the future unwinds I apologize for all the market dies but our tails will rise past the volatile skies.
Speaker B: That was incredible. Okay. That. That might be our new theme song here.
Speaker A: So what I'm gonna. What I'm gonna do is I'm actually for the podcast listeners, they're gonna hear a beautiful version of all of these. So I'm just gonna download them and then. And then apply them to the podcast.
Speaker B: Amazing. We should then put out a poll on Twitter or wherever afterwards about which one was people's favorite. And that should be the new official podcast theme song of the mid mic crisis. You can actually. What's cool about these is once you create them, you can also like, remix them a little bit and then you can extend them as well.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So you could take like, they're, they're what, 33 2nd clips or.
Speaker A: Which I think on. Honestly, I think that's the perfect length for a total song.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker A: But I like the idea. There's some podcasts that do a different song for the ending than they do for the beginning, which I'm not opposed.
Speaker B: To because you extend or you extend the one from the beginning and it's just like, you pick up right where that first part leaves off.
Speaker A: I. Yeah, I mean, both, like, this is these. These are the.
Speaker B: Okay, so. But, like, so there's one more, right?
Speaker A: Yeah. So the last one is the hip hop version.
Speaker F: Midnight voices. We getting reckless, yo. Sample beat sight vibe on the metro broadcasting thoughts from the underground words flowing deep like the base pounds mid my crisis where the minds connect spitting knowledge while the tracks intersect minds and ants echo in cyberspace rhyme so tight like we in a mental race livestream the chaos audio on set, dropping verbal bombs.
Speaker B: Yeah, you can bethe pain, pain liked that one. He said. Yeah, that's a whole vibe.
Speaker A: It's. I really like. So those are my two favorites. You know, Joey, if you want to play, all that's traded is Steve.
Speaker B: Steve didn't like that one. I'm watching him repeat thumbs down. However, up top, he says, okay, the pop punk version is a whole ass bop. Best by a mile. Then Bird spy says, the second one started off a little yacht rocky, if yacht rock had ever made its way to France. I enjoy that comment. Birds buy.
Speaker A: So there is a, what I would call a second place pop punk version. And that's the all that's traded.
Speaker F: Voices clash in the digital space.
Speaker A: We.
Speaker F: Speculate every headline if I could thank you to the blockchain time I decrypt the truth in every rhyme all that's trading isn't always gold.
Speaker B: Did you write that one? Are you. No.
Speaker A: No. Yeah, these are just AI. AI generated lyrics.
Speaker B: Okay, so we've played them all. That was all of them?
Speaker A: Yeah, that was all of them.
Speaker B: Joey, thank you for your patience with us. And if you, uh. If you're messing around with Udo while you're listening to the rest, Joey, please, if you find. If you make a good one, let us know, and we will be happy to play. I'm going, yeah, I go. Go mess around and play us. Play us a couple more good ones before the end of the show. Chamber. What was the most, like, mind blowing thing here for you?
Speaker A: The ability to. There's a couple that I have that are unpublished that I made for Amber, and it's just some funny. Just some funny songs that I made for her that are inside jokes. And the ability for the AI to or for me to communicate to the AI. Exactly. The tone of song I wanted was really blowing my mind. There was one song kind of like a country type song I created for Amber. And honestly, we were, like, in tears, laughing for, like, half an hour this afternoon. It was like I couldn't stop laughing. How. How exactly for that one specifically? I wrote the lyrics, and it was. It was a minute long with a minute's worth of lyrics. Like, I wrote a whole bunch of lyrics for that one, and it was so good, and it created. It created a tone exactly like the exact tone that I wanted. And that. So that that was the most impressive thing for me.
Speaker B: So, in terms of, like, things you've messed around with in AI thus far, where does this rank for you? Is, like, what I'm trying to find here for you is like, what's the blow your fucking mind moment for AI where you're like, oh, this is going to eat everything?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, like, I I would say, like, you know, we've used mid journey in the past. I literally used AI for a mid year review.
Speaker B: You're like, man, I don't really like this guy. Here's his LinkedIn profile. Tell me why I can fire it.
Speaker A: Yeah. Like, it was so simple, it took literally a minute. So I use AI more than a regular person with mid journey. Like, the imagery was really good, but at the end of the day, like, I can still, like, I'm very aware that I'm looking at an AI image even, you know, I made one.
Speaker B: All right, Joey's got a bear. All right, let's hit it.
Speaker F: Dialing in with a new point of view. They're talking about coins off the mainstream track, sunset glow. While they unpack the clues. Bunchu laughs and the screen goes brighter. Crypto tips and the minds get lighter, sprinkled with bits in the digital rush.
Speaker B: These are so good. It's just, like, such a fun thing to play with. So, like, not only is the novelty fun, right. But I actually think you could do some really, really good producing if you know what you're doing musically. Like, I always say, the AI stuff, it democratizes it for everyone. But if you've got the 10,000 hours, it really takes your skills to the next level as well. What are you, your thoughts chamber? By the way, Steve says all that's traded is way too angsty. Sounds like a suburban 19 year old wearing all black and eyeliner. They're suffering because they got a used 2023 BMW when they turn 16 instead of the new, brand new 2024 BMW. First pop punk option is better.
Speaker A: We all have our cross the bear, you know?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. You know.
Speaker A: But I do think. I do think tales will rise is the premiere song with the hip hop version where the minds connect, coming in at number two. So I feel like everybody kind of agrees those two. I seem to be the two best ones. But I do think, like I said, with mid journey, I'm very aware that I'm looking at an AI generated image. I would argue this is closer. You'd be more confused listening, trying to decipher if this is a AI generated song versus trying to decipher if it's an AI generated image. Does that make sense?
Speaker B: I think so. There's less, like, I mean, visually, you can always see kind of the artifacts and stuff in some of these AI imagery. I don't think that's necessarily the case here in terms of, like, my ear is not nearly as well trained as like, it easy is as it is to pick up on stuff, you know, with your eye. Would you agree that's the difference? Or is it just like, are you just like, blown away by the quality I'm. Or is it some combination of both?
Speaker A: I think I'm blown away by the quality, but to a certain extent, I think you're right. Like, you know, your eye. Your eye probably picks up the, you know, the inauthentic nature of some of the images, whereas maybe your ear, it's a little harder to pick those up. But, I mean, it's. It's pretty good. I listen to a lot of music and, you know, some of these songs, I'm like, it's wild. And I haven't even, like, I've been playing with this for maybe an hour total today. And I'm like, oh, like, there's a little tab that says pricing. I'm like, well, let me just see how much, like, what's this gonna cost me? And they're like, oh, this is free. You get 1200 songs per month for free during the beta.
Speaker B: This is just too much fun. And, I mean, it's just crazy that, like, think of all the things it's doing in that, you know, 20 seconds it takes to actually render this thing, which is wild. So, chamber, what do you think? Maybe you pass this along to Ken and he could create some. Some original music for the videos. What do you think?
Speaker A: I might just do the soundtracks for them. How about that?
Speaker B: There you go. You do the soundtracks and, you know, I think there's a lot you could do here. This, I'm gonna.
Speaker A: I'm gonna. Custom lyrics. Custom lyrics is where it's at, by the way. I've found once, I mean, if you can write it makes it so good because then you can, you know, curate the words specifically.
Speaker B: Right. I think, like, the biggest weakness, if there is one, would be the lyrics. Right. Cause like you're still relay, you're still relying on it to kind of totally understand the context of what you're asking. And I think sometimes that's a little off, but it's still really, really, really good. But if like you're putting in the right words, I think there's something really interesting it would be cool to see. I don't know. I haven't tried this yet. Can you, can you get an instrumental version and then write lyrics on top of it after. I know you can do an instrumental.
Speaker A: I'm not sure if you can write lyrics after the fact.
Speaker C: I think it'd be cooler if you did an instrumental and then had like bunch of just rap on top.
Speaker B: Just real rapping on top.
Speaker C: Real rap. Just bunch of just rapping.
Speaker B: That's it. That's the real one that we're going to do next week. Yeah, I just, I thought you would find this very fun. Now you can see a world chamber where you could become like you. Like you're just your own content creation farm, right? Like think about, I played some of these for my wife the other day and her reaction was not as mind blown as I was expecting. And I asked her, you know like why? And she's just like, I don't know, it's good. And I was like, yeah. How long do you think that would take to like make, you know, like if you actually made the product, the finished product that you just played of any of those would take you hours and hours and hours. No, I mean maybe days.
Speaker A: Maybe days. Absolutely.
Speaker B: Yeah and like it's 30 seconds and yeah sure they're not the best 32nd clips in the world but they're serviceable and with some skill and fine tuning you can get some really, really, really cool stuff. So I don't know. This was like the newest thing that I was having fun with the other day. I thought this would be right up your alley. Chamber and. Yeah. What else? What say you?
Speaker A: I love it. I'm very excited to play around with this. I can't wait to make more songs. I can't wait to write a the lyrics is where it's at. If you can crush the lyrics.
Speaker B: I think I have the. I think I have the way that you can finally get yourself up to that 10,000 follower threshold. You should just start making songs about popular ct influencers and sharing them out on your Twitter and they'll, you know, they'll get picked up, go viral and things like that. I think that's a good angle for for you.
Speaker A: All right, let's try it. Let's try it out.
Speaker B: You're gonna.
Speaker A: For anybody listening, this is bunch whose idea for me, and if I see any of you guys doing this, I'll be upset about it.
Speaker B: I mean, don't you think you could write a banger bit boy song?
Speaker A: Oh, my God.
Speaker B: And then you just throw, like. You just throw it. The. The album art is like the.
Speaker C: Can we do it right now?
Speaker B: Can we do it right? Yeah, try. Hold on. Yeah, let's have the song or mailbox or you go country rock about how his wife, dog and Lambo left him and all he's left with is karate. And Cassie, first of all, if this is. If this comes out decent, I think you really have some legs with this angle. What do you think?
Speaker A: I think this is a phenomenal idea. I'm trying to think of one I could create for Ansem, maybe.
Speaker B: Oh, handsome, handsome, handsome, handsome, handsome, handsome dude. You're going to blow up with these.
Speaker A: Yeah. And these will all be written like I will. These will all be lyrics. Lyrics.
Speaker B: You mean lyrically?
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker B: Yeah. All right, before we get to the song circles, you've had your hand up for a long time, GM.
Speaker D: Welcome back GMGM. I have a couple different things about Udeo that kind of got bounced around first. It looks like Udeo will even do. I saw a stand up.
Speaker A: Yes, I saw that.
Speaker B: What?
Speaker D: Yeah, so if you go to Udeo's main page, they, quote, tweeted it with basically somebody doing, like, a guitar intro of them, like, tuning their guitar and shooting the shit with the crowd. And then the quote tweeted, tweet is.
Speaker C: A stand up, no tail lights, and dust is ready, I reckon now she's.
Speaker F: Gone for good she drove away my wheel out of space waiting in the dust my heart's so quiet and still so that lambo cash all spent no more rides down the coast.
Speaker C: Okay, that was.
Speaker B: That was all right. That was all right.
Speaker C: Yeah, that was all right. I should add. Next time I'm going to add bit boy. I got to add bit boy. And so that way, maybe it says bit boy.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. Let's.
Speaker C: Let's do Cassie and a broken dream.
Speaker F: She took off and left me stranded thought I loved was more but I misplanned it now I've sold off that fancy ride no more just me and Cassie life stripped down to the core used to kick high trophy high karate dreams now there's no team.
Speaker B: That one sounded a little like bad karaoke. What'd you think?
Speaker C: Terrible karaoke? Yeah. Okay. I'll be back.
Speaker B: Joey doesn't know this show ends in 1 minute. I'm done.
Speaker C: Okay, well, you're gonna wait. You're gonna wait until I do this next one. Hold on.
Speaker B: All right, we got one more circles. Come back in, and then we'll wrap up with the final song.
Speaker D: So I was gonna say, I think I've noticed a little bit of ghosts in the shell where I did create one song and it said it had lyrics that it didn't. When it comes to putting lyrics in, are you just typing it up and then putting it into the prompt? Are you putting it into its own?
Speaker B: There's a spot, I think, that says custom lyric, right? Chamber.
Speaker A: That's exactly, exactly right.
Speaker B: Yeah, there's a spot right there, like, on the left side where it says, like, right under your prompt. And it can say custom lyrics and then you put your own in there. Um, yeah. So a chamber. I think this is a good angle for you. I think you could make, like, some good cover art for folks. You could do handsome. Handsome. You could do this bit boy one. And the bit boy album art would be like that crazed karate picture. You know which one I'm talking about?
Speaker A: Maybe. Yeah, you can maybe one for Sammy.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Prison song.
Speaker B: You could do one that's like Steve and the Big Apple. And it could be a parody of NFT NYc or the Adams apple. Like, who knows which one?
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker B: I think you could do a lot of good ones.
Speaker A: There could be some good ones to be had.
Speaker B: You can make these about every single, like, NFT project, and it doesn't take you that long. That's the beauty of this. Like, you could just crank these out and you could be the AI DJ of crypto Twitter. What do you think? Do you think this would get you to ten k? I don't want you to.
Speaker A: I want to get, I want to get there organically. I don't want to cheat code.
Speaker B: This is a cheat code. That's good content.
Speaker A: I'll put a couple. I also don't want to be, like, a content guy. Do you know what I'm saying?
Speaker B: You don't have to be a content guy. You're a joke maker. These are parodies.
Speaker A: Okay, all right, all right.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: I feel better about it.
Speaker B: I mean, maybe it'll just get one. Like, who knows?
Speaker A: That's, that's what I want.
Speaker B: All right, we're going to close this down with whatever Joey has, if Joey's ready, and then that's going to do it. But before we get out of here. Joey, thank you for letting us borrow your rodecaster for today. I hope you had as much fun as we did. Chamber. I'm glad you found your passion. Yep, tickled pink is a good name for a song or a band. So we can be working on that one for next time. Don't forget the magic fat Internet cat. Back at it. We got the chunky boy going. Big things going on for the magic Internet cat community. Mick, is the tick. Chamber. You ready to get out of here with. With bit boys? Country music song, sir. All right, we're going to shut it down on this pain when it. When it ends and the space.
Speaker D: And.
Speaker F: I'm just too broke to chase her down so that lambo in the morning light don't you reckon? It's a simple life look, now.
Speaker B: Let.
Speaker F: Her memory take a gentle flight or you can walk in your heart.
Speaker B: All right, that's gonna do it, guys. Keep the mic hot. Bye.
