Speaker A: I'm so excited for today. I'm also very broke. I was maybe the most expensive Christmas holiday ever. Bunch, how you doing? You flush?
Speaker B: Flush with what?
Speaker A: With that sweet, sweet soul.
Speaker B: No, no, no. I'm glad you're excited today. I could feel you just, like, frothing to get back into the podcasting game, which, you know, that's. I love that journey for you.
Speaker A: Thank you. I'm just so glad you're here to experience it with me.
Speaker B: Well, you know, I have to apologize. Like, we planned to miss a couple shows for the holiday, but I had, like, the craziest slash worst holiday season ever, and so. And then so, like, my family got sick. My mom had Covid, my dad had the flu. So, like, that messed up our initial Christmas plans, and then I had off, basically, those two weeks. So I don't really know what day of the week it is or whatever, but the days of the week that our podcast fell on just ended up kept being like, alternate Christmas one, alternate Christmas two. Alternate Christmas three. New Year's Day. Like, are we back today? I'm like, you can be, but I'm not. And so that happened, I don't know, at least twice. The one I felt really bad about was Friday. Was it Friday's show? I don't even remember what day.
Speaker A: I know which. I know which one it was. I know which one it was. It was so on. Either. It was probably, like, Thursday. So I'm like, we doing a show tomorrow? And you're like, ideally nothing. You know, I'm doing Christmas or something.
Speaker B: That's right. It was. That was the day my wife's family came over. Friday. Yes. Friday was the day my wife's family came over. And then you're like, well, definitely Monday, right? And I was like, no, dude, that's New Year's Day. That's another holiday, whether you like it or not. Sorry.
Speaker A: So I didn't know Monday was New.
Speaker B: Year's Day when I said okay, because I wasn't sure. I was like. I was like, I don't know. Is this guy trying to make me, like, tell him I, like, is he trying to make me say no to him? I don't know. Like, he doesn't really want to do one of these on New Year's Day, does he? And, you know, what do we look like? Cap and Steve?
Speaker A: Those guys were hustling.
Speaker B: They went. They did Christmas day. Who wants cap and Steve under their Christmas tree? Not me, apparently.
Speaker A: Like, enough.
Speaker B: I mean, I. Look, I love cap and Steve. I love coffee with captain, you couldn't pay me to wake up on Christmas morning and listen to Steve talk about nfts. I got, I got three year old, I got a three year old ready to like jump out of his diaper. I got like, I got a one year old crying at me like he was. There's not a, just, it's just not a chance, you know, so. But good for those guys, the hustle. Steve was like doing a show on vacation in the Dominican Republic and that's the consistency you need to be a successful podcast. And that's why we're here.
Speaker A: That's right. Well, at least the successful spaces.
Speaker B: Yeah, I guess. I mean, I think pretty, I mean, we're not the only ones that did not do shows during this time period.
Speaker A: I mean, we're both podcast listeners and I know all of my podcasts that I listened to didn't do a show over the, you know, over the same timeframe, so I don't feel that.
Speaker B: Yeah, but I'm glad you're very excited to be here.
Speaker A: So I just missed talking to you. That's what I missed the most.
Speaker B: Literally the only thing I miss. That's it. Like if we could just reschedule this for like a weekly hour long call between the two of us, like that would be, that's not. At 04:00 in the afternoon. Like that would, that would just be great.
Speaker A: You know, it would be great. Well, but here we are.
Speaker B: Here we are. Tell me about, look, the whole world knows how I feel about this show. So tell me about what has you super excited. A lot has happened since we've been here last. Like a lot of stuff has happened since we've been here last. You. There has been air drops and moons and crashes and you grew a peen. I don't know, like what are the things? Like there's a lot of stuff going on. What? Like what has you excited?
Speaker A: Here I am. Like, you know, the, you know, it's. I think you should leave beam. Like I just, I don't, I don't want to be around anymore. Like, or, or like the. Who's Stan's dad? What's, what's, what's mister Marsh's first name?
Speaker B: Randy Marsh.
Speaker A: Randy, you know that meme where he's just, you know, he's completed and he's just on his, on his office chair. Just a whole mess. That's how I feel right now after the holidays because I, similar to you, I didn't do absolutely anything all holidays. My kid got Covid and we didn't go anywhere. She literally only got better on, I think, New Year's Eve. We started going out and doing stuff, but all of the Christmas.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, that's right. I texted you on Christmas.
Speaker A: Yeah, not doing anything. It was just a bunch of. Just chilling at the house with four people and. Yeah, it's been awful. So I was, you know, in my office a lot of this time, and, you know, I thought I'd dip my toes into trading some soul meme coins. And I lost so much money over the holidays. Like, it's crazy. Like, I lost so much money. I don't know what I'm doing. I'm just. I'm just. I can't. I'm just.
Speaker B: So why do you feel. Why did you lose so much money?
Speaker A: I didn't fully understand how to trade Solana shitcoins.
Speaker B: See, this is where I was going with this. Like, do you feel that the different ecosystem has passed you by?
Speaker A: I mean, I had to do some on the job training, I would say, which.
Speaker B: Your performance review has not gone well.
Speaker A: Not ideal. Not ideal. I'm not getting my quarterly bonus, put it that way.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: No, but, yeah, it's crazy how fast I. These little, you know, these little pumps go and how fast they come down, and there's no follow through. It's literally just one and done. You know, I'm used to trading a million dollar market cap to $15 million, and now you got to be trading, like, $50,000 market caps to 500,000, maybe to a million. You know what I mean? If you're lucky. And that was the big difference. And it's just. It happens so fast, and the bots eat up so much of the liquidity. It's just. There's just so many more things to be aware of. You know? I'm getting made fun of in the shitcoin season. Part of our discord server.
Speaker B: Oh, no, it's.
Speaker A: I mean, nobody's nice to me in there anymore. Everybody's just. I don't think in my years of trading crypto, I was mean to anybody on the way up. But, man, some of these people are just mean to me on the way down, I'll tell you.
Speaker B: Well, you know, you have. First of all, you have a certain way about you when you get into shitcoin mode.
Speaker A: Yes, that's true.
Speaker B: It is what I would describe as aggressive.
Speaker A: It's aggressive. It's aggressive. Yeah.
Speaker B: I would also. So, like, here's how it goes. You don't spend a lot of time in the war room unless you're in go mode, like that. So the reason I say that is it's very obvious when you're in go mode.
Speaker A: Very obvious.
Speaker B: So, like, if you appear something is going on or you want somebody to take action or you want some kind of information, you're like the guy that shows up and eats all the free food and then leaves until there's next. The next time there's free food. So when you spill that food all over yourself, folks laugh at you. I think that's what happened here. Would that. Is that about. Is that about right?
Speaker A: I think that's fairly good depiction of what occurred.
Speaker B: There's something called an emotional bank account. And you have to try to keep the balance, the deposits and the withdrawals, even. Or even slightly more deposits than withdrawals. Otherwise you become that guy. And I think maybe in the shitcoin streets, you're turning into that guy.
Speaker A: Apparently I am, um, at least within our community. So, um, yeah, I don't know now.
Speaker B: How will this change your ways in the future? Are you.
Speaker A: Zero.
Speaker B: Okay, so you're. You are not then interested in. Are you. I guess two questions. They're separate.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Soul, are you giving up on it, or are you, like, destined to learn to how to trade soul shit coins? Number one. Okay, you can answer that one for.
Speaker A: Yes, I'm destined to trade soul shit coins. So I'm not going anywhere. I'm just taking my meager bag. Now, before, it was a nice, healthy bag of soul. Now it's.
Speaker B: Dip into. Was this soul you already had? Is it. Did you, like, put some dry powder in? What? Like, what are we. What are we talking here?
Speaker A: No, this is just soul that I had. And, you know, it was my. It was a bag for, you know, for playing around with. Trying to turn it into, you know, boku bucks, and I did not. It was the opposite of that. It's now a change purse. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker B: It was really that bad, huh?
Speaker A: It was bad.
Speaker B: Oh, no.
Speaker A: Yeah, it was bad. It was bad. It was an expensive Christmas break.
Speaker B: Okay, so your. Your major learnings here, because that's what we're about here. We have to define the areas in which you can improve next time. So you think it's mostly that you're. You weren't used to kind of the speed of which things happened. Would you say that's it? Or what exactly was it?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think. I mean, you know, just based on last spring's Ethereum meme coin season, you know, you could be in a coin.
Speaker B: For upwards of days.
Speaker A: Yeah. Two, three days, you know, I think was pretty. Pretty typical. And I mean, literally now you're. You're. You're talking two, 3 hours in some cases, and maybe not even that. You know what I mean? Yeah, it was. It was rough. It was rough out there.
Speaker B: Okay. What other takeaways here? Like, where are you going to try to improve? Are you going to try to improve, like, or are you just going to gamble here?
Speaker A: I'm gonna. Oh, the other thing. Yes. The other area is, again, based on my ethereum trading, what I would do is I would take a big swing, and again, because of the few days, you could monitor it and then pull the chute. If I saw something wasn't going, I was buying, you know, ten soul at a time kind of thing on various projects and just getting eaten up, like, just, you know, 1010 soul. Okay. Now it's two soul, ten soul. Now it's three soul, ten soul. Now it's one soul. So I would say smaller swings, more. A more shotgun approach, like a. Like, you know, let's spread that out a little bit, I would say.
Speaker B: I think that's a smart idea in general. Right. Especially with. With meme slash shit coins. Um, did. First of all, I. Okay, uh, what's prosciutto?
Speaker A: I don't. I. This name comes up in. In the shitcoin season. Tell, um, uh, discord, and I've been on telegram, too, by the way, so I've been saying telegram a lot more, because.
Speaker B: Oh, God, here they are deep.
Speaker A: Don't even get me started. So, yes, in our shitcoin season discord portion of the. Of the Djen discord, the name Prosciutto has come up many times, along with the name Wu. And both of those names I wasn't familiar with. But apparently, I want to say, based on my. My grasp, my very delicate grasp on this, prosciutto is either a person or a telegram. Alpha group.
Speaker B: A person, place, or thing.
Speaker A: Yeah. It's something that is a noun. Yeah. It's also a food. Somebody that's making alpha calls. So I don't know if it's a telegram group, a person individually that runs a telegram group, but apparently has been making some pretty good calls in there.
Speaker B: I see a telegram called Prosciutto's journal.
Speaker A: Hmm. Maybe.
Speaker B: Yeah. So this comes from our good friend Crocs, our son. Proud of you, son, for really getting out there in the world. Hopefully, you're killing the shitcoin streets here. Croc says prosciutto is, like, seven for seven. And chamber keeps following thirst traps on x. Shaking my head. Would you care to defend yourself here?
Speaker A: Crocs is the biggest culprit of hurting my feelings over the Christmas season.
Speaker B: Well, I mean, look, that's basically what Crocs war room passes for. It's his license to be mean to people.
Speaker A: I'm a human being with emotions and feelings and I thought we were family.
Speaker B: But Crocs, you have to understand, Crocs is like. Crocs is like a big. Like an oversized dog where, like, you know, he's got a little bit of bark to him. He likes to. He likes to, you know, chew on the couch a little bit, but then you yell at him and tell him it's too much, and then he backs off. That's the. That's the Crocs formula. You gotta go.
Speaker A: That's good. I just assumed he was in the teenage portion of his crypto career where he's rebelling against his father.
Speaker B: Right, well, that too.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: You don't know anything, dad.
Speaker A: Yeah, you know, when he. You give him the. He kind of gets up in your face and gives you the head and shoulders a little bit.
Speaker B: Oh, wow. That's the real. That's some real teenage angst. Yeah.
Speaker A: So, yeah. So, no, it's good. You know, I even fumbled the LFG.
Speaker B: Okay, let's talk about that. Where I was going next, was. Was any of this remedied by any airdrops that you had?
Speaker A: No, it was. It was actually worsened by air drops. So not only so I. You know.
Speaker B: You're not the guy that adds more to a free airdrop, are you?
Speaker A: I don't want to talk about it.
Speaker B: I got this free thing that everyone's going to sell. Let's buy more.
Speaker A: Yeah. Heavy, no? Heavy?
Speaker B: No. Okay, so tell me about the LFG airdrop. So for those who don't know, um. Or did not claim that.
Speaker A: Are we losing bunch or is it me?
Speaker B: Can you hear me? Yeah, that was you. I was, uh. I was getting worried. I was about to rug the space. So we're good? Yes.
Speaker A: I haven't seen. I haven't seen the message yet.
Speaker B: For some reason, it totally. It, like, just put me on mute. I don't know why was. But anyway, so LFG, less fees and less effing gas, is that what it stood for?
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker B: And it was a sole airdrop, which I thought this was a very smart approach. It is a sole airdrop that was delivered to Ethereum users. Airdropped to you based on the amount of gas fees you had paid on Ethereum. This gave me the, like, quarterly, I don't even know, dread quarterly, reminder of how terrible Ethereum is for, with gas. Because I got to see how much I have spent in Ethereum gas fees, and it makes me just want to vomit. I mean, did you have the same feeling?
Speaker A: Oh, 100%. I mean, it wasn't just this one. It was, I think frame also told me how shitty I am at trading and how much money I've spent on gas and trades over the years. Yeah, it's not great, it's not ideal. And not only that, like you said, I thought the same thing you did. I'm like, what a smart idea. We're going to get a bunch of Ethereum people to come over and play in the soul ecosystem. My brain's like, well, this is obviously something to go heavy into. So not only did I get my airdrop, I decided to buy an additional bag. And, yeah, it just melted and melted and melted away and it crescendoed, which I'm sure we'll talk about later to the, you know, to the massive market drop that happened early this morning and then all of the majors. So all your bitcoins and ethereums and solanas dipped severely. And it was even worse with meme coins. So it was. I just could not win. It's just terrible.
Speaker B: So you were holding LFG today?
Speaker A: I sure was.
Speaker B: So this is like part of the problem with alts and specifically shitcoins and meme coins is that, like, you are, I mean, there's just such incredible volatility and variance in all of these, because you're at the mercy of everything else. Like every other market condition. Like, you are literally sitting there at the bottom of the totem pole holding the shit end of the stick. And, like, if you don't know when the music's going to stop, you're totally screwed. And this is why I don't do a lot of shitcoining, because, I don't know, I just hate having zero control. Like, there's no technical trading in shit coins. There's none of, like, you can't really do that.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: So, like, I don't like that feeling. Why do you like it?
Speaker A: It's like gambling. Obviously, it's the reason I.
Speaker B: But this is the problem. It's like true gambling. You're not gambling with any sort of edge. You are just gambling.
Speaker A: Yeah. Degenerate gambling.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So, no, it definitely makes me feel alive.
Speaker B: I like playing games. I feel like I can win. And I don't ever feel like I can win those games.
Speaker A: So I do feel like I can win the games. It's just. It's just a matter of time before I win. The problem is you just want to have enough, you know, enough leverage to take advantage of those wins. So, yeah, I'm licking my wounds right now. But, you know, we're. We're reassessing. I'm currently me and Shane and maybe crocs. I don't know who else is in this with me, are currently in a. So here. So take all that conversation. And I'm. I've taken all my lessons that I've learned over the past few weeks, and I've now invested in a meme coin called shroom, which currently has so much. I want you. Okay, I'm gonna. I want you to guess what the current market cap is of shroom.
Speaker B: I mean, it's gotta be. We gotta be talking in the thousands.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay. We're going with 25,000.
Speaker A: Oh. If it. I'll tell you what, if it makes 25,000, I make like a quick four.
Speaker B: Five x. Oh, my God. What the hell? How do you even buy into a token like that?
Speaker A: I don't know. I just. I found it. It was at a $5,000 market cap when I found it.
Speaker B: $5,000 market cap?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Do you know how stupid you sound?
Speaker A: Or extremely smart. If it goes to a hundred million dollar market cap, I'm, like, basically a millionaire.
Speaker B: Yeah. You would 100% be a millionaire. Right?
Speaker A: Like, see every market cap.
Speaker B: Okay, sorry. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Before we. Before I. Before I go really hard into you on this, the. So with a $5,000 market cap token, what does a position size look like? Because I think that's important, because.
Speaker A: So just. Just one soul.
Speaker B: So this was okay. Okay, so then I'm. I'm okay with that. You can. You can gamble away one soul and. And that's okay? Like, yeah, yeah, go ahead. That's. That. That's the appropriate way to play. You're. You're playing roulette. You just put a chip down on, you know, 33, and you're hoping to hit it 30. Whatever.
Speaker A: We try to make it all back in one trade is basically.
Speaker B: Yeah. And, you know, maybe you will, maybe you won't. But the problem is, like, like, how the thing that I don't ever get. And Steve and cap were talking about this a little bit. I don't know if it was today or yesterday, maybe yesterday. Um, but I thought it was a good point. Was like, the attention is so fractured that, like, how do you even get these off the ground anymore? You can't. It's like you need these massively viral moments to pull something like a pepe or a turbo. It needs to be the literal perfect storm. And I just don't think, like, we're in that part of the cycle yet. Like, do you, or are we. Are you pressing or what? Like, I'm probably a fair question.
Speaker A: I'm probably pressing a little bit. I do think, you know, with the exception of today's big market dump, it has been pretty. I don't think we're getting many new entrants into crypto over the past, say, like, in the month of December, but there has been more volume internally. So I think it's more of a cycle where things are profitable elsewhere and are cycling through other chains and other markets. So people are. And were making money. I just wasn't one of those people. We are on the. I think in the very beginnings of. I'm anticipating a pretty good airdrop season, and we've said in the past a lot, airdrops can create little mini seasons. What we really want is new entrants because that grows the pie. But airdrops create a certain liquidity in markets that can. That can. That can create some. Some nice little opportunities, I would say, in certain areas. So that's what I'm looking at a lot.
Speaker B: Yeah. So that, I mean, I think that's all fair. I just, like, I just can't get behind the shitcoining at the current moment. But, you know, I do have to give you some credit here. Now, I don't know if you wrote the article or not that sent crypto into the gutter.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: But, like, you called months ago, I mean, I could go find the tweet, but I don't feel like it. You said sell at the end of December.
Speaker A: I did say that.
Speaker B: And here we are having, you know, one of the redder, more red days that we've had in quite some time. So do you believe that the, like, this ETF business is the real cause, or are people just kind of pointing to that today because of what's happening? Is it cause and effect, or is it. Or are we kind of just doing our normal q one? Think so.
Speaker A: I would say the momentum we saw as of mid October, all the way up until the end of December, I think a lot of that was pricing in the potential ETF for bitcoin. I believe today, the big drop was somebody had leaked that it wasn't going to be approved and the market dumped. And then about an hour later, somebody said, no, that's not the case. So literally it was like literal fake news that tanked the market. Like half a billion dollars or half a trillion dollars. I don't even know how much it was. It was a ton. Maybe it was half a trillion. Maybe it was $500 billion. I don't know. It was a lot, but yeah. And it's rebounded. We're back in, like, I'm just looking at the bitcoin chart right now. We're back in that same zone. We were between forty two k and forty three and a half k, where we were chopping basically all of December. So I don't know. I think a lot of this price point is built into the ETF. But then you see the rebound. We went all the way. We dipped below 41,000 today, and we're now 42.8. Seems to have it spiked and it seems to have recovered.
Speaker B: What was the low?
Speaker A: Looks like 40,800, maybe 600. Yeah. So I don't know. The real question is if and when. Because a lot of people are saying January, the announcement's going to drop, that it has been approved. Is that going to be a sell the news or is that going to have follow through on a pump? Did we lose a lot of. I think there was a liquidation event for the longs. So are we, did that shake out a lot of longs? Are we going to see continuation if we see approval? Because if you were to ask me two days ago, I would have said dumping on the approval. But after today, maybe that was enough of a shakeout that if it does get approved, we might see it go the other way.
Speaker B: So you're saying you think it will be a sell the news thing?
Speaker A: Two days ago, I would have said for sure. Today, I'm less confident that it's a sell the news just because of all the liquidations that happened in the last 24 hours.
Speaker B: I think that's fair because we definitely just got a pretty big washout. Right. So I think that's fair. Now, I guess my next question is, like, do you actually see valid? Like, do you think that this article or whatever is valid? Because there's a couple things out there that make me question it a tadae. One, the publication that put it out. Dang. Do you know what the name of the publication is? Off the top of your head?
Speaker A: No, I don't. Not on top of my head.
Speaker B: Dang. I had, I had it earlier and now I lost it. Sorry. But they basically kind of, within 24 hours, put out an article on both sides of that coin. They basically said, hey, yeah, looking like this is going to be approved. And then today kind of said up, just kidding. Going to be denied. So did you see that?
Speaker A: I did, yeah.
Speaker B: Okay. So one, what are your thoughts there? And then two, do you know who the founder of this publication is?
Speaker A: No, I don't. Is it like Saylor?
Speaker B: It's Jihan Wu. Oh, you remember that guy? That guy?
Speaker A: Yes, I do.
Speaker B: You know what he's famous for? No reminder outside of, you know, his contributions to crypto, the famous tweet, the fuck your mother if you want fuck.
Speaker A: That's right.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: That's right.
Speaker B: So that that guy's the founder of this publication.
Speaker A: Interesting. Yeah, interesting. So I do think there is obviously a lot of manipulation when it comes to bitcoin, specifically with this ETF stuff, I'm sure tons of, because we're now talking about massive positions, traditional finance sized positions, playing around with this. So there's going to be, and it's so easily manipulated that you'd be crazy not to if you had the power. You know what I'm saying? So, yeah, this doesn't shock me, but, yeah, I think we'll see. I'm interested to see what happens after approval, but I'm more 50 50 on what it's going to do to the price of bitcoin, especially in Q one. I am long term, obviously long term, bullish on the price of bitcoin, but q one price action, I'm really, I would have said down, but now I'm a bit more hesitant to say that.
Speaker B: Interesting. So, okay. And I guess, like, so how are you playing this here now?
Speaker A: I mean, I'm not playing bitcoin charts at all. Why? A, I don't want to. I don't like, you know, I have my bitcoin. I have ethereum. Where I like to play around is, again, just more in low cap stuff. I don't. Because of, you know, I just explained how shitty I am at trading meme coins and how I've depleted my little. My bag of soul. I do not want to do that with bitcoin. So bitcoin and ethereum, those bags are just stuffed. I just don't play with them as much. I do have, obviously, altcoins on the Ethereum blockchain that I have positions in. But if I'm going to play around or gamble, because longing, bitcoin is definitely more on the gambling side or shorting or whatever. And I honestly just dont want to look at the charts all that much. Ive already lost probably seven years of my life looking at charts over the last two weeks. So I just dont want to do that with bitcoin. Im long term bullish. What im doing with bitcoin right now and with Ethereum is as we navigate this cycle and if and when we reach new all time highs, Im in the camp that we will see new all time highs. I have a number in my mind for bitcoin specifically. And once we are at the, what I think is the top of that bull market, that super euphoria, there's new entrants in. We grow the overall crypto market, total market size, dollar size, to multiple trillion dozen tens and tens of trillions of cryptocurrency liquidity. What I'm going to do is I'm going to take that bitcoin and take that ethereum and a good chunk of it I'm going to put into a USDC or a tether and then wait for that major pullback. So that's the, when I do stuff with bitcoin or with ethereum, it's usually that, it's like, okay, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna trade on the way up. I'm gonna wait till I think it's the very top. I'm gonna take a pretty good sized position out, put it into a stable coin, and wait for it to drop to a price point that I like. In theory. In theory, that's what I'm gonna do.
Speaker B: I mean you've, I feel like you've done that well in the past, no?
Speaker A: Yeah. Yes. I've done that semi well in the past. Yes. So hopefully this time I've learned a few more things and I'll do a better job of it. But it is definitely a learning, there's a learning curve to it, but that's how I trade the big caps. So like a theorem and bitcoin, it's have my position, wait till I think it's the very, you know, you're in price discovery, and then at a certain point where the euphoria is at a fever pitch, let's take a good chunk off of the table, put that into a stable coin, wait for that major pullback and rebuy and do it all over again.
Speaker B: Interesting. I see. I think I agree with you totally, I guess. What's your outlook on that timeframe? Do you think it's Q one, Q two, do you think we are and I guess. What's your opinion on the ETF in general?
Speaker A: So I think the ETF's going to get approved. We're just at a point now with the amount, with the market cap of bitcoin. It's a legitimate, it's a legitimate space. It's been legitimized over the last ten plus years now. So there are trillions of dollars in cryptocurrency right now. That's big. That's a big number. I don't know what the current market cap for bitcoin is. I'll tell you that right now. Just under a trillion just for bitcoin. So 838 billion market cap. That's huge. That's massive. So it's a legitimate place for big money to trade. So I do think it's going to get approved. I don't know what that timeframe is going to look like. It seems like it's going to be in January at some point, but that could change. But as far as where I think we're going to see price discovery for bitcoin. Personally, I don't think that's happening until Q four of 2024, I think. I was listening to Ledger's show and they were saying the all time high for bitcoin has always been, I think they said 200 days or 200 some odd days after the having was the new all time high, which I think currently the halving is set for April of this year. So 200 days after that would be, I think, like Q one of 2025. But I still think December 2024 seems pretty solid as well. So that's where my, somewhere I would say between November, December and then maybe Q one of 2025, I think, is where we see that new all time high price discovery action.
Speaker B: Really? So you think it's going to take all year?
Speaker A: I think so. I just think seasonality, what we could see as I'm looking at it now, what we could see is we could see a sell the news events for the ETF and maybe we get back down into that 36 $37,000 price point for bitcoin, maybe even lower. Maybe we see like 30k. Pardon me, I have to call.
Speaker B: Wow, I'm back. That's a long call.
Speaker A: Sorry.
Speaker B: You think so? You think we're going to dip all the way down to 30k? Are you playing it as that way?
Speaker A: No, no, I'm just holding. I'm just throwing out some. What could happen? So theoretically we could see a pullback in q one, could take us to 40k, could take us to then we start making our ascension back up. Maybe we see in q two. Maybe we see like $52,000 bitcoin pull back to 47 in q three and then maybe, and then again we'll see that rebound into q four. And then we start seeing all time highs in q four. I think that's what we could see.
Speaker B: All right. I'm into it. Gosh. Did we ever make predictions?
Speaker A: No. I have some wild ones, though.
Speaker B: All right. You want to do that in the last ten minutes?
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker B: I want to do a couple 2024 predictions for, I guess, bitcoin eth. Let's do Seoul. Those, those seem to be what's hot in the streets right now. Let's do that. And then what? You want to do some nfts as well?
Speaker A: I mean, we can. I just don't have a good grasp on nfts at the moment.
Speaker B: Okay, well, let's start where we're at. Or let's start with those tokens and then we can, I'll pick out a couple nfts while you're talking and I'll give you those.
Speaker A: Sounds good.
Speaker B: All right, so let's start with Seoul. So Seoul's hot in the streets. I don't even know the price right now is still up over 100. Probably not after today.
Speaker A: I think it rebounded back up over 100. I'm going to pull it up right now. It is currently $99.77.
Speaker B: $99. Okay. So I was, I was right. It is not. It is not.
Speaker A: It is not.
Speaker B: Yeah. Okay, so let's start there. Where do you want to go for Solana?
Speaker A: So end of the year Solana? I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say $200.
Speaker B: Okay. That's pretty good. Any reasoning?
Speaker A: I don't think we see all time high by the end of the year for Solana. But I do see a pretty, you know, I could see a pretty nice move coming up here.
Speaker B: I'm looking at NFT stats on opensea like the daily volume is. I haven't looked at this and so. Oh, no, sorry. Okay, nevermind. That is a, that's an hourly. Okay. That's much more approachable. All right, never mind. I take it back. I was, I thought I was looking at daily volume and I was. Holy shit. What are we even doing here? Okay, never mind. So you got $200? I'm gonna do, I'll go $175 will be my guess.
Speaker A: All right. If anybody wants to come up too and give their predictions, feel free. We'll write it down for posterity.
Speaker B: Yeah. We had a bunch of random folks in our last one, so I might as well.
Speaker A: Right? Yeah. I'm curious to see if there's any, like, super bulls or super bears in the. In the audience.
Speaker B: I like it. Okay. How about ethereum?
Speaker A: Ethereum. That's the really tricky one, to be honest, because as everything, you know, Seoul's made a massive move. I think Seoul was the top performer of 2023. Bitcoin was up significantly in 2023. EtH has been lagging. EtH has been lagging pretty.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, it really hasn't made its move at all yet, which tells me.
Speaker A: I think it's due. I'm going to say end of the year. I'm just pulling. Oh, my goodness. This is a beauty. I'm going to say end of the year. Eth price, $5,000.
Speaker B: Stop.
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: And that would be a new all time high.
Speaker B: It sure would. By just a bold move, cotton.
Speaker A: That's a bold move, man.
Speaker B: Okay, so you are uber bullish on.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think so. Yeah. I just. I feel like everybody's been doggin eth, and I feel like it's, you know. Cause it's. It's a 300 billion dollar market cap also. That hasn't done anything.
Speaker B: I do feel like Eth has lost a little bit of its shine. Do you. Am I just, like, drinking the kool aid a little too much there?
Speaker A: I think so. I think the narrative with Solana has kind of roughed up the beautiful facade of Ethereum, but at the end of the day, Vitalik's got that hog, and we're going to all time highs. That's all I can say.
Speaker B: I hate you so much.
Speaker A: Uh, I have to trust somebody speaking.
Speaker B: That needs of hog. Speaking of hog, are you still holding any peen?
Speaker A: I have a little bit of pee, and I have a teeny, tiny peeing left.
Speaker B: I gotta. I gotta tell you, um, I gotta tell you something. I. You're a national treasure to Canada, and nobody can take that away from you. I think you should be celebrated for your tweets. However, there were multiple times during this break in which I questioned your mental health.
Speaker A: Oh, it should have been questioned because I was not in a good place. I was literally. I was in cabin fever. I couldn't do anything. There was two children here to talk to my wife, who's pissed because she can't go anywhere for Christmas. And I had just a big old bag of Solana to trade chick coins with, and I was losing my mind. Like, I mean, I don't know what to tell you it was not a safe space for me.
Speaker B: Uh, I just. So wait, so you do still have some or you don't?
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, for the. Yeah, yes, I have some.
Speaker B: Peen for the meme. Is that what you're saying?
Speaker A: Peen for the meme. My friends are in it.
Speaker B: You're friends?
Speaker A: Yeah. Dumb and not so.
Speaker B: Oh, how did that go, by the way?
Speaker A: It didn't even go, like, in pure dumb fashion.
Speaker B: Wow. Okay, wait. First tell people who dumb is because I don't think our audience currently knows of dumb.
Speaker A: Dumb is an absolute beauty legend dating back to pre.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, prevent 2018. Yeah, he was. I would call him a pretty big influencer at the time.
Speaker A: Absolutely. Yeah, he got. He.
Speaker B: He was like, the big. He was. He was in the same breaths as, like, the bit lords and them at the time.
Speaker A: Absolutely.
Speaker B: Not as big of a following, but.
Speaker A: I think he was a guy as big of a following. He ended up losing his Twitter account and had to start a new one. Yes.
Speaker B: That's what happened.
Speaker A: Yeah, but, yeah, no, he was. I don't know if there's a, like. Just a sweet. Just a sweet guy who loved trade, like, loved being on Twitter, loved trading crypto. I don't know if there's a comp currently in the x ecosystem for dumb that some newer people might know, but just the best. Just the best. But the downfall with dumb is not a great. Not great when it comes to being on time. Reliability. He hosts the. He hosted the fantastic shitcoin talk YouTube channel, which were legendary. Like, they would have. They would have people on massive, massive followings would be on that show. They would do these, like, 24 hours marathon shows. I think you and I were on some of those as well.
Speaker B: Yes. And so you got invited. Yeah, got invited on to them to one this week.
Speaker A: I was going to join some. Some. Some heavy hitters and final minutes. Dumb had shit come.
Speaker B: Talk was basically up only in 2017.
Speaker A: Correct.
Speaker B: And 2018. It was like, where there wasn't a lot of people creating content. It was like the show.
Speaker A: It was. It was the absolute show. So anybody that was. Anybody was on that show, they once.
Speaker B: Did a 24 hours stream. That was the one that we were on. It was around Christmas time again. What, do they just spin it up once a year on the holidays now?
Speaker A: Well, I think that's what it was now. And then. Yeah, there was going to be a big show on. Was it Christmas Day? I don't know.
Speaker B: It was like one of the days after.
Speaker A: Yeah, like the 27th maybe. And. Yeah. Socal DM me. He's like, hey, you want to be on the show? I'm like, yup. And, you know, dumb is a peen community admin. Or like, I don't know. He's like, he's definitely. He's a big wig in the peen community.
Speaker B: I hate you so much.
Speaker A: So I'm like, well, let's. This is a no brainer. We're gonna. We're gonna get a big old bag of peen, and then we're gonna have, like, kobe buying, you know, market buying peen right on the show. It's gonna be terrific. This was my thought. And then, so I'm loaded up, and I dm socal, like, five minutes before. He's like, yeah, just, you know, just got a DM from Dom. We're good to go. Said, let me know what time you want to be on. I'm like, yeah. He's like, yeah, tell Bunchy, you know, to come on too. Like, okay. And then, like, five minutes later, he danced me back. He's like, yeah, we have to postpone. Dumb. Said there was an emergency, and then apparently did not get a response back for the rest of the day. And then it was. It slowly went from there. I haven't heard anything since. That was, like, multiple days ago.
Speaker B: Incredible. I mean, look. Yeah, exactly what you would.
Speaker A: I leveraged a lot of my positions in the peen ecosystem, I'll put it that way.
Speaker B: Wow, that's. Poor guy. I don't even know what to say.
Speaker A: We take our swings. We take our swings.
Speaker B: All right, so I'm gonna go with 4200 for ETh. All right, that's what I'm going for ETh. So, not quite as bullish as you, but I can. I can stay bullish. How about bitcoin? And then we'll save NFTs first for Friday.
Speaker A: Yeah. So bitcoin, as I pull it up here, bitcoin is an interesting one. I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go on a limb and say we do see all time highs this year. I think it's gonna happen. I see the problem is all time high is going to happen over the course of, like, a few days. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Right. It's going to be blow off top ish. Right?
Speaker A: It's. But I think it could be monumental. I'm going to go, is the tippy top going to be in Q four or in 2025? That's the real question. So I'm gonna go on a limb. I'm gonna say it's gonna be in Q four. And do you want to know what I think the tippy top of this bull cycle is gonna be? Because that's what I want to tell you.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: I think it's gonna be 215,000.
Speaker B: Stop it.
Speaker A: That's what I think.
Speaker B: That is officially your highest prediction ever on this show.
Speaker A: So whether it happens in Q four.
Speaker B: Or used to be, your all time high used to be around a buck 50.
Speaker A: I think we blow by a buck 50.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: I think we're. As soon as we get north of 65,000, over the course of, like, a month, we're going to go from, like, 65,000 to, like, 215k.
Speaker B: Wow. All right.
Speaker A: That's what I think. So again, the caveat. For the sake of this game, I'll say it happens in Q four.
Speaker B: Sure. But you're caveating with that could be.
Speaker A: It could be a little later.
Speaker B: Yeah. Either way, you're breaking all time highs at some point this year, it seems like.
Speaker A: I think so, again, unless this doesn't happen until a month into Q four. But my official position is the top of the market. The top of the bitcoin price in this market cycle or in this bull cycle will be just north of $200,000, I think, in that 215k range.
Speaker B: That's wild. I'm going to go. I'll just go with an even. Actually, man, I don't know. Let me. I will go with that. We touch all time highs. So give me, like, 69, 420.
Speaker A: Beautiful. I love it.
Speaker B: Yeah. Give me 69, 420, and then 420 for each. We'll keep it right on the memes for the sake of this conversation, and that's going to do it. If you want to be included in our projections, we're coming up on the end of this show, but join us Friday. Jump on up. Give us your projections for bitcoin, Ethan soul and anything else you got in there. Come show your Solana fraganas or whatever the hell's going on, and that's going to do it for us this time. But I'm, you know, Chamber. This was. This was fun.
Speaker A: Not fun. Wait till we look.
Speaker B: I like making money doing the show. It's the. All the other stuff that I don't like doing.
Speaker A: So what are those things?
Speaker B: Well, you've made it really easy for me. I don't do many of those.
Speaker A: Okay. I just want to see if there's anything I can take off your plate.
Speaker B: No, no. But the downside currently is the time slot, which is just, like, literally right in the middle of me being productive human beings. So that's like, I sometimes even forget that there's a show until you send a Spotify link.
Speaker A: Not fun.
Speaker B: All right, well, this was fun. I'm glad to be back. We'll be back again on Friday. Hit the reminders. Up top, coffee with captain all week they've got a bunch of guests this week. They had an awesome one with golden wolf and doodles today. They had ponds and the frogs yesterday. Quirky's on Friday. I don't know who they have tomorrow, but check them out. Hit the reminders. Also, J. Webb, speaking of degenerate gambling, if you're looking for bunches tennis bets, join our discord. I did bet on tennis today, a lot of it. So there you go. I mean, my degeneracy is just as strong as yours. However, I'm playing games. I think I have an edge in your holding your peen and that's going to do it for us. Until next time, keep the mic hot.
