Speaker A: The point I'm making is, when you speak back to me, it is so thunderous in nature that, like, there is, there is a breeze that comes off of my speakers and just hits me gently right in the lips. Welcome to the mid mic crisis, where growing up meets goofing off. I am bunchu alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, chamber. Chamber. How you doing, buddy? Oh, that is just a magnificent. It feels. It just tickles in just the best way.
Speaker B: I'm doing good, man. I just got the kids home from school, went for a little. Little walkabout, clear my head. I gotta tell you, as I get older, nothing better. Nothing better to clear your head than a little walk around, you know what I mean?
Speaker A: Oh, man. I do it every day. As soon as I leave my office desk on 05:00 ish, I gather my children, my offspring, and I pack them up into a jogging stroller, and they sit side by side, and I go on a little four mile jaunt around my neighborhood that.
Speaker B: Oh, with the kids.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, I push them. I push them around the neighborhood 4 miles every day. That's how. That's how I've transformed this beautiful body into this. This less dough like mound of clay that you may know.
Speaker B: A dried outland ball of.
Speaker A: Yes. Right? So the. But I. And I will say, like, I love doing those walks. I. It totally, like, relieves me of the stress from the day, right? Like, I can now separate my work from, like, whatever, and I'm ready to, like, go and be. Go to dad mode after that. And if I don't get that walk in, I'm like a freaking monster to deal with. I feel like, so, like, days when it rains and I have to, you know, just, like, go right from here to upstairs in dad mode is like, oh, it's terrible. And so I bring the kids on the walk to give mom a little sanity, and I will say, like, as peaceful and nice as the, or, sorry, as stress relieving as the walk is from the work day, it is also a absolute boot camp in parenting. Like, I'm doing, you know, pretty rigorous exercise, walking around my neighborhood 4 miles, pushing 70 pounds of human child, and they're just, you know, pulling each other's hair, biting each other, kicking, throwing things out of the stroller, all while I'm trying to have this nice, peaceful, Henry David Thoreau style walk, you know?
Speaker B: Yeah, I might bring one kid with me, but, yeah, I couldn't imagine.
Speaker A: Bringing my oldest is now at the point where. So he's, like, waking up from a nap right around the time that I'm going and.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And he wakes up very cranky sometimes. And so now he's at the point where he audibly will tell me sometimes that he does not want to go on the walk. So sometimes I end up only having one kid, and that's much easier.
Speaker B: Which kid do you like the most so far?
Speaker A: Which kid do I like the most? It's hard to tell. There are such different parts of their lives. Right. So, like, you like, you like them each very differently because of where they're at in their development stage. However, like, I could definitely see having a favorite kid as they're older. Right. Like, when they're, when they're both, you know, similar developmental age. I can definitely see that maybe I would have a kid that I like more than the other. I don't know. It'll be, I'll have to fight. They'll have to fight for my love in an arena. I'm not sure which one it is, but I get it. I understand. Understand it. Did you know, speaking of, we talked about Deon Sanders the other day. Did you know he is very open and openly rates his children on a scale?
Speaker B: And how many kids does he have?
Speaker A: I don't know. He's definitely got.
Speaker B: Is it a funny amount?
Speaker A: I'm not sure if it's like an absurd amount, but I wouldn't be surprised if he had five or more kids because, I mean, two of them play on the college football team, so. Yeah, I mean, I'm pretty sure there's more of them. I don't know how many.
Speaker B: Yeah. What are the odds that both are that good at football, right? Well, like a hundred. A hundred percent of your kids are d one level football players.
Speaker A: Even the Mannings didn't produce that, you know? Exactly.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker A: I mean, when your dad's the coach, I guess, right?
Speaker B: Never hurts.
Speaker A: But he ranks his kids and he was actually just in a press conference and somebody asked him. So one of his kids returned or returned an interception for a touchdown in the game and somebody asked him if his kid moved up his ranking and he said yes. It was pretty funny.
Speaker B: There's absolutely power rankings now. I just have two kids, but I would say early on my oldest was my favorite just because we just spent more time together. When you have a newborn like that second one, they just spent so much time with mom that, you know, you're just, you just partnered up with your oldest a lot of the time, so they become your favorite. But then, you know, as the older, as the youngest one gets older, you're like, ah, this one, this one's a bit like, my youngest one's, like, a lot, like tougher and like, just a, just kind of more badass. The other one, the oldest one's kind of a puss a little bit, a little wimpy kid. Sometimes I like, sometimes I like my youngest daughter the best. But it's definitely a power ranking. It changes week to week.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, I think that's, I think that's fair. But, you know, it's hard. Like, I love my, like, my little, little one is so super cute and does a lot of cute things right now because he's only ten months old and you're just like, man, I, this is like the perfect age. And he doesn't talk back yet. And the other one is just, you know, great for a whole bunch of other reasons. Right. So it's, it's, you know, it's an interesting dynamic, but I definitely can see that when they're both of the same developmental age, I could see, you know, that power ranking fluctuating for sure, but yeah. So before we get into the meat of it here, I would be remiss if I did not remind you all of all the wonderful Degen network show content we've got going on. Today is Wednesday. That means no more content after us today. We've got Thursday coming up tomorrow, CWC Coffee with captain at 08:00 a.m. alpha after afternoons at 02:00 p.m. and D gen Bets before Thursday night football at 06:30 p.m. eastern. And as always, give us a little, like retweet. Help us share the room out. Subscribe rate chat bubble. Do we have a quick question for the chat bubble today? I think. I think we do chamber. Do you know?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, with the writer strike going on and all the shows being canceled, I'm running out of things to watch. So if anybody can give me, I'm.
Speaker A: Actually, I'm actually running out of things to watch also.
Speaker B: Yeah. So any movie and or tv recommendations would be terrific.
Speaker A: We also had one officially put in here. I don't know if it was by you or who, and they're of the same category, so I thought this one might be you based on where you went, but then you didn't go there. Who was your childhood actor or actress crush? So speaking of, that's a good question. I mean, there's so many good ones from when we were kids. Like the very first one that comes to my mind is the pink ranger.
Speaker B: Pink ranger was for real. A lot of people. Yeah, that was. That was. That was for. I'll tell you what, though. To this day, mine probably hasn't changed for, like, 25 years. Like, it's Charlize Theron. She is. I remember seeing her in some shitty movie with, like, Kramer and the other guy from dumb and dumber, and she played this waitress, and I immediately fell in love with her. And, I mean, I just saw her in a shitty Seth Rogen movie where she played, like, the president or something like that and was falling in love with the guy that looks suspiciously like me.
Speaker A: So was this AI written content personalized for you?
Speaker B: It felt like it was, but I. Yeah, I'm still smitten. She's. She is still.
Speaker A: I bet chat tbt. Could write you some really good charlize fan fiction for you.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, she. She does no wrong. Even when she is. When she got the Oscar, when she played, like, the serial killer, I was still into it.
Speaker A: I mean, that. That seems like something you'd be into more.
Speaker B: Yeah. I'm like, oh, she's super ugly now.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Spit in my mouth.
Speaker A: Get the fuck out of here. God. All right. Other. Other childhood crushes that could qualify for me would be, you know, the TGIF roster. I don't think saved by the bell was saved by the bell in TGIF.
Speaker B: No, no, it was its own thing.
Speaker A: She was up there.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And then Topanga.
Speaker B: I mean, Topanga was. Do you. I just found out. So there was. I'm assuming you saw some of the NSYNC stuff that's come out as of late.
Speaker A: I didn't, actually. I just was looking through your tweets for defend that tweets. And I saw an instinct reunion that I was.
Speaker B: Right. So Nsync showed up on the. At the VMA's the other day, and, you know, they're doing a new song for, I feel like, the new trolls movie. And then now there's. You know, there's rumors out there that they're gonna tour or there might be a whole new album. And so they've been in. You know, they've been in the media, and I heard that Lance bass dated Topanga in the nineties at one point. I thought that was an interesting little factoid, considering Lance doesn't get chicks anymore.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's true. Interesting. I wonder if that's just, like, if Topanga has a history of that, you know?
Speaker B: I don't know. Maybe. Were you a. Were you an nsync guy? Or, like, a backstreet boy guy or any boy.
Speaker A: I mean, who doesn't love a good boy band? I love him.
Speaker B: I mean, I'm unapologetic about it.
Speaker A: I love nsyNc, and Backstreet boys were obviously the number one and two choices there. You know, there's arguments to be made of which one is better. I was wondering, I think you throw, like, you know, a distant third to, like, 98 degrees.
Speaker B: Oh, see, I mean, I'm going, I would say, in the same tier. Boys to men.
Speaker A: Oh, I don't qualify them as a boy band.
Speaker B: Oh, they were a boy band.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I feel like it was the same songs. It was all. It was all.
Speaker A: You're right, I guess. But they just always seemed much older to me.
Speaker B: They were making love. They were making love.
Speaker A: That's what I mean. Like, you know, these guys are singing about, you know, breakups, and they've got music videos with, like, puppets and. And boys to men is telling me how they're going to make love to me.
Speaker B: Yeah, seduce me. But, yeah, no, I. You're right.
Speaker A: And you won't let me go till you tell me to, you know?
Speaker B: That's right. So at least they, you know, that's very affirming in these times. We have now. It was the nineties and the fact that they were letting go as soon as there's any sort of, you know, pushback.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: I feel like that's very, very respectful.
Speaker A: Boys to men. All about respect. That's what. That's what I've always said. I've always said that. You know what other one I used to like o town. You remember that one?
Speaker B: Were they from England?
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker B: I remember them, but I didn't listen to them that much. We had some. We had some interesting canadian ones, like, before four. I don't know if they made. I don't know if they made their.
Speaker A: Way into before, as in, like, before the number four.
Speaker B: Yeah, there was three of them.
Speaker A: Oh, okay.
Speaker B: But they made a song called if you get down on me, I'll get down on you. And it was a summer anthem in, like, 99, and it was all about going down on each other.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker B: And nobody seemed. Nobody seemed to think about that.
Speaker A: It was just regular o towns. One of their number one hits is called Liquid Dreams. Another one is called Baby. I would spell w o o d. Yeah, we fit together.
Speaker B: Oh, my goodness.
Speaker A: But my favorite one was all or nothing. That's probably the one you would remember if you.
Speaker B: I guarantee I would know some of these songs for sure. Like, I know pain.
Speaker A: Fire up all or nothing for the outrage by o town from 2001. The vocals are by Eric Michael Estrada, of course.
Speaker B: Really?
Speaker A: Oh, this was the guy, the heartthrob, the Jonathan Taylor Thomas, if you will, of o Town was named Ashley Parker angel. I remember this guy.
Speaker B: Oh, my goodness. I was another fun. I'll give you a fun little tidbit of my boy band experience.
Speaker A: You were just tickling my lips. I apologize.
Speaker B: So when I was like, five or six years old, new kids on the block were, you know, very big.
Speaker A: New kids on the block had a bunch of hits. They did make me sick. I think it's why when girls stop by for the summer.
Speaker B: For the summer. So I had this neighbor, she was a little bit older than me and she was big into them. And she, you know, she was. She was like, oh, I like, you know, I don't know the name. I forget the names. Joey, I think that's one of them. And she went to the local store. We lived in this little town and the photography store actually made t shirt prints. So you could, like, go get a t shirt made and have whatever you want put on it. So she went to the store and got like, I love Joey, new kids on the block t shirt. Okay. So I'm like, I like Jordan, who is one of the new kids, but I'm like, in my head, at five years old, six years old, I was just like, I know I don't love them, but I'm like, I like them. So I got a I like jordan t shirt. And my father, unbeknownst to me, I remember bringing this up. Like, in my. When I was in my twenties, I was an adult man. And I'm like, I remember getting this t shirt and he's like, yeah, I threw that thing out like a week after you had it.
Speaker A: Oh, my God, that's so funny. Amazing.
Speaker B: Isn't that crazy?
Speaker A: Yeah, that's fantastic.
Speaker B: That might have been the eighties. I think that was the eighties. Like late eighties, early nineties.
Speaker A: What a. What a great topic to start to show with. We went from celebrity crushes to boy bands, which is just amazing. Show recommendations from rook. Peaky Blinders. I feel like you've definitely already watched that.
Speaker B: I have. No, I haven't watched that one.
Speaker A: Oh, you gotta watch Peaky Blinders.
Speaker B: There it is.
Speaker A: You would like. And he also says warrior on HBO. Max, I don't know that.
Speaker B: The movie. I don't know because I have seen the movie warriors.
Speaker C: No, no, it's a tv series.
Speaker B: Is it about like, is it like the same?
Speaker C: No, no, it's different. It's more like a martial arts type thing.
Speaker A: Oh, you know, with warriors and such.
Speaker B: Well, I tell you, there's this movie called Warrior with. Yeah, no, exactly. That's like a Marty Tom Hardy. Thank you, pain.
Speaker A: And it's like an on it today.
Speaker B: All over it. I think me and pain actually talked about this before, and there's a. It's basically a rocky MMA movie as much as you like Rocky or as one would like Rocky, which I loved growing up. It was as good like, it gave you the same rocky sensation. Highly recommenda warrior with Tom Hardy.
Speaker A: Interesting. All right, so back to the comments here. Let's stay on celebrity crushes. We've got rook saying the pink ranger was every guy of our age first crush. I think that's probably accurate. And then Payne says Keira Knightley or Blake Lively. Sorry, Payne, but you're no Ryan Reynolds.
Speaker B: That's. They have a type, and it's only one person.
Speaker A: Back to the show recommendations, sugar. Shane says suits has been treating him well since we're out of shows, too. He says it has eight seasons ready to rip. That is a key determining factor when deciding on a new show for me. What about you?
Speaker B: Well, I would say eight seasons is a lot. How many episodes per season are we talking?
Speaker A: Doesn't matter. The whole point is that you don't, for me, at least, you don't want to start a new. Your problem is you're out of stuff to watch. That is true. When you want to start something new, even if it's a hot show, like, if there's one season that's. That's going to lose out on a ranking, to me, to something that has multiple seasons, because the whole point is, I need longevity in my life. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: I get that 100%. I would just say if it's, like, one of the shows I really liked that. I kind of stopped watching after a while was a show called Supernatural, and I want to recommend it to everybody, but it's like, 17 seasons and 24 episodes a season that are an hour long. Like, it's impossible to watch. I felt that way watching. I just rewatched lost again. I'm like, it was six seasons.
Speaker A: And, like, lost is quite the investment.
Speaker B: It's a lot of shows. Like, it's a lot of shows.
Speaker A: And there's, like, 20 episodes a season.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: 20 season. Cause it was, like, peak, like, television, network tv, where that's what you did. You had, like, I don't know if you know, like, remember this? But, you know, we're talking the office. A couple weeks ago, halfway through this, the series, they turned to like, hour long episodes, 40 minutes episodes. Did you notice that?
Speaker B: Yes, I did notice on my last.
Speaker A: There'S like two seasons in which all the episodes are 40 minutes. And I thought that was pretty interesting. So, yeah, that's like Peak network tv ages, you know? So, yeah, so that's, that's what we got going on in the comments. By the way, I pinned up top for our friend Dow Jones. He's having a pudgy penguins NYC meetup September 20 and September 22. Two for one. There is a huddle dinner at Thai 72 and pudgylicious and pudgy penguinos. Interesting. So if you own a pudgy and want to hang out with Dow Jones, which I highly recommend you do, hit them up via that tweet chamber. Where should we, where should we go from here?
Speaker B: I don't know. We need more, whatever we do.
Speaker A: Shane says 16 episodes per season, 30 to 40 minutes. 30 to five to 40 minutes episodes.
Speaker B: Was that for peaky?
Speaker C: For suits, I can say it's a pretty good show.
Speaker B: I've watched most of suits, I would say. I think I watched, like, you're a.
Speaker A: Media connoisseur, it seems. I didn't know this about you.
Speaker C: I've watched a lot of content over the years. I once watched loss all six seasons in a summer, in four weeks.
Speaker A: That that is. I love that. I've done that many a time in my history. I think the show that I could put a calling card on, like that would be the Sopranos. And this was back when blockbusters were still around where you had to go and rent them and you had to rent them by season.
Speaker B: I would get them as stocking stuffers.
Speaker A: Yeah. And, like, some of them were like multiple disc seasons. But I remember being home from college. It was either my freshman or sophomore summer, and I just ripped through the Sopranos in like two weeks. The other one I did that with was Dexter at the time. Same. Might be the same summer. Honestly, I had a lot going on that summer.
Speaker B: You know, it's good content, that is.
Speaker A: But anyway. All right, let's move on. The news. The news. Let's get to the news chamber. I had some big news. I pinned up top today in the AI space, specifically around creative, generative AI. Did you see this tweet that I posted about Dolly three?
Speaker B: I'm pulling it up now. I'm looking at it. All it says is, this is massive.
Speaker A: Yes. Because it is, and that is the demo video. So if you go to OpenAI.com Dolly three, you'll find they released an announcement today about their new generative AI image model. So for, I would say the leaders here so far have been mid journey, obviously, and then stable diffusion as an open source model that you could kind of build upon and plug and play with their API. And then there's been a whole bunch that have spun up off of this stuff, like Leonardo and things like that. And Dolly has been around. Dolly, I think, might have been the first out of all.
Speaker B: I think it was the first one.
Speaker A: I'm not sure if stable diffusion or Dolly was first, but one of them was, if not stable diffusion, it was Dalli and vice versa. So Dall e two just kind of like got blown out of the water by mid journey. And like mid journey has been the go to, I think, for most people since. And Dolly's kind of lagged behind. And today they announced Dolly three coming soon, they're saying in October. And if you go to this website, you can kind of see all the details, says Dolly two is much better than Dolly three is much better than Dolly two. At creating images that closely follow complex props prompts. For example, Dolly three can accurately represent a seen with specific objects and the relationship between them. Dolly three delivers significant improvements over two when generating text with an image and in human details like hands, Dolly three creates engaging images by default, no hacks or prompt engineering required. Super interesting, it sounds like it also says Dolly three is now in research preview and will be available to chat GPT plus and enterprise customers in October via the API and in labs later this fall. So the API thing is really interesting too here, because there's no mid journey API, and they've said multiple times that they don't have one coming. So this could be a huge differentiator. But the thing that kind of blew my mind here on the website here they have an example of a prompt that they are saying can get very complex scene related prompts like bustling sidewalks, miscs with like a woman standing at a corner stall, fiery red hair, dress, and it produces something perfect. And of course, I'm sure that was messed with for this example. But there's then you see the video that I have up top, and this is super cool. So it's built natively on chat GBT, which lets you use chat GBT as a brainstorming partner and refiner of your prompts. Just ask chat GBT what you want to see in anything from a simple sentence to a detailed paragraph and then you can kind of see how this thing iterates in the video above where you're kind of just telling it what you want. It's producing an image. You can make changes on the fly. Really, really interesting stuff. So basically the other thing that this is, without saying it is, is, it means chat GBT is most, is multimodal now, right? Like exactly. It's only been text and now it's not only text, but it's text to image, which will probably soon give way to text to video. And all within this one product, which is really interesting. We haven't seen a lot of products that can do that yet. And the API thing makes it super, super fascinating to me. So this is the big news of the day, I would say, in AI. What are your thoughts here? Chamber, you're a recent mid journey fanatic. What say you about the announcement of Dall E three?
Speaker B: I mean, this looks amazing. Like you said, the first thing I thought of is being able to put your thought into chat JPT and then have it create the prompt for you, which I think is very interesting. And being able to manipulate that and then putting that into Dolly three and generating the imagery. Like that's, that's interesting.
Speaker A: Well, you don't even have to leave chat DBT exactly. Do it for you as a plugin. Right? So like what's, what's really interesting? It's like if you watch this video, it goes through this story of like a parent talking about their kid wanting to see a hedgehog named Larry. And it like produces the first thing, or it produces this hedgehog with a sunflower. And then the next prompt is like, oh great, my daughter wanted to name it Larry and she wants to see Larry's house. And it shows. The next iteration is like the hedgehog outside of a house with the word Larry written on a mailbox. And so it's like, oh, that's very interesting. It can do text, it can iterate like that. It's very, very, that's a powerful tool. Somebody in my comments on this tweet that I put out, actually it was our good friend John everyday John in the past. Now he's just John D web three. He says, whoa, where was this during the bull market? Could have come up with a nice ten k collection. Totally right. Scott Foo on my same tweet says upload to Amazon ebooks right when you're done, which is totally true. Like you can kind of create your own children's book here with this example that they gave you. So I don't know. I'm super excited about this. It's a space that I kind of live in every day now with Hive three and all of that, so I'm very, very excited to see this come out and even more excited to use it.
Speaker B: No, I think this is going to be next level. I just feel bad for my kids teachers that won't even know what hit them with some of the projects we'll be able to put together. Like, even Amber the other day, she's working on her. I. She's becoming a yoga instructor, and part of the course she needs to create just. I think it was, like, six or seven different programs, and I'm like, oh, no problem. We'll have it done in an hour.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. Did you tell her that's what led you to the championship? Hello.
Speaker B: She's aware she doesn't listen every episode, but she did listen to that one. She knows the power of AI, and honestly, AI has been powering our show notes every week now going forward since the.
Speaker A: It's only a matter of time since this entire fucking day till this entire thing is AI, and it's not really me. I've already demoed the fact that it's getting pretty close to not even having to be me. I'm not sure the AI can properly portray the level of disdain that I have every time I come to this show, but the. You know, we'll see. It's. It's the worst it'll ever get. You know, at some point, it'll be able to properly understand the feeling I have every time I show up.
Speaker B: It's terrible.
Speaker A: Does that hurt your feelings when I do that?
Speaker B: No. My feelings get hurt every day by worse people than you.
Speaker A: Okay. If it does, I'll stop. But I enjoy the bit, so I love it. I'm kicking it to you. We're going back to crypto news. You threw this one in the show notes. I feel like you're the proper person to talk about this, so go for it.
Speaker B: Yeah, our guy. I mean, we talked. I think we talked about it.
Speaker A: Not really our guy.
Speaker B: No, not. Not our guy. No, no, not our guy. Friend of the show bit.
Speaker A: Boyden. I wouldn't even call him that.
Speaker B: I know. I wouldn't be there, but he was on one of our shows, and we did know him years ago, but has since taken a different path. And a couple of weeks ago, I'm pretty sure we spoke about it. But one morning, the hit network, which was the network his show was being produced on, showed up and he was no longer a part of the team. And it was, you know, it was awkward. I think he brought a lot of eyeballs to that network. And this morning, last night, put out a video asking his fans and followers to help fund his legal account. I thought this was a, you know, a page right out of the Donald Trump playbook, which. They're probably similar types of people following bitboy is my guess, but I'm curious. I was just about to pull up here. I don't know if you already have it up. You're a smart guy. I wanted to see how much was in this account so far.
Speaker A: I saw this morning that this morning, literally, during coffee with captain. So we're talking a good eight and a half hours ago. It was at 34 eth.
Speaker B: 34. I think when I spoke with. With pain today, I think he said 15. So that's wild. It is currently.
Speaker A: Maybe I didn't see the right. I don't know. You tell me.
Speaker B: It's currently at. Yeah, almost 37 eth.
Speaker A: There you go. Wow.
Speaker B: And. Oh, sorry. 37 eth, but also 12,000 tether token. Yeah. No, pen token. Yeah. There is $12,000 worth of tether. There's $3,500 worth of USDC. There's some pepe 100, and almost $200 worth of pepe.
Speaker A: Should we send him a degen token?
Speaker B: We should send him a degen token.
Speaker A: Yeah. And be like, hey, look, you can. You can join our community and we'll help you, you know, get all that money.
Speaker B: So he's got roughly seven. Almost $77,000 worth of crypto in that way.
Speaker A: Absolutely fucking ridiculous. I mean, am I wrong or.
Speaker B: No, no, not wrong. It blows my mind. Could you imagine if we really wanted to, you know, take advantage of this community?
Speaker A: I feel like, no, I mean, it'd be so easy. It's kind of gross to think about, right? Like, with the amount of crap that's some people get away with and the willingness to, like, of people to let them go back to the. Well, it's like, you know, it's really crazy.
Speaker B: Yeah. So it's my recommendation, if you're on the fence about donating to his legal fund, my recommendation would probably. Would be to say, don't do that. Yeah, this guy probably has stockpiles of. The guy's made some money.
Speaker A: Like, not only that, but he's just like. I mean, I think by all accounts, a terrible person.
Speaker B: Seems like it. In his video, he had to say, oh, I lost my Lamborghini.
Speaker A: Yeah, right.
Speaker B: The plight of the everyman, of course.
Speaker A: Don't worry. Yeah. I cheated on my wife with this plastic thing. I don't know.
Speaker B: Yeah, who knows? It's, it's really, you know, and you gotta imagine he's probably just, deep down, probably just a guy wanting to make some friends and, you know, it got, it got away on him, you know? Got away.
Speaker A: Sure did.
Speaker B: I feel that way about, like, people, like, like trump and stuff. I'm like, the guy was just, wasn't hugged enough, like, by his parents, you know, it's just. And I got away on it.
Speaker A: People are saying, they're saying I give the best hugs. They say my hugs are squishy. They say they're soften. They say, they, they say that they're just like the softest hug of diplomacy and, and just, just Maga. Make America give hugs again.
Speaker B: You know, they're a little moist.
Speaker A: Very moist. People tell me, people tell me, Donald, you give the moistest hugs. They say they're so moist, you know.
Speaker B: They'Re a little bit more. That guy has permanently got a glow on, you know what I mean? A little bit of that, that fine layer of sweat.
Speaker A: They're moist, and they leave you just like a tad orange, you know? You know, like when you hug, you know, an ant or something, and they leave a little makeup on you. That's, that's definitely what happens.
Speaker B: I thought you were talking about the insect for a second. I'm like, what? Like, I don't hug ants very often, to be honest.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, no, sorry, aunt. Yeah, no, I'm with you.
Speaker B: I say aunt as well, but my mind went directly.
Speaker A: Do you, like, is that a. Is that a thing? Is my.
Speaker B: I think aunt is like an american.
Speaker A: Is it a jersey thing? Because it could definitely be a jersey thing.
Speaker B: I know. Like, I'm thinking, like, I say aunt, like my aunt Marie or my. You know, like, yeah, I say aunt for sure.
Speaker A: Okay, so I'm not, I'm not weird. I need a pain ruling on this. Pain. Is, is ant root weird? Or I. Are you an aunt guy?
Speaker C: Um, I am an aunt guy. Honestly. I wonder if it's like a race thing. Honestly plays into it.
Speaker A: Oh, interesting. So are you, so you've always been an aunt guy, not having to do with your location or anything. It's like a family instilled thing.
Speaker C: Correct. Aunt or auntie?
Speaker A: Auntie. Yeah, the auntie. I'm. So we say auntie like, I have Auntie Laurie, Auntie Ronnie, you know, Auntie Michelle and so interesting. I'd be willing to be curious to see in the chat. Are you an auntie or an auntie or an aunt or an aunt person? I don't know what the cutoff or delineation between them. Maybe you're right. Pain. I don't know. That's what I was going to figure out.
Speaker C: How are we going to delineate what they actually mean? If you think it's ant, spell it.
Speaker B: A n t. Yeah, o n t.
Speaker A: And use an ant emoji like the Internet. And if you say use the like a woman emoji and we'll know. There you go. All right, chamber. We're going to one of America's favorite segments, not just mine. America has spoken. This is no doubt their favorite segment. We're going to defend that tweet.
Speaker B: Going at the defensive end.
Speaker A: So I've got a couple here for you. I've got to pick which ones that I like the best.
Speaker B: I try to give you a good. Since you put me on notice a couple of weeks ago, I'm like, okay, I was really that first one.
Speaker A: Well, I could tell you were eager to get to some of these because you pinged me in the chat today and said, bunch, you feel free to go grab some tweets. I'm not really sure that's how this works.
Speaker B: The reason for that is I couldn't find any other thing interesting to talk about, so. And I'm not going to grab my own tweets. So that was just giving you the option.
Speaker A: Got it. Okay, well, here's the first one. This has, this has actually truly been sticking with me ever since I read this tweet on 917 2023 from earth with 184 views and three likes. Let's see who like this. This is my favorite part, seeing who liked your content. Your wife.
Speaker B: Nice.
Speaker A: One of my very good friends that is just a podcast listener that doesn't know you in real life and is not part of the web three space but listens to our show shout out Corey and something called whichever ft. I don't know what this is, but that's who. Like this tweet. Thunder Core.
Speaker B: Corey's not. Sorry. Corey is not a web three person.
Speaker A: Not as much as you would not like in the space. As hard as we are. I got him involved in top shot way back in the day.
Speaker B: Okay, I didn't know that.
Speaker A: I believe that is the only nft. He might.
Speaker B: But he's a friend of yours?
Speaker A: Yes. Real life.
Speaker B: I think I follow him as well. I just.
Speaker A: Do you remember when I sent you when I got married. And I sent you a picture of someone at my reception or after party wearing a wrecked podcast shirt. Yeah, that was Corey.
Speaker B: Love Corey.
Speaker A: Shouts to Corey. Yeah. And, okay, so this tweet says, hold on. It says, thunderstruck by AC DC and home alone were released in the same year. Now you won't be able to stop thinking about it. I find this impossible.
Speaker B: Impossible. Okay. It. It shook me to the core almost in the same way.
Speaker A: Would you say you were thunderstruck?
Speaker B: I was thunderstruck. Okay. This was. We were playing a trivia game, Amber and I, and it was like, guess the year.
Speaker A: Wait a second. Hold on. I need to know if you're actually playing a trivia game or if this is just how you dictate if she can speak with you now.
Speaker B: No, no, we were actually.
Speaker A: I thought you, like, might have taken the new format home with you. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Speaker B: You have to answer.
Speaker A: Yeah, in order for her to speak with you, she must answer.
Speaker B: Trivia should be down. We do love trivia. So we were. I think we were just like a tick tock trivia thing where we're just, you know, going through and it's. And they. You get little tick tock content creators on there that are. That do strictly trivia. So we're, you know, we're doing it. And I'm. This is a music one. I'm exceptionally good. We're both exceptionally good at name band and the year of release. Okay? So you get, like, a little bit of the song and then, I mean, I can get within. If I'm not getting the exact year, I'm getting within one or two years. Okay. And the question was, you know, it was thunderstruck by AC DC and Amber was like, you know, I think she said, like 82. And I'm like, I think it was before that. And I'm like, I think it was like 79. And then the answer shows up, 1990.
Speaker A: And in my head and I'm like.
Speaker B: No, no, no, no. This guy had it wrong. So I. Sure enough, I go on my phone and I go to the Wikipedia page and it's 1990 and my entire universe collapses on itself.
Speaker A: This is like Mandela effect thing.
Speaker B: 100%. The same feeling I got with the Sinbad genie movie is exactly how I felt when I real or when this new universe that I currently live in has the AC DC song Thunderstruck released in the same year as home Alone.
Speaker A: I can't even believe it.
Speaker B: What is happening?
Speaker A: No, I can't believe it. It got no comments because people could not actually comprehend what you were saying. They thought that there's no way this could be possible, so they didn't even bother commenting.
Speaker B: I think I'm not wrong. Right?
Speaker A: Like, you felt like, oh, no, it's.
Speaker B: If you were to guess, like, if. Had I not told you that, like, what?
Speaker A: I would have guessed. I would have guessed. Early eighties is probably what I would have guessed. Like, I actually probably wouldn't have been too far off from Amber's answer.
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. So it's just. It's unbelievable.
Speaker A: I thought you were about to tell me that I got the date of home alone wrong, and.
Speaker B: Home alone came out in 82.
Speaker A: Yeah. You're like, home Alone came out in 1979. I'm like, what the fuck? Holy shit. Oh, my gosh. All right, that's a good one. Next one up. I'm taking full offense on this. Was sent 916 23. Also from Earth. You gotta mess around with that location.
Speaker B: I don't know what that is.
Speaker A: Yeah, it might have a problem. It might be why your tweets are not visible. Because, you know, there's too many people on Earth. How are you supposed to win 7 billion people? Yeah. You're fighting with all of them. This got 1007 views. Congratulations. Yeah. Big win in the middle of the afternoon. So something to note. I, uh. My man advice, Colin, if you're over 25, stop wearing your hat backwards. And then you have the pointing emoji right at me, right in the face.
Speaker B: You.
Speaker A: This. This got ten likes from your wife, who must just have you on nodies on.
Speaker B: She helps. She likes to support. She knows the pain and struggle.
Speaker A: I go through the umpire whisperer. Max flow, zero, two. Rook liked this one. V squared. Like this one. Charlie Banana, feel goody good. Like this one. Chad GPT, fantastic handle. Why didn't you take that? Jake liked this one. Steve liked this one. LG do set like this one. So there are. There is some. Some gentlemen out there support for. For this tweet. I responded as someone currently wearing their hat backwards, they take offense to this. I am actually wearing my hat backwards right now.
Speaker B: Oh, my God.
Speaker A: Yeah. And so.
Speaker B: And pizza slicing the mic right now.
Speaker A: Yeah, I just. I'm a full. I'm a whole vibe right now. Like, the. The total person that nobody wants to be around. So I think the only thing I need is to actually, like, take this out in public, like, on a public transportation system and be talking on speakerphone with my hat backwards and pizza slicing the phone. You know that person?
Speaker B: Oh, I know that person.
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. So, like, that's the only thing worse than what I'm currently doing. Right. So yeah, defend this one. I mean, I think it seems you have pretty good support on this one, so maybe I need to defend it.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I think it really comes down to, I see a lot of, a lot of dudes out there, you know, in their 30, like, you know, very similar age to you bunch, you know, in their thirties and forties, and they got their hat on backwards, looking like they're twelve years old, hanging on to the youth. Okay. And I think they're resting on their laurels a lot. In some of the, I think some of the back and forths I had, you know, people were saying, you know, somebody said like, I think it was v squared, maybe some, some along the lines of like, oh, bearded bald guy given fashion advice. And my retort to that was, I have to make an effort. I can't just rest on my laurels of youthful good looks. You know what I'm saying? I have to make an effort. I have to look like a debonair gentleman when I leave the house. And I think a lot of backwards hat wearing people are just resting on their, on their youth looks.
Speaker A: I'm also wearing sweatpants.
Speaker B: You got to, uh, you got to stuff it up, man. You got to stuff it up. I'm okay with sweat. I mean, you're in the house, I'm saying don't leave.
Speaker A: Yeah, but I would leave the house like this. That was why I chimed in, because I would leave the house like this if I had to go somewhere. Like I'm not like, you know, and I'm talking like running an errand. Like if I'm going to the store, I'm not talking about like going out to dinner, but like I would, I.
Speaker B: See a lot of dinner eaters.
Speaker A: A lot of dinner eaters.
Speaker B: Yeah. With a backwards hat on.
Speaker A: So, well, I mean, you know, I have, I have dinner hats specifically.
Speaker B: That's fine. I, dinner hat.
Speaker A: I'm all for my dinner hats are my dinner hats are the cabbie hats. There's, it adds a level of class. You don't, I don't wear those backwards. Very rare, very often anyway.
Speaker B: But unless you're doing a Samuel Jackson impression.
Speaker A: Right, exactly. Yeah, I got it. That's exactly right. And um, motherfucker, do you have, that's what I say to server. And, uh, does Mars Wallace look like a bitch? Yeah, so I have a, I have a dinner hat, of course.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: But yeah, I'm a backwards hat wearer now. I will say I've told this story, I think, on this show. If I have not, you will hear it now. My son, my two and a half year old, he's very in, like, the mimic, the mimesis type of age, right, where he wants to do everything I do. And so he's a hat wearer, and he's got a couple hats. First of all, he. His lid game is so strong.
Speaker B: It's tight. Nice.
Speaker A: Oh, it's so good. It's so good. It's better than mine. Like, I wish I could wear his hats because, you know, like, that's the kind of hat game he's got. But. And I wear a hat so often that if I am not wearing a hat, he will yell at me until I put a hat on. And he will say, dada hat on. Dada need hat. Dada hat. I'm like, all right, grandma. All right. So then I'll go and put a hat on. And lately, I've just been grabbing a hat, and I, like, put it on backwards or whatever, and he tells me to turn it around.
Speaker B: Oh, my God.
Speaker A: Can you believe this?
Speaker B: I can't. I can't.
Speaker A: This morning, he did it to me. Just this morning, he followed me into the bathroom, made sure I grabbed my hat, I put the hat on, and then he goes, no, turn. He goes, other way, dada.
Speaker B: Sorry. So just to click, just to be clear, he's asking you to put it frontwards, correct?
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Okay. Yes. I mean, did you tell.
Speaker A: Next time, tell them correct. From backwards to frontwards.
Speaker B: Next time, you tell them. Uncle Chad would be proud.
Speaker A: Well, it's why I'm bringing this particular tweet up today in a segment, because I first read this a couple days ago, and I was like, oh, you know, screw you, chamber. You know, like, who are you to tell me how I wear my hat? And then my kid says it, and I'm like, you know, maybe chambers onto something. So I think I'm gonna be a hat forward guy in public from now on. I'll retire the backwards hat in public settings.
Speaker B: I'm not an.
Speaker A: I do think, like, you know, you could still get away with a fitted hat backwards, like the Ken Griffey junior look.
Speaker B: What are we listening to, limp Bizkit on the way to the grocery store? What are we doing here?
Speaker A: Hell, yeah, I am.
Speaker B: I would say.
Speaker A: You said bullshit.
Speaker B: You know, I would say if somebody had mentioned they were, you know, mowing their lawn, obviously, that's fine. You make a quick stop, you go to the star, you know, go through, drive thru Starbucks. You know, there's. There's no rules. Okay. I've done some terrible things in the, you know, in the drive threads, but I'm saying, if you're out for the day, you know what I mean? You're out for the day. Let's try to put together an ensemble that doesn't require you to have to wear a backwards hat. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker A: Some ensembles do require that.
Speaker B: There is. There are. But I'd say that's not for going out for the day.
Speaker A: All right, all right, look, you and my son are now the hat. The arbiters of my hat life. And I will, uh, I will leave the house with hats forward from now on. Thank you for your service. I guess this is the first time I've lost one of these. Defend that tweets, I think.
Speaker B: And, hey, when I got g money.
Speaker A: On my side, I've had to capitulate. Wait, who's g money?
Speaker B: Your guy.
Speaker A: My kid. I thought you were talking about any of the various websites. Three g's.
Speaker B: There's only one g money in my heart, man.
Speaker A: Yeah. All right, last one here. This one is from 915 23. Only 168 views. Pretty rough. 12:56 p.m. so it wasn't even, like, was that weird of a time of day? You only got two likes on this roughenous. One was from your wife. I love it. Really? And one was from our friend Vince. So this tweet says all men who order their steaks rare are also wearing shoes that are at least one size too big. Defend this one.
Speaker B: So I'm glad that Amber liked this one, because I definitely ran it by her first. I'm like, is this funny? Because it's funny in my head. And I was just thinking about. I'm always thinking about men that are insecure, okay? In general, I feel like a lot of men are walking around the world just insecure in their own skin. You know what I mean? That's where a lot of the toxic masculinity stuff comes out. The backwards hat stuff. This is all insecurities, okay? And, you know, I try to.
Speaker A: Backwards hat makes me insecure about not.
Speaker B: You, but I'm just speaking in general.
Speaker A: You're gonna throw the blanket statement out there. It applies to me. But I don't. What insecurity am I having here? Because I need to know. You might be right.
Speaker B: Um, maybe the insecurity of getting old, um, hanging on to youth. I don't know. Those are off the top of my head.
Speaker A: Maybe I'm definitely not consciously doing it. Like, I'm very aware that I'm old.
Speaker B: Yeah. So what was I saying? Oh, so I asked her. I said, I said, in my mind, people that order steaks rare at the restaurant are also just being insecure. Right. They want to seem manly. And then I thought I'm like, it's also manly to like, if you're like, a size nine, okay. Like, a true size nine to say you're a size ten. Kind of similar to, like, if you're like, 511, maybe say you're 6ft tall. You know what I'm saying? So I'm like, it was funny. It was a funny thought that all men that order steak rare are also just walking around with shoes slightly too big, just so they can tell people I order my steak rare. And I, you know, I'm a size.
Speaker A: You know, whatever size I'm looking here right now. How, first of all, how old do you order your steak?
Speaker B: Uh, medium.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's my typical go to. Also, however, I. I will every once in a while go for a medium rare because I'm not really enjoy, uh, I enjoy more on the rare side steak. I don't think I've ever ordered just rare.
Speaker B: No, it's because you're.
Speaker A: But yeah, my hat or whatever to my therapist. I don't know the. By the way, this show is brought to you by betterhelp. But the idea, like, I will eat, like, what do they call it? What's the, what's the gazpacho version of meat? The raw cold pate carpaccio, I think is the word.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, you're right. I carpet show where it's like, it's cooked in, like, the vinegar that it's in or whatever.
Speaker A: Right. And. But it's raw, right? Yeah, but I will order that. But I don't know if I order steaks raw very often. I will do a. Or not raw rare. I will do a medium rare every once in a while.
Speaker B: I feel I'm the same with. I'm with. I'm with you on that one. Medium or medium rare.
Speaker A: Okay, so. But I am looking here at a pair of crypto kicks irl that I used to send you. And they are. I have two sizes here. Three total boxes, two sizes.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: One is a six and a half.
Speaker B: Yeah, those are my real ones that.
Speaker A: I was gonna say, that's a shoe of somebody who's. Who orders their steak well done.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And then I've got a two pairs of 13.
Speaker B: Those are the ones I tell people I wear.
Speaker A: Yes. Exactly what I'm getting at. And you're probably actually, like, an eleven and a half.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm a nine. I'm a nine. But I will walk around and clown shoes all day.
Speaker A: That's exactly right. You're like, no, no, me and Shaq wear the same.
Speaker C: Wait, wait, wait, wait. Is that a genuine. Are you genuinely a nine?
Speaker B: No, no.
Speaker A: These are his 13s that I've gotten in my.
Speaker B: Yeah, the six. The six and a halfs are ambers.
Speaker A: Oh, my gosh.
Speaker C: You got her some too. Now, does that not scream in. Never mind. We'll go with.
Speaker B: I don't know. What does it. I don't know. What does it scream? Pain. You can't just do that. You gotta say it.
Speaker A: I think pain is saying if you wear these crypto kicks irl, you are insecure as well and hanging on to your youth.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, I'm insecure. Yeah. Like, I don't make it seem like I'm not insecure, but I'm insecure about everything. Everything. I just. I tried to lean into it, but my, you know, Amber was. She saw your. The text you sent me the other day about a sale of these crypto.
Speaker A: Kicks, by the way, that turns out, I believe, looks like a wash sale.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think. I think you're right. I think it was a wash trade, but nonetheless, she's like, how much are these things? And now she's hesitant to wear them. Them.
Speaker A: Yeah, I was gonna sell mine immediately, and then I looked like it was a wash sale.
Speaker B: Yeah, she's. She was hoping that she would have divorce lawyer money with these shoes.
Speaker A: Not for you, but, like, first for somebody else.
Speaker B: Yeah, enough. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
Speaker A: Just in case. Yeah, just in case. All right, that was. What do you think of that show? Rate it on a scale of 110?
Speaker B: The full show?
Speaker A: Yeah, the full thing.
Speaker B: Ten out of ten, man. Ten out of ten. When I can shit on toxic masculinity and all the, you know, getting everybody all riled up about wearing their backwards hat. That's for the record.
Speaker A: Not everybody. Just me. Yeah.
Speaker B: No, but there's people listening right now that are just fuming.
Speaker A: I don't know. Half of our audience liked your tweets.
Speaker B: That's good.
Speaker A: Far outnumbered on this one.
Speaker B: Well, you know, I feel like the way I feel. You have enough. I wouldn't accuse you, because I've seen your fits through the years, and in my opinion, you have enough style that, you know, you can. You can get away with a lot of fun.
Speaker A: I don't leave the house often.
Speaker B: That's exactly.
Speaker A: That's really what it is. You know, look, how many guys do you know have a dinner hat?
Speaker B: Not. Not many. Not many.
Speaker A: That's right. And that's, for the record, not one that I eat out of. Like, that's called a helmet. That's called a helmet. Or in my house, a bowl.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: The dinner hat is a hat that I wear to dinner establishments, you know?
Speaker B: I love it.
Speaker A: That's it. That's it. This episode is entitled Bunches Dinner Hat. Thank you for showing up. Until next time, keep the mic.
