Speaker A: Look, you know, you guys can't sit here day after day and talk about what kind of songs you're picking and that you're picking them for me and not expect me to vibe with one every once in a while and get my groove on, you know? Welcome to the mid mic crisis. I am Bunshu alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, Chamber. Chamber. It is a Friday. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: It's Fr. It's not just any Friday. It's Friday the 13th in October.
Speaker A: That's me being spooky.
Speaker B: I'm fucking terrified.
Speaker A: 13Th in October. You got any plans to, like, murder tonight or what?
Speaker B: I already got one in the books.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker B: You know, which is, you know. Yeah, I like to get my murdering done earlier in the day.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Kind of like. Kind of like going to Costco, you know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yeah. Murder in the morning. That's.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker A: That's our morning show. Yeah.
Speaker B: So just a quick show.
Speaker A: Tagline is killing it.
Speaker B: That's true. Um, I mean, I gotta know.
Speaker A: I can't. I'm a little sad that only five people listen this show because, you know, sometimes we just bring the fucking heat.
Speaker B: Like I said, last show, man. Like, this is. I put our show up against.
Speaker A: Wait, is the last show you promised?
Speaker B: Never. No, I said on the last show that I would put our show up against any. Any comparable style show.
Speaker A: Yeah. I just wish that, like, we had some sort of audience. No. Well, theme, so that we could go create an audience. Instead, we just decide we're just gonna bullshit all the time and we don't have any. You know, there's nowhere to go, actually build an audience. We're just like, hey, come listen, talk.
Speaker B: So it's so funny you mentioned this, because yesterday I was. I'm always tweaking. I'm trying to figure out a way to hack the Apple podcast and Spotify algos. Like, how can we appear in more.
Speaker A: You know, I use chat GPT for this. I bet you it would be able to help you.
Speaker B: I use chat GPT for a tweet today through the mid mic crisis account.
Speaker A: Look at you. Give me the most mid tweet you can think of.
Speaker B: No. You want to know what it was? Create a Halloween themed viral social media poll designed to engage a male audience between the ages of 25 and 45. Poll can only have four choices.
Speaker A: Wow. I saw your poll, too. So that's pretty good that. I mean, it did a pretty good job, I would say.
Speaker B: That's all I was. I was just looking for content and it provided it to me. I can.
Speaker A: Before we keep going, I'm just going to get, I'm going to get the housekeeping stuff done.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Okay. Because I want to get to the pump. That chat bubble question of the day. But definitely make sure put that poll, poll up top because we could talk about this poll.
Speaker B: I'm really shook by the results. No, by the image that's currently in the chat bubble or in the jumbotron.
Speaker A: We talk about that, too. Hold on. But so first of all, pain. Frantically typing in the show doc to make sure that I understand what day of the week it is. Respect pain. Don't forget to tune into all of the wonderful Djenan network content we've got. Today is a Friday, which means tomorrow is a Saturday. So kick it off with Saturday morning cartoons at 10:30 a.m. followed by Sunday. Djen bets the morning Edition ten to twelve. Get your fantasy DF's and betting needs out of the way. And then Monday, coffee with captain 08:00 a.m. mid mic crisis, alpha afternoons, night shift, the whole nine yards back on Monday. Give us a like and a retweet. Help us share the space out. Help us get an audience that we don't even know who they are. Subscribe, rate and review on the podcast side. Recommend and share. Tell people that we talk about just random stuff. But here's the quick question of the day. Since it is Friday the 13th, since we are a little in the Halloween mood, get in that chat bubble and tell us what you could. Tell us one of two things today. What was your favorite Halloween costume growing up like when you were a kid? What was your favorite thing you ever were or what was the most embarrassing Halloween costume you ever had? Chamber. What's your answer to either of those?
Speaker B: So I do have an answer for both. My favorite Halloween costume was a homemade ninja costume. I want to say I was probably seven, six or seven years old.
Speaker A: Now, this ninja was not of the turtle variety, was it?
Speaker B: No, no, this was an authentic japanese ninja og. I feel like I grew up in the absolute pico top of ninja. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: You bought the ninja top?
Speaker B: I was, yeah. I was definitely like, 1983 was the, was, was the target for all ninja marketing.
Speaker A: I feel ninja marketing just hasn't been the same.
Speaker B: It has not. It has not. Yeah. So that was my favorite, my most embarrassing costume. I, it was, it's, it's more, it's not the costume that was embarrassing, but what happened to me, that was embarrassing. So I think it was like a. Like a. Like a ghoul, you know, like a ghoul.
Speaker A: Like a ghost Charlie Kelly Ghoul.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker A: Okay. Yeah.
Speaker B: And I. I was mid trick or treat. This is, you know, fifth, I think the fifth grade. So how. I don't know, maybe like, ten years old, and I go trick or treating. I'm with some of my friends, and there was a little bit of a height discrepancy between me and my friends in my early years. As I got older, it was much less of an issue. But early days, it looked weird. And this lady refused to give me candy because she thought I was too old to be trick or treating. And I was more. I was devastated. I never went trick or treating after that. So, like, I. But that was ten. I think ten was the last time I went trick or treating.
Speaker A: That's a good question. When is the. Like, when do you think your kids are too old?
Speaker B: I would say, like, twelve should be the last year you go trick or treating.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker B: But you're talking to a guy that was shamed out of it, so I kind of hate trick or treating and anybody that enjoys it.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, I mean, I'm. I think I disagree with that. I'm about. I would say, like, you can trick or treat until you're. Until you're, like, a junior in high school.
Speaker B: A junior? What's that? Is that third year or second year?
Speaker A: Junior is the third year.
Speaker B: No, I would say direct correlation to masturbating. Whenever that starts, you got to stop trick or treating. I feel you got to give up one for the other, you know? That's a fair trade. That's a fair trade, I think, in my books.
Speaker A: No, why should I have to choose one or the other?
Speaker B: I constantly do it after eating candy to this day, so even.
Speaker A: This is why we don't have any listeners.
Speaker C: I don't even know what's going on right now.
Speaker A: Payne, what's too old to trick or treat?
Speaker C: I thought you were going to ask me the other thing. Probably 1615, something like that.
Speaker B: Okay. I could be sold.
Speaker A: 16 is what I said. That's about.
Speaker B: I think if you're shaving, you can't be trick or treating.
Speaker A: Shaving? What, like, your face?
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, yeah. If you have, like, a little mustache, you can't be trick or treating unless you.
Speaker A: Unless you go as, like, you know, someone or something with Pedro.
Speaker B: Like, unless it's like a pedro.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Napoleon dynamite buddy costume.
Speaker A: Right, right, yeah. All right. Off the rails already. Does anybody have a good Halloween costume down in the comments. Let's see. We've got.
Speaker B: Hmm. What was your favorite?
Speaker A: So I've got two from, like, early childhood that were my favorites. One was ninja of the turtle variety. So I was a re, I was a repeat ninja turtle for quite some time.
Speaker B: You can't go wrong with a classic.
Speaker A: Yeah, I was a repeat of a ninja turtle. The other one that I was both as a child, and then I ran it back as an adult, Waldo.
Speaker B: Oh, really?
Speaker A: Yeah. I think that's a pretty good one.
Speaker B: Yeah, I agree. I did have an adult. Like, when I was a grown up, I did go Amber and I went as Owen Wilson and Bill Murray from Life Aquatic. I don't know if you're familiar with that Wes Anderson movie.
Speaker A: I went as life aquatic. I went as life aquatic people in college.
Speaker B: Really? That's amazing.
Speaker A: College roommates were the life aquatic crew.
Speaker B: Great costume. Under underrated costumes.
Speaker A: Fake glocks.
Speaker B: I had real ones. We went completely authentic.
Speaker A: So my favorite comment so far comes from bird Spy. Both favorite and most embarrassing. Had a childhood obsession with the people on Melrose Ave who were in the hare Krishna religious movement dressed like this in third grade for Halloween in 1987. This is incredible.
Speaker B: That's great. You don't see the Hare Krishna's too much anymore, I don't think.
Speaker A: No. I mean, certainly not on Halloween.
Speaker B: No, no. It's frowned upon. Now, you can't. You can't in this, in this climate, you can't go as a religious, you know, religious people. It's. It just, it's just not seen, you know, that you can get away with that in eighties. Did you say 87?
Speaker A: 87, yeah.
Speaker B: Oh, you could get away with so much in 87.
Speaker A: Yeah. It's a different world like that. Just a different world. I can't even believe it, but all right, we got some Halloween themed stuff going on. We'll go through the poll. We'll go through. I got some. Would you rather, as we were talking about them last time for you, but unrelated topic, and this is what I have a bone to pick with myself and just see if I am in. I don't know how to feel about what just happened to me this afternoon. So people are telling me that, hey, look, you should leave the house. It's a human thing to do. And I'm like, no. Today I was like, you know, I'm gonna, I got a two hour gap, 2 hours between the time I got off a call and the time this podcast was supposed to begin. So I was like, great, I'm gonna go get my wife and I a Starbucks beverage and I'm just gonna run out into the cardinal and I will go, it'll be 1520 minutes back and forth. I'll still have another, you know, hour and a half to get some work done before the podcast. I walk out of my house and my lovely, very, very lovely neighbor, his name is Ron, across the street comes out and we just happen to be there at the same time. I haven't seen Ron in weeks. Ron is 83. And so, you know, I go to the drive end of the driveway, I'm saying hi to Ron. Ron starts walking over to me and I'm like, uh oh. Because, you know, this means we're going to get into a conversation and normally I don't mind, right? And like, I'm totally down to chat with Ronnie. He then invites me into his house to give me a bottle of wine, which I don't drink. But I'm sitting here at this dilemma of like, okay, I don't want to be a dick and tell him I gotta go and not accept his gift that he's about to give me and, you know, invite into his home. But I also, like, don't want to go. I did. I went and I, I, first of all, lovely humans and get into the house and I don't really see his wife very much, but I go into the house and his wife is standing at the kitchen counter and she's smoking a cigarette in their house and she's drinking a glass of wine. And so my trip to Starbucks ended up being a 45 minutes visit to Ron's house. And then I finally get back in the car and go to Starbucks and just traffic everywhere. So I got home.
Speaker B: Absolutely.
Speaker A: I got home ten minutes before this podcast started. And so I'm just like, pissed that I lost that 90 minutes of, like, work that I had to get done time. And I also, like, what is the proper etiquette for this? Because, like, I wasn't technically in a rush, really. Right, right. But so, like, should I have, like, did I do the right thing and accept the invite and, and I'm just dealing with it myself on the back end? Or, like, should I have told him, hey, I can't go right now?
Speaker B: No. I mean, the man's 83. He doesn't have many more impromptu visits left. So you do have to go. I think you did everything.
Speaker A: Next question is, should I have accepted the bottle of wine or should I have said, no thanks, I don't drink. And now here's the thing. I feel like it's no skin off my back to let him give me a bottle of wine. Right?
Speaker B: Correct.
Speaker A: Even though I'm not going to do anything with it. So is that the right move? Or should I have said, because then what he did was me a glass when I was in his house and that I had to turn down, but I blamed it on. He'd already given me the wine, so I'm holding the wine, and he's like, do you want a glass? And so I blamed it on, no, no, I got to go back and get on a call, rather than, oh, I don't drink. As he's. I'm holding the bottle of wine he's given.
Speaker B: Oh, you don't even drink. That's right. You don't even drink.
Speaker A: No, I don't drink at all.
Speaker B: So you did everything perfectly. I would have done every. As much of an asshole as I am, I would have done everything the exact same way. You go in, you talk, you accept the wine. Those are all the right things to do. You know, you can always re gift the wine or, like, I don't drink that much, but, you know, it's nice to have a bottle of wine in the house for. Yeah, you know? Exactly.
Speaker A: You know, like, yeah, you get.
Speaker B: You can do what you will with the wine now that you have it. But what I would say is, you cannot make those asshole moves in the moment. You really need to build just, like.
Speaker A: Bitch about them on your podcast later.
Speaker B: I mean, that's one option. What I do is I am consistent with my attitude to my neighbors that I never get invited.
Speaker A: So much so that you don't get invited in.
Speaker B: That's what you need to do. You need to make sure you build.
Speaker A: Your reputation that that's a guy I don't want in my house.
Speaker B: Bingo.
Speaker A: I see.
Speaker B: If, for whatever reason, I had failed at doing that and was, you know, invited in, you got to do it. Like, I didn't do my job properly. Yeah, you know what I mean?
Speaker A: My normal avoidance of this and not that I want to avoid it normally. I am all about it. Like, if this happened on non working hours, my problem is, like, I already feel like I never have enough time in the day to get what I need to do done. And so, like, I'm now just upset with myself that I lost this time. Hanging out with Ron and Janice was very lovely. It was delightful. I learned about their whole family tree. I got to see pictures of his great grandfather or of his grandfather that had 14 kids and was a coal miner. Like, I got the whole experience, like, I got the whole experience. It was delightful. I just didn't have time for it. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: No, I. Like I said, man, I think you did all the right things. That's what you have to do. If you. If you don't want those things to happen in the future, you just got to start making small choices.
Speaker A: Well, my normal avoidance is I don't leave the house and today, so you.
Speaker B: Need to make subtle acts of aggression towards your neighbors going forward. Small, very minute call.
Speaker A: So, like, all right, I've. Well, I've already had. I've already knocked over his mailbox since then.
Speaker B: Yeah, you need to walk by, so a couple of little things. A little tips that I use. Okay. Walk by them. Just because they're outside, you know, tending their lawn doesn't mean you have to talk to them. Sometimes I walk by and I don't even acknowledge them, letting them know, hey, I don't really care.
Speaker A: My blood. I can't even. I can't even think about doing that. As, like, that is something I would never do. This is why.
Speaker B: But sometimes you do. Sometimes you do, though, so it makes them feel good. Like, I would say one out of five times. You sit, you stand there, you talk. You know, you talk your 510 minutes, and then you move on.
Speaker A: Well, that's normally what it would be, right? And then I was not. I wasn't expecting the. The invite into the home.
Speaker B: Right. So I'm saying, 80% of the time, you need to be ignoring everybody. Like. Like, seeing them, you know, and not acknowledging them at all. 20% of the time, acknowledge them. Because then that way they'll call you. If people break into your house or, you know, your house is on fire or something like that, they might call nine. You don't want them to be completely irritated by you. You wanna. You wanna just dangle the carrot a little bit, you know what I'm saying?
Speaker A: Yeah. It's not my typical go to. I get it.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, it's funny. You and my wife are very similar in that way. I give her all of the. I'm like, here are the tools you need, and she just refuses to use them.
Speaker A: That's just why I'm asking you, because I. I'm not sure how much of this advice I'll take, but even if I, you know, take one of these things away and it saves me from one invite, a calendar year, I think this. It's worth it. This is not a knock on my neighbors. They are very lovely. It is a. An exercise in inconvenience. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: But I've been. I mean, hey, I'm not perfect either. I've been in those scenarios, but there's literally nothing you can do in the moment. It's all about preparation.
Speaker A: Yeah, I guess that's true. I was. I was unprepared for today's event, but. All right, well, I needed your take on that, and now we can move on. But that was I was dealing with this afternoon. Steve. Nft bark in the comments favorite and most embarrassing costumes. So we got a two for one whammy here. Also a ninja turtle. But we didn't have a lot of money, so my mom made it out of cardboard boxes and yarn. I couldn't fit through doorways, and it barely qualified as a ninja turtle. It sounds like a Minecraft version of a Ninja turtle. Like this, just this big boxy thing with a band.
Speaker B: I love how it was cardboard box, which is obviously a very normal, you know, do it yourself costume material, but yarn is the one I wasn't expecting.
Speaker A: I'm getting. The yarn was like the bandana or.
Speaker B: Like a, like a knitted, like a knitted eye, like, eye mask.
Speaker A: Oh, you said Ninja turtle. I thought you said knitted turtle. We've made a huge mistake. Knitted turtles.
Speaker B: That's a five star podcast right there.
Speaker A: That sure is. Yeah, teenage muir. Knitted turtles. There we go. That's great. Terrible.
Speaker B: I have nothing to add. No notes.
Speaker A: While we are talking about Steve, I would like to direct your attention to the jumbotron, where that big, beautiful mug got put on a billboard in Times Square today, which.
Speaker B: Is that for real?
Speaker A: That is for real. That's absolutely for real. Steve is in New York City, I believe, with the Vfriends crew, and they put together a community event. And as part of that event, they put the people who went to the event on the time, on the Time Square billboard. So this is. That was real. So if you were in Times Square today, you could have seen this beautiful face in 4k, like, 30ft tall chamber. I mean, this is a pretty cool thing. Like, when are the. When's the next time you're ever gonna have your face on a billboard? I'm more likely to have it on a wanted poster, but, you know, this is pretty cool chamber. What would you advertise if your face was on a times square billboard?
Speaker B: This podcast? I have no idea. I would be.
Speaker A: Then a scratched out is ending soon, mid my crisis podcast.
Speaker B: I mean, Steve's a handsome guy. Like, he deserves to be on a billboard.
Speaker A: Yeah, like, I would. I would just, like, put that face shot like, that headshot on all product billboards like that. It's just handsome. You'll sell product that way. Specifically, I think I like guys who.
Speaker B: Wear Abercrombie and fits. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker A: Yeah. I'd take her if I had one wish, because I think it's why girls stop by for the summer.
Speaker B: I love this picture so much. It's great. You know, I'm so proud and happy.
Speaker A: For Steve that I am, like, wondering what exactly the photographer's direction was when they took this.
Speaker B: Oh, let me see.
Speaker A: Do you think, like, the creative direction here was, like, more Adam's apple?
Speaker B: Maybe? Could you. Is there any way you could maximize your Adam's apple?
Speaker A: Yeah. Like, or even better, if it was Steve asking. The photographer is like, hey, you know, I'm really insecure about this one thing. Do you. Do you have any suggestions on how we can really accentuate the Adam's apple?
Speaker B: Yeah, just. Just look behind.
Speaker A: Yeah, just look like you're facing one way and then looking a totally opposite way. And that's how it goes.
Speaker B: I love it.
Speaker A: Do you think that's an AI generated Adam's apple?
Speaker B: I won't be able to do the show anymore.
Speaker A: Okay, I'm done. I'm done, Steve. I'm just busting the chops. This is an amazing picture. I should throw up my headshot from when I was fat. Holy crap. It's now being used everywhere from a forum three. It's on our website. It's on product hunt. It's on all these places. And it is just like me at, like, peak fact. And I am very displeased with that headshot, so I am going to have to get a new one. I don't know if I have the Adam's apple to use Steve's guy, but, like, if I do, I'm going to use whoever did Steve's headshot.
Speaker B: I love it. I love it. If we're nitpicking Adam's apple, I mean, the guy's got to be good looking, right?
Speaker A: That's what I mean. That's the only thing you could point to picture to make fun of.
Speaker B: Oh, it's too much, but it is cool. It is cool because, like, yeah, like, Steve will always be able to say, like, hey, this one time, I was on a billboard in the middle of New York City, and that's a very cool thing.
Speaker A: Hell, yeah. That's so cool. And so we finally got Steve to. We finally coaxed him up here. I don't think Steve has been up here and since we, well, his Adam's.
Speaker B: Apples here, we're just waiting for the rest of Steve.
Speaker A: We finally got Steve up here. I am most excited to have Steve up here because I don't think we've had him up here since we've instilled the trivia, installed the trivia rules. So, Chamber, would you. I promise I won't give Steve Seinfeld trivia because it's just not going to be fun to do that. Chamber, do you have a trivia question for Steve and Steve Gm?
Speaker D: Gm? Yeah, no, I came up one time because there was a trivia question I was helping someone else with at one point, so I was up once, but I think you were. You're off the show. But I will hold any, any comments and thoughts until I get my trivia question because I want to abide by the rules.
Speaker A: All right, Chamber, hit him with it.
Speaker B: It's just loading. Sorry, I apologize. I didn't have it ready to go. I updated my computer and it's being wonky with me. You know what, Steve? I'm going to go easy on you. We're going to do a horror movie related trivia. Okay.
Speaker D: This is gonna be tough. I'm not a big horror movie fan, so I'll do my best. Yeah, we'll try that. We'll try.
Speaker B: Okay. Um. Okay.
Speaker A: Either way, though, I feel like we can't kick them off now after all we just put them through. Okay.
Speaker B: Once I. Okay, I got, I got it up here. I won't ask you more. Okay, here we go. This one's for you, Steve. Not horror. Mo, not horror movie related. This is just general knowledge football related. NFL football. NFL footballs are made out of which material?
Speaker A: Ooh.
Speaker D: This is a good question because it used to be, it used to be actual pig skin. But I think it's. I think it's leather now, right?
Speaker B: Technically, yeah. And it's cowhide is the answer. But I feel like that's leather.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's leather.
Speaker B: Yeah. I feel. I feel we're taking. Sure.
Speaker A: Would you have accepted pigskin as a correct answer?
Speaker B: No, I wouldn't have.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker B: Yeah, definitely cowhide or leather.
Speaker D: No, I just. Two things I want to do. Number one, I want to spit out kind of a hot take. And number two, I like, like, that might have been the funniest thing. Like, you've said a lot of funny things. I think Bunchy was. I think both of you are actually two of the funniest people I've ever met in my life. When you said, when you. The very deadpan direction of, like, more. More Adam's apple. I'm not kidding. Like, this is something that has never happened to me before. I literally spit out my coffee laughing. Like, literally was taking a sip of coffee and it spit. And it is on my hotel room floor. Like, that is how much I was, like, dying laughing on that. So.
Speaker B: And this was. This was after teenage mutant knitted turtles.
Speaker A: Oh, dude, I'm on fire today.
Speaker D: Like, I chortled at that one. And then I was like, haha. And then I, like, go to sleep. And then when you drop that line, like, that is, like, maybe the funniest thing. So, one, I wanted to, like, I had to give flowers where that was due. I mean, that was, like, classic. That's classic comedian joke, right? I mean, that was like improv. Classic comedian two, actually, the photo was taken by Jeremy Cowert, who's actually a really solid nft.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. No, not fair. That is. That is truly a profession.
Speaker D: Yeah. So. So he was. He was at VCon, and one of the utility for owning one of his pieces was he would do sort of, you know, a photo sesh with you. And so he took. He took that. Several photos of me. And so that's one of them. Third thing I want to throw out for consideration, I want to get your take. You went down the summer girls track, okay? And you. You started saying the lyrics to that. I've had this hot take for a while, and you have to tell me if I'm wrong. I think Billy Joel's we didn't start the fire is just the summer girls of the 80. It's completely fucking random. It's just because a bunch of boomer like males are like, billy Joel is the best, because he can sing songs that I don't feel like a pussy if I listen to him, even though they're soft. Like, I feel like he gets away with that. But I think it's the summer girls of the eighties. It makes no sense. It's pure shenanigans. Thoughts.
Speaker A: Chamber. I want to let you handle this one. I feel like you might have thoughts on. We didn't start the fire, so I.
Speaker B: Agree 100% with that. Have you heard Steve the upgraded?
Speaker D: Do you not like it? I think it's good. I like the fallout boy one.
Speaker B: It was. Yeah, it's fallout boy, right? Yeah, yeah, I liked it. I mean, I liked it as much as the Billy Joel one, which is to say it's. They're both fine. They're not my favorite songs, but, yes. No, I agree 100% that boomers hide in certain songs because, you know, they don't want to admit that they love boy band songs. But in fact, all of the musicians from the eighties are boy bands.
Speaker A: We're very boy band positive podcasts. If you listen to any of our shows in the last month, you might have gotten that we were really into boy bands here on the show. I mean, it was a huge part of our childhood, boy bands, especially, like, you know, my age chamber. I don't know. Are you too old for boy bands?
Speaker B: No, I'm also of the age of boy bands.
Speaker A: Okay. I had the new kids Pokemon, and I asked you if you were alive during the Civil War.
Speaker B: Jesus, it feels. Steve's up here. Steve, were you like, am I alone here? We're both the same age. How close were you to Pokemon?
Speaker D: Very little. It was after me. Yeah. We are like, we are separated by months. In fact, I think your birthday is in February, just by my wife. So you're almost identical age to her. I think you're like, are you, like, the middle of February ish?
Speaker B: Yeah. Right at the end.
Speaker D: 23Rd. So you were two days younger than my wife, and so. Yeah, and we're the same age, so. No, that's the thing about Pokemon. I completely missed it, but my. My son has gotten into it, so by proxy, I've started to kind of, like, learn a little bit, but I was like ninja turtles, little bit of thundercats when I was a kid, and then I just ended up in the Saturday morning sort of shows of like the saved by the bell and that sort of stuff like that. That was me.
Speaker B: I felt the same way. How much did you like the one show that I watched that I felt like, oh, I'm too old for this. But I watched it a lot. Was mighty morphem power.
Speaker D: So this is identical. So I actually watched it because of my younger brother, who was into it. So he was six years younger than me, and he watched it. And I'm like, I did the thing where I'm like, yeah, I'm watching it. How stupid is this? That's pretty cool. You know what I mean? You do the thing where you're making fun of it, but then you're cut. It's the thing that you do with your kids when you have young kids and they're watching a show and you walk past the tv and you're kind of keeping an eye on it, you're like, this is kind of entertaining, but I'm not going to allow myself to. That's what I do with Power Rangers, if that makes sense.
Speaker B: Absolutely. Yeah. No. Okay. I don't feel that. Yeah. So the Pokemon thing resonated with you 100%.
Speaker D: And then, like, to the point of the Power Rangers thing where I remember when we were visiting my grandpa one time and they were doing the Power Rangers movie, I'm like, I don't want to go. I'm too old. Oh, my. And I was like, just being a cool, like, whatever, eleven or twelve year old. And I absolutely, thoroughly enjoyed it.
Speaker B: Yeah. Okay, cool. All right. That checks out. That checks out. I feel better now.
Speaker A: Well, I guess, man. I mean, it's just funny how, like, how small of a window things of.
Speaker B: Absolutely two years can make. Two years can make a huge difference. Like the difference between twelve and 14. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Is. Is, you know, gargantuan sometimes. You know, I mean.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's crazy.
Speaker B: I just wanted to use the word gargantuan.
Speaker A: Yeah. Gearing up, firing up a couple of the comments in the chat bubble monkey zoo. Says, I put this one up top.
Speaker B: I love.
Speaker A: He says, not sure I'm enough inside the group to post this, but I was laughing so hard about the Adam's apple.
Speaker B: Have you seen this movie?
Speaker A: No. I don't know what it is.
Speaker B: So this is, I think, one of the most underrated comedies of the last 20 years. This is called. I think it's called movie 47.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: And it's. And it's a bunch of, like, little mini movies in. In one movie that's probably, I don't know, ten or twelve of them, but it. It's devastating. Like you. It's one of the funniest things I've ever seen.
Speaker A: I'm gonna have to check it out.
Speaker B: I feel like it came out found.
Speaker A: On Netflix and stuff.
Speaker B: No, it's like a movie. Like, I was like, I think you could find it on, like, Amazon prime or Netflix.
Speaker A: Oh, God. Sorry. It's not on Netflix, but it's on Amazon prime.
Speaker B: Oh, I thought you said. Sorry. I thought you said YouTube. Sorry. Netflix. Yes. Sorry. Sorry.
Speaker A: All right. Your strategy about your neighbors is correct, because we're not trying to be friends, but if one of my neighbors ignores us, they're dead to me. So it sounds like that strategy would work in Rook's neighborhood. Stoop says, I was right after yours. Nft bark. So I'm guessing stoop had his picture up on the billboard as well. Hopefully ample Adam's apple going on for stoops. Picture up there as well. Congrats. On the billboard stoop.
Speaker B: He's got apple envye.
Speaker A: I don't know how you don't. You know, it's tough. All right. You want to do some Halloween? Would you rather?
Speaker B: I sure would.
Speaker A: Okay, here we go.
Speaker B: Now, we can do this the easy way or we can do it the hard way. The choice is yours.
Speaker A: Would you rather spend a night in a haunted house or a haunted forest?
Speaker B: Great question. Great question. I think I've actually spent a night in a haunted house.
Speaker A: Well, you almost bought one.
Speaker B: I almost bought one. I think. I think a house, because they're both haunted, but you get a bed in one of them, so I think that's better. You know?
Speaker A: Do you know who Lizzie Borden is?
Speaker B: I do know who Lizzie Borden is.
Speaker A: Oh, wait, so sorry. That's not the one that's in New Jersey. But you can actually, like, stay in the Lizzie Borden house now. And then the other thing in New Jersey there is the camp that I think Friday the 13th was filmed at.
Speaker B: Really? I did not know that.
Speaker A: And I think you can. I think it's Friday 13th. That's Freddy Krueger, right? Friday 13th.
Speaker B: No, that's Jason. But Friday the 13th does have the camp.
Speaker A: No. Then it's Friday the 13th and that's in New Jersey. Yeah.
Speaker B: That's awesome. Yeah, Freddy Krueger. I don't think there's any, any of the movies have a camp. I think it's only camp Crystal Lake is.
Speaker A: Yeah, Freddy Krueger goes to camp. It's like the earnest movies, buddy. Do you remember the earnest movies?
Speaker B: I was just watching a clip of Ernest scared stupid last night, and I went on Amazon prime and I almost bought the bastard for $20. Wow, it's close. I came close. Have you watched an earnest movie lately?
Speaker A: No, but I used to watch them all the time when I was a kid. Specifically Earnest saves Christmas, I believe it was. So then there's a Halloween one as well. And then there's like, Ernest goes to maximum security prison.
Speaker B: These are all great movies. Like, they. They are so good. I watched Earnest saves Christmas, like, within the last couple years. It holds up so well and it's so funny.
Speaker A: What's the dog's name?
Speaker B: I don't remember. What's the dog name?
Speaker A: But they hold up. You're saying they hold up?
Speaker B: It was so good and so wholesome like you really?
Speaker A: I don't remember. I haven't watched them so in so long.
Speaker B: When you watch movies from like, the eighties and nineties they're rarely, they rarely hold up. And, like, you're like, ugh. There was a lot of questionable words in that one, and. But the earnest movies just so good. It's like the bluey of our, of our days. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Oh, wow. Okay.
Speaker B: It was so good.
Speaker A: So you're telling me I could have my kid watch Ernest saves Christmas today? Wow.
Speaker B: All right. It was unbelievable and very good. So, yes, I almost bought, because it's Halloween time. I almost bought scared stupid, which is the Halloween one, which is, I think, my favorite one. I think, for me, it's scared stupid goes to jail, and then Christmas. Those are my three favorites.
Speaker A: How many were there? Those are, like, the big three that I remember.
Speaker B: There's goes to Africa, there's goes to the army me. There's slam dunk earnest.
Speaker A: If I duck earnest. Did that come before or after air bud?
Speaker B: Before, I think before. And that one had. I think that one had, like, kareem in it, too.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker B: Very. Yeah. Earnest was, Ernest was a walking, you know, sack of money back in those days.
Speaker A: No kidding.
Speaker B: Just printed it.
Speaker A: He passed away, correct.
Speaker B: He did.
Speaker A: I think, pretty sure in the time we were doing this podcast, if I remember correctly, there is a record podcast where we eulogize Ernest.
Speaker B: No, I don't think. I think it was. I think it was way before us, because I think your, your guy, your oldest, is just watching toy story, right?
Speaker A: Yeah. For the.
Speaker B: Ernest. Ernest is the voice of the dog in the first one. But is it. Isn't the dog in any.
Speaker A: Wow. Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah. So I think I forget who they brought in. I, you know, who they brought in to replace the voice was the guy from all the Adam Sandler movies, like the Bobby. Like the dog at the Bobby Boucher. You know, that guy. That guy does. That guy does the voice of the dog, I think, now.
Speaker A: Wow. Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah, so I think. I think he died right at. Right around then.
Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, that makes more sense. Now. Let's go back to this question. Haunted house or haunted forest?
Speaker B: I think haunted house.
Speaker A: But first, um, what is Ernest's full name?
Speaker B: Uh, Ernest P. Worl.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker B: I forget what the. I don't know what the p stands.
Speaker A: For, but, uh, I couldn't tell you either. It's. I think it's just p. Like, yeah, that's what it is. Like, but, yeah. All right. Haunted house or haunted forest.
Speaker B: Yeah, definitely. Haunted house. Haunted for, like, forests scare the out of me. Um, that's one. Like, yeah, like, if you tell me I'm in a haunted forest. I'm more scared than you. If you told me I was in.
Speaker A: A haunted house, I actually want to go to haunted forest more than I want to go.
Speaker B: Not me. Yeah, you get into. Get into haunted forest.
Speaker A: Yeah, I built the back deck on haunted. Haunted forest.
Speaker B: The big deck of.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's right. Only you and maybe Mister House get those references. And that's why we do it. All right, next one. Would you rather try to survive a zombie apocalypse or an alien invasion on specifically Halloween night?
Speaker B: Alien scare.
Speaker A: I think the Halloween night is important here, though.
Speaker B: You're saying it's important because you may not know there's zombies.
Speaker A: Yeah, you got to be able to decipher real zombies.
Speaker B: Oh, I'm killing everybody. Even people that take off their masks. Zombie Flanders.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: No. Aliens to this day is. Was my biggest fear as a kid, so, yeah, I have. I want no parts of any alien invasion. I'll take my chances.
Speaker A: Are you still scared of aliens to this day? Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. Like, I remember when I was a kid, like, there was a movie called fire in the sky about, like, alien abduction. Alien abduction. Shit. Freaks me out. Watched a lot of unsolved mysteries. Anything alien related would scare the piss out of me. Disney. I highly recommend everybody watch this if you're in the mood for, like, a spooky alien movie. Just released a alien kind of thriller horror movie called I feel like you're all alone or something like that. It's one of the main movies on Disney right now. Very good fun spin on a alien movie, but very good. But yes. No, they still scare the crap out of me.
Speaker A: Fair enough. Would you rather be a. For eternity be a vampire or a.
Speaker B: Werewolf off vampire all day?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think so, too. How? I mean, I don't know, though. Like, they're fucking. Yeah, vampires have their, like, really serious cons, right? Like, the not being able to go out in sunlight pretty bad. You know, if you're a werewolf, you could join a high school basketball team.
Speaker B: And that is true.
Speaker A: You know, like, if you're. You could do that. But I, like, vampires have some pretty serious cons. Are you sure you would go vampire? Yeah, like, I mean, I could be killed very easily. Like, you know, you've got, like, any wooden stakes gonna do you in.
Speaker B: I mean, I get it, but I think, like, you're cooler and sexier when you're a vampire. Like, I don't want to be gr. I'm hairy enough. I don't.
Speaker A: You're basically a werewolf already, right?
Speaker B: I know what it's like to be a werewolf. I have uncontrollable rage. Hair where hair wasn't before.
Speaker A: Now the real question is, would you be a regular vampire or a energy vampire? Like.
Speaker B: I. I think regular vampire. That's more. But I think in real life, I am an energy vampire. I do like you think. I think in real life.
Speaker D: Hello.
Speaker A: If you don't watch what we do in the shadows, you should definitely watch that show. Very funny show. The character, Colin Robinson, is an energy vampire, and he feeds by boring people to death and sucking their energy. It's fantastic. So if you haven't watched that, you should. Okay, so you're going vampire. I'm a little torn. I think I'm going vampire also. However, I, I think I'm going vampire. So.
Speaker B: Yeah, like, I feel like you would stink more if you're a werewolf.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, they smell, but they're, they're less, like obvious cons to a werewolf, though. Like, you know, there's, there's humans that are exactly like what you just described, you know? All right, we'll go, we'll go down to Mister House here. Mister House, trivia question time for you, chamber. Have at it.
Speaker B: Yeah, I gotcha.
Speaker A: And Mister House, you're lucky because Steve is up here. So you are. There is someone here to have a lifeline in case. So you got two shots at this. Okay, Mister Perk, the djen pass allows you the lifeline.
Speaker B: I'm gonna go. Let's go this one. What is the name, speaking of werewolves, what is the name of a full moon that occurs in January?
Speaker A: Ah.
Speaker E: Oof.
Speaker B: I just looked at the answer. It's very, it's perfect. The perfect answer.
Speaker A: New moon.
Speaker B: I feel new moons occur fairly regularly, but a full moon.
Speaker E: Yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna lifeline to Steve here.
Speaker A: Steve's waving his hand. Steve knows this one.
Speaker D: I'm not a hundred percent positive, so don't kill me, Mister House, if I'm wrong here, but I think the hint chamber gave at the end there tipped me off and it made me decide, is it a wolf moon?
Speaker B: It is, in fact a wolf moon.
Speaker A: What?
Speaker D: Wow.
Speaker B: Like this was. I'm not even on a. This is just a random one I chose.
Speaker A: Wow. What are you on? Like teen wolf trivia.com?
Speaker B: I am on teen.
Speaker E: That's actually pretty absurd.
Speaker A: Like there, you can't write that.
Speaker B: This is Michael J. Fox.org.
Speaker A: It'S funny. Mister House, what's up?
Speaker E: Yeah, no, I've, you know, I've been, I've been listening to all this, all this vampire, werewolf and haunted house talk. And I just wanted to say, I don't know about you guys, but to me, Club aqua is where it's at. Fuck haunted house. I don't care about their back deck. Just catch me at Aqua.
Speaker A: You gotta do a laugh, see what's real. Mister House, would you rather be a vampire or a werewolf?
Speaker E: I think vampire because I think you're in control. Like, you know, twenty four seven. I am a vampire. You don't have to fear that one night. You don't need to fear the side of, like, what the werewolf does when it's you versus, like, you're always the vampire. So if you really want to take that villain arc, it's a lot easier. Whereas, like, a werewolf, you kind of have that internal struggle. Like, I look at Remus Lupin from Harry Potter. You see him, and then I'm struggling to think of the name. There's also a werewolf on the other side who actually tries to kill Tonks, his wife, who's like the evil werewolf. And it has a huge conundrum, whereas I feel like vampire. It's a lot easier to be like, hey, you're evil. You suck blood out of people. You're pretty darn good at it. Let's put those skills to work year round, right? Like, head up to Transylvania, avoid silver and garlic, and we got. We got ourselves a ball game.
Speaker A: You're rocking and rolling. All right.
Speaker B: Plus all the orgies, you know?
Speaker A: Right, course. What's the. Speaking of, what was the vampire slash werewolf show on HBO back in the day? Do you remember this one?
Speaker B: Oh, a true blood.
Speaker A: True blood. Yes.
Speaker B: I never watched it.
Speaker A: Oh, my God. It was. I mean, it was basically just werewolf and vampire orgies is what it was on HBO.
Speaker B: 1 second. I gotta. All right, we're gonna cut the show short today. I gotta get it. I gotta get on this.
Speaker A: Steve.
Speaker D: Werewolf or I think vampire. I think I might answer my own question. As Mister House was talking and I was thinking about it, but I did have a vampire logistical question, but I think I know the answer, but I'll toss it out there. So vampire is like a no brainer and it's not close to me. I agree with chamber. I mean, I love my dog, dog smell. Like, not trying to get into that world. Vampires live forever. They're. They're sexy. They have vampire orgies. But I. Vampires need to suck blood to sustain living. Because my question logistically is, when the sun inevitably explodes, does a vampire just float through space forever or do you need to suck blood to live? I can't remember logistics, and that's important because it would definitely suck just floating through the cosmos. So I want to check on that.
Speaker A: Go ahead, mister House.
Speaker E: I was gonna say, my first thought is with all of the minerals in space within, like, asteroids and stuff like that, if the sun's exploding, we got to think of everything else around it exploding. So there's probably enough silver floating through the atmosphere that you're not just floating through time, right. That silver's hitting your spirit in vampirical form, and it's taking you out and out of space. It's gonna find you somewhere.
Speaker B: I think, on top of that vampirical form, this is the most hard hitting.
Speaker A: Vampire analysis you'll get anywhere on the web. And that's why we do this show.
Speaker B: There you go. I do think as the sun explodes, whatever. Whatever particles of sunlight are detrimental to the spirit of the vampire would blow through everything, whether he was in his coffin or not. So I think the sunlight explosion would kill him also.
Speaker A: Now, side note, chamber. Would you rather be a vampire or a familiar?
Speaker B: Oh, who wants to be a familiar?
Speaker A: Yeah, I know.
Speaker B: No, that's not a life.
Speaker A: No vampire ostensibly becomes your mentor in that scenario. And we know how you feel about that, right?
Speaker B: I do have a few. I do not respect the mentor.
Speaker A: The protege. All right, rapid fire here. For the rest of these. Would you rather. And then I want to close it down with something that we should have spent half the show on, but maybe we'll get to Monday. All right. Would you rather only be able to eat the one of these things for the entire month of October? Candy corn or pumpkin spice flavored things?
Speaker B: Pumpkin spice flavored things.
Speaker A: Really? Are you a very anti candy corn guy?
Speaker B: I mean, I just think there's more options. You know what I mean? Like, you could have.
Speaker A: You'd have to pumpkin spice your. Like, you. Technically, according to this, you could eat anything. So you like pumpkin spice prime rib.
Speaker B: Right, but, like, you're only eating candy corn.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Right? Yeah. So, like, I. You know, I basically have, like, pumpkins, spice lattes and muffins, I guess. I don't know what else I would eat, but that's probably it.
Speaker A: All right. Would you rather be a classic or. Sorry, face. Would you rather face. So I guess you were trying to defeat. Would you rather face a classic monster like Dracula or a modern monster like Pennywise?
Speaker B: Mmm, good question. Dracula is. Is definitely a earthbound monster. Pennywise is a interdimensional, you know, almost demigod. Type monster. So I would definitely go vampire fair. And I don't have enough friends to defeat Pennywise. Yeah, you need, it's a friend based kill, all right. Which I just don't have. I don't have the neighbors or the friends to, to go to war with Pennywise.
Speaker A: We've only got a couple minutes here left, but I did want to ask you the other day, you tagged me in post on x, and I can't believe I forgot to like that I, that we didn't, like, lead the show with this.
Speaker B: Yeah, I got a lot of tease.
Speaker A: We're going to tease Monday show because we're going to bring this up on Monday. Do you have the tweet handy?
Speaker B: I'll post it right now, throw it.
Speaker A: Up top just to set the scene here. Obviously, if you've listened to us before, you know, that chamber is big into the sasquatch streets. He is an active Sasquatch believer and Bigfoot truther. And, you know, we've, we've gone back and forth on this show many times about the evidence and of Bigfoot's existence. And the other day, you tagged me in the newest video, evidence of Bigfoot existing. And I gotta say, pretty compelling. But I need to hear your preliminary thoughts, and I want to just throw the video up in the top so everybody else could see it and then decide whether they think this is a actual Bigfoot or if somebody's just, uh. Oh, it's already got, it's got readers added contact.
Speaker B: I wanted to talk about this.
Speaker A: Yeah, this is located in the Silverton or in Silverton in Durango. It's part of a quite popular Bigfoot themed expedition trailer company called SA. Oh, so this is fake.
Speaker B: So, okay, I'll give you, I'll give you a quick, you know, a quick rundown of how I've gone through this. I see the video. It looks pretty good. And that's how I expect, like, future Bigfoot videos to come out is kind of random people with their phone. These people are on a train traversing Colorado, and they catch this very, you know, well camouflaged, you know, bipedal thing walking across. And, you know, it looked pretty good. And then I want to say, within the, like, within 24 hours, there was this reader added context. Right. Where it's located in Silverton. Part of a, quite so close to Silverton is a trailer. Come. It's a camper company that make portable trailers for Bigfoot expeditions. Okay. So apparently, apparently that's lucrative enough that this company can exist. Now, I was talking to my wife about this because she saw two and she's on your, very similar to you, not completely sold on the Bigfoot thing. So when she sees the video, she's like, oh, that's very interesting. But then she sees this and immediately is just like, well, it's obviously fake. So. And I felt the same way. And then I'm like, well, I got to take a look on a, what this company is. So I take a look at the company. It is a, you know, it is a trailer company that makes these kind of smaller pop trailers for, you know, deep in the wilderness kind of excursions. They do have. They do have a bigfoot costume that they use on, like, the dealership. But I looked at the pictures and they did not match up for the pictures of the costume does not match the pictures that I'm seeing here. And then I said, well, how close is the rail, the railroad to where this is?
Speaker A: And, wow, you went deep.
Speaker B: I'm like, well, I got a, I gotta know, like, what is, like, what's the likelihood that it's passing in front or fairly close and the tracks don't pass that close to the, you know, this, you know, this is a very.
Speaker A: Zoomed in video, though.
Speaker B: Like, I don't see any, I don't see any road there. I don't see any river. I was looking at the topography of.
Speaker A: Silverton, Colorado, so deep on this well.
Speaker B: I wanted to see, like, because, you know, just because somebody puts a on twitter, I'm like, well, let's dig in a little bit. So the jury's still out for me. It's not as cut and dry as I thought it was going to be as far as like, oh, we can just write it off because some things don't, you know, some things don't match up. And the people, I went on their instagram to see how much they actually utilize this Bigfoot costume. And it was very little. I think I found two pictures out of, you know, a hundred pictures that they have on instagram that, you know, they were in the Bigfoot suit. And anytime they were, it was at some sort of convention or something like that.
Speaker A: So two things here. One, pain is dying to get in on this. Okay.
Speaker B: All right, good. This is interesting.
Speaker A: I mean, he keeps popping his hand back up and down, and I don't.
Speaker C: Well, yeah, he had answered one of my things. I do wonder how much of the full cuz you went deep. I was like, oh, wow, this, this guy knows this stuff already. How much is this, the full zoom? Like, if every time there's. Do we just lose the ability to zoom in? And then where is the rest of the video? Like, were you able to glean more of where this location was?
Speaker B: So that's going to be the rest of my weekend is going to be comprised of that. So I wanted to see how likely it was that it was a hoax.
Speaker A: I have, I have a conspiracy theory. What if the actual business is just a front for hiding these actual Bigfoot right out in the open?
Speaker B: That's a great point. Well, I was having that conversation as well. Do you make. If you. Do you make a Bigfoot trailer company because there's a lot of bigfoots around? Or do you make a Bigfoot company and then pretend like there's a lot of bigfoots around?
Speaker A: Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Right. Like, if you were. If you were going to just, like, if you were gonna just spread the news that, you know, Bigfoot is fake and it's not a real thing, wouldn't you, if you knew that there was this area of the world in which Bigfoot's were just hanging out, you would do something like this, be like, no, no, no. This is just the Bigfoot trailer company and we have a costume and, you know, these are definitely not real Bigfoot.
Speaker B: And the company did say on Instagram it wasn't us. That was one of the posts.
Speaker A: Is the plural of Bigfoot. Big feet or.
Speaker B: That's what I thought. It's Bigfoot's from the experts. I would have thought Bigfeet as well.
Speaker A: I mean, that's more natural. Is the plural of bitcoin bits coin or bitcoin?
Speaker B: That's a good point. It's actually bit feats.
Speaker A: That's funny. All right, last thing here would be I showed this to my wife and she then became more on your side and actually started tagging me on Facebook in bitcoin related things.
Speaker B: On Facebook.
Speaker A: Yeah. Like, she's now. She's now full on Bigfoot believer and she's now tagging me and things that would suggest that biggest foot exists. So thank you for ruining my whole life.
Speaker B: Hey, it's a. Yeah, it's. It's the dirty, smelly tunnel. The Bigfoot. You'll get into the Bigfoot world. So it's. And it never works out in your favor. It's always there. Very rarely do I find videos that I think are good.
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, all right. That's gonna do it for us. What a fun show today. Look at that.
Speaker B: Yeah. That last Wednesday show took. Took something out of me.
Speaker A: We brought the heat today. We brought it back for you. From werewolves to Adam's apples and everything in between. So that is gonna do it for us for the week. Check us out Monday. Don't forget all the other dj and content overdose. The weekend. Saturday morning cartoons tomorrow. Djen bets on Sunday morning and then your typical schedule following that. Until next time, keep the mic hot.
