Speaker A: Let's. Let's get into it. Let's start with you, mister. I'm gonna make fun of everybody.
Speaker B: Yeah, you're definitely gonna make fun of me. I.
Speaker A: How do we want to do this? Like, you lead the charge here.
Speaker B: I'm just pulling mine up right now.
Speaker A: First of all, if you don't know what we're even talking about, chamber, please define what it is we're doing here today. Also, encourage those folks that may not have sent us theirs to send one in.
Speaker B: Yeah. So for the last couple of years now, I feel like two, three, maybe even four years. Spotify, around this time of year, end of November, beginning of December, releases your own personal year in review. It's called Spotify wraps. And what it does is it calculates all the data, tells you a lot about the types of music you're listening to, who you were listening to, your favorite. Your top five favorite artists, your top five favorite songs, you know, the style of music you were listening to, and the amount of minutes you were listening. So it was. And it's fun. I think last year, we did the same thing, too, or at least we talked about it a little bit. And I do think it's a fun. I think Spotify gets that. Right. Where we were talking about Apple versus Apple podcasts, I think the wraps are a phenomenal idea, and this is probably their. They probably get ten to 20 times more social media presence during, like, this week with these raps. So they've even gotten. We were talking about earlier, big. Big names are coming out and doing, like, little videos thanking people. So if you, you know, if you listen to Taylor Swift, there was, like, a Taylor Swift video of her just thanking everybody for listening. I got a Paul McCartney one. I got. What else I got? I got a Jimmy world one that felt personal. I felt like he was talking to me. I feel like there was only, like, four of us that had Jimmy world in their rotation. So it's a cool way to really just see what everybody's listening to through the year, what effects, what they're listening to. So I don't know if it was last year or the year before you were yours had a lot of kids songs on there, so obviously, you know, new kids kind of dictates the, you know, what's being listened to. Payne has some excuse for what his list turned out to be. I'm suspicious of his excuses already, but, yeah, so it's. It's pretty cool.
Speaker C: So, quick question. Does. Does the wife of Amber, does she. Does she use your Spotify at all.
Speaker B: No, she has her own.
Speaker C: Wow.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, we do, like, a family plan, Spotify, so that you can send it out to, like, my mom had, like, I just emailed a link to my mom and she can create her own.
Speaker C: Oh, okay.
Speaker B: So, yeah, like, my daughter has her own, my wife has her own. I have my.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: I even have my own separate work one for my work phone.
Speaker C: That's a little too much.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, I'm just kidding. That's fair. That's fair. So, yeah, so there's obviously on Twitter today, and by the way, we're never calling it X. Right. I listen to a couple podcasts where they try to.
Speaker A: I've started calling it X.
Speaker B: Okay. I mean, I'm with you. I'll do whatever we want to do. It's going to sound old soon if I keep calling it Twitter, if everybody.
Speaker A: Else is calling it X. I kind of just go back and forth. It's hard tweet and Twitter and.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. No, I agree 100%. But it is a fun day, specifically on social media for Spotify wrap. So I hopped on right away. Do you have mine? It's in the mid mic crisis. 1 second.
Speaker A: I'll post that chat.
Speaker B: No, sorry. I'm going to post mine to the top here. But do you want to take a guess on some of my, you know, take some guesses on what my top artists might be?
Speaker A: Yeah. You like? So I feel like I've seen it, so I don't know if it's fair. But you like older stuff, so I'm gonna go. That you are not. You're not much of a modern, as modern as your Spotify would suggest. Is that in the ballpark?
Speaker B: I would say, like, I'm just looking at the numbers here. I would say three if not four out of them are, I would say, current, you know, bands. All of them put out new music this year, which I thought was interesting. So, yeah, all of them. I think all of them had a new album this year, so I'm going to pin mine up to the top here. Should be there now. My top artist this year, much to Anthony's chagrin, was the Beatles number one, number one overall pick. He was talking a lot of shit about people not listening to him. I just wanted to show him the proof was in the pudding. People are listening to them. They dropped a new song. Have you heard the new song the.
Speaker A: Is this the AI version?
Speaker B: AI? Yeah. It's not AI generated, AI assisted music.
Speaker A: Yeah. It's called Old Macdonald, how to farm. AI a. I o yeah, yeah, exactly.
Speaker B: You got it.
Speaker A: Yep. Written by Ringo.
Speaker B: He likes his kid songs, but. Yeah, so the Beatles was number one. Number two for me was Sophie Ann Stevens, who dropped a new. I know. I listened to him, but in October he dropped a new album and I. It's number. He's number two. I listened to that album so much in October that it, like, just rocketed him up the charts.
Speaker A: Number three, he needed a good cry in October.
Speaker B: Listen, all this tells me is, you know, I don't. I'm not a motive person, would you say? Like, I'm not an emotional kind of guy? I don't know. Would you?
Speaker A: No, I agree. I just didn't know what you actually said. I thought you said motive.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Emotive, you know, I'm saying a motive.
Speaker B: Yeah, I see what you're saying. I think all of my therapy happens while I listen to music. All of my emotions come out listening to music by myself. I think that's what happened. Sophie Anne, obviously, you know, just emotionally devastating music. Number three for me was Tyler Childers. I don't know if you're familiar with this guy. He's a. I'll call him like a indie country kind of guy. Yeah.
Speaker A: You guys are really into that in Canada, the country or western horror, Sci-Fi whatever.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. I listen to Tyler Childers after watching heartland, he dropped some new music this year. Number four, I would argue, is, in my opinion, the greatest american rock band of all time. And that's the Killers. I know it's a hot take, but I would argue, of all time, I think so. It's hard to find great american bands. V squared in the chat. Tyler Childress is the shit. So I. Thanks, v squared. I agree. He is fantastic. I'm going to see him this summer. He's coming to my hometown and I'm super excited for it. But yes, the killers. Just a catalog of phenomenal music. Great live bangers upon bangers upon bangers. The killers greatest rock band greater than the Foo fight get. I have trouble getting another american band. Like, you know, a lot of people say Foo fighters, which I laugh at. I don't think that's the case at all. I think the Foo Fighters are just american U two. And it's true. Like. Like a big, huge band that everybody loves that's had maybe one good album. And then number five for me, I think you saw the. You saw this guy at Nft NYC possibly. And that's Taman Palla. Kevin Parker.
Speaker A: Yes. They were at the Moonbirds party.
Speaker B: Yeah. So that was my.
Speaker A: So the Beatles moonbird still around?
Speaker B: I don't know. I see some sad tweets in my timeline. So. Yeah, one through five, the Beatles, Cyfian, Steven Tyler Childers, the killers, and tame Impala. No, no chicks. No.
Speaker A: No Taylor Swift.
Speaker B: No Taylor Swift. So that's where I am. My songs, my number one and number two song are both Tyler Childers songs. By the way, if anybody loves just good romantic music about men that love their gals, you're hard pressed to find better. Number three song for me was here comes the sun by the Beatles. Number four song was will anybody ever love me by Sofia and Stevens. And number five, not part of my top artists list. Number five, you're the inspiration by Chicago. I'm sure you know that song, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, sure.
Speaker B: Yeah. You know what? I'm a sucker for Chicago as well. It's dad rock, but I'm a dad now, and I fucking love it.
Speaker A: You sure are. Wow. So the thing that I thought was the most maybe offensive of the entire Spotify wrapped little video that they sent us was the, like, where do you belong? Did you get yours of that? Like, where do I like? Based on your. Based on your listening. Based on your listening, you are most. You. You would find related people here. Did you? Did you?
Speaker B: I don't think I noticed that.
Speaker A: Oh, well, that was the one I was maybe most embarrassed of. So mine here, let's see. Let me post it down here. I screenshotted this because it's kind of brutal, but they've got me as. And this. This might give you an insight into where my story goes, but I'll pin it up here. There you go.
Speaker B: Oh, yes. I did have that. So mine was Newfoundland, which was weird.
Speaker A: It's because you're. That's called because of all your soup.
Speaker B: Yeah, maybe.
Speaker A: It definitely is. But they got me hanging out with the cheese curds in Madison, Wisconsin. So me, my taste in music lives in Madison, which is just.
Speaker B: You're a Midwest kind of guy.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Madison's a good. I've never been to Madison, but I feel like. Like that's actually a pretty good city. Good. Like college town.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's probably. That's a good point. I didn't even put two and two together. Yes. The University of Wisconsin is there, so I have all the teen angst of a college student still with my choice of music. I think that's what that's saying to me. What do you think?
Speaker B: Um, yeah, that is funny. Yeah. I think that. That mirrors you. Correct. I'm so excited to see what your songs are. Do you want to do pain first?
Speaker A: No, you could do mine first. So this isn't a kid song, but my kid loves it, so it is our top played song. It's not a bad song. It's a great song. But it is so, like, my kid frequently requests this. So no surprise that it is my top song. That comes from vampire weekend, the song a punk by vampire buddy.
Speaker B: Yeah, it was my kids. Like, last year, vampire weekend was in my top. And my youngest daughter absolutely loves vampire weekend. Apunk is one of her absolute favorite songs.
Speaker A: There you go. Well, there you go. So we're grooving there. That was played 75 times starting on January 11. So I've listened to that song 75 times. That's so weird.
Speaker B: Cause it is. Like, I can see why kids like it. It's got a fun. Like, they don't know it's good music. They just hear it the same way they would hear, like, Barney. You know what I mean? That's wild. That's so cool. So I think that's.
Speaker A: Did you have.
Speaker B: I feel like I was light. I see some big numbers coming out now. I do go between phones, so, like, I.
Speaker A: You three accounts.
Speaker B: Yeah. So my. This one account was just under 14,000.
Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. So we had 14,083 minutes.
Speaker B: I'm seeing some right now. We're gonna have. Well, I don't know if crocs wants to come up, but we're gonna talk about crocs in a minute. It's an absolute monstrosity of a number. Like, what is this guy doing?
Speaker A: Okay, so should we keep going for top? So, my second top song is also a vampire weekend song.
Speaker B: Fucking love this. This is terrific. I'm so excited right now.
Speaker A: Oxford comma.
Speaker B: Oxford comma. Absolutely.
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker B: Who gives a fuck about an Oxford comma?
Speaker A: That's right. That's right. Number four song. We're skipping. Skipping. Number three. Number four. Float on by modest mouse.
Speaker B: Oh, my God. These are. Buddy, I'm not making fun of you at all right now.
Speaker A: Well, just wait. Just wait. Just wait till you get there. Number five, death cab for Cutie. I'll follow you into the dark. Stop. It's also a banger. That's not where we're going. That's not where they're making fun of.
Speaker B: I don't care what this last song is gonna be. You have nothing to be ashamed of.
Speaker A: We're skipping the song and we're going to artists now.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: Okay. So I will do a five to one breakdown here. So the fifth top artist of Ubuntu, Spotify, wrapped. Now, this is a joint account, so my wife and I both use this. So she listens to this band more than I do, but I very much enjoy them. And that would be the death cab for cutie. So they're number five on my list. Number four. This might surprise many of you, actually. It comes from the country genre, and it is. I went through maybe a two to three week phase where this song was the most popular song in America, and so it rang in on my number four artists, which is Oliver Anthony. Are you familiar?
Speaker B: No, I don't know who this is.
Speaker A: Oliver Anthony is the one that did the TikTok song about, uh, the rich, rich men from rich, uh, north of Richmond.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. That was a very, uh, controversial. I feel like it was, like, controversial both ways, I would say, because people.
Speaker A: Like to just put their own spin on things and, you know, like, he.
Speaker B: Like, normally, if you're controversial, you're gonna get a lot of downloads from one side or the other.
Speaker A: Well, everybody's just trying to claim it. It became, like, this ant political anthem, and they're all like, no, it's about us. And they're like, no, it's about us. And he's like, it's about both of you, idiot.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Don't you get it?
Speaker B: So, I respect it. I respect.
Speaker A: I went through a phase for that one, so that was. That was a quick hitter, but I listened to it so many times that it made my top four. Top three, you'll be proud. Or number three, I think you'll be proud of me for that is the red hot chili peppers.
Speaker B: Love a pepper. Love a pepper song.
Speaker A: Yep. So. And then while my. While my top two songs were vampire weekend, they did not come in as the number one artist. They are number two on the charts. Vampire weekend coming in at number two. And last but not least, and this is where it all turns for you.
Speaker B: Number one.
Speaker A: Not for many, but definitely for you.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: I am in the top 1% worldwide of listeners with 742 minutes listened to the one, the only, blink 182.
Speaker B: I thought you were about to say Taylor Swift. No, I was about to get impressed. I'm like, how did you make the top 1% of Taylor Swift listeners?
Speaker A: No, I could never do that. Blink 182, 742 minutes. Now, hold on. Let's. Let's give a little context. I mean, we've been on record on this show many times that you do not like or respect blink 182.
Speaker B: I don't I don't.
Speaker A: Which is why I knew we were gonna. I was gonna get flamed for this one, but I did see them live and in concert in June, so it was fantastic. My 13 year old self was in heaven. So leading up to and after the show was a lot of heavy, blank usage, you know?
Speaker B: Yeah, no, I get that. I get that. Yeah. There's definitely, like, a post pre and post concert, a pump for any of those.
Speaker A: I did not get a personalized message from Travis Barker or anyone.
Speaker B: Who's your favorite? Blink.
Speaker A: It's probably. It's not Tom. It's the other guy. Who's the other guy?
Speaker B: Just Tom. There's Travis and Mark.
Speaker A: Mark. It's probably Mark.
Speaker B: I feel like that's a good. That's safe. That's a good.
Speaker A: Tom's a little too douchey for me.
Speaker B: He is pretty douchey.
Speaker A: He's a little too for me. Like he was when I was a kid and when he was a kid. And he still is that same way now, it appears.
Speaker B: And Travis is a little too cool, I think.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, right, exactly. And Mark these days is like, dad cool.
Speaker B: Like, yeah, absolutely.
Speaker A: Cancer. He's going back out on, like, gray hair, too. Yeah, he's got gray hair. He's just telling, you know, that he's singing I fucked your mom in front of Madison.
Speaker B: I love it.
Speaker A: Still got it. You know.
Speaker B: You know what? I'm not gonna flame you. You like what you like. Okay.
Speaker A: I love them. I love them.
Speaker B: That is.
Speaker A: There's nothing wrong with a thing for me, so I. But I know you do not. And of course, they came in as my number one.
Speaker B: I love. Yeah.
Speaker A: Hey, I'm not legit musical artists here, so no children's songs on this year's playlist. Trying to see if I missed anything else. I took a couple screenshots. You were.
Speaker B: You were right around 14k as well.
Speaker A: For 14,083 minutes.
Speaker B: Yeah. So we were right around the same.
Speaker A: And I gotta tell you, most of those minutes are probably my wife.
Speaker B: Really?
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. We've talked about this before. My. I would rather listen to a podcast than some music, most likely in almost all situations. So most of this listening was my wife. However, I will claim. I'll claim a lot of the chili Peppers. I'll claim a lot of blink 182. I'll claim the vampire weekend. Pretty much 50 50 there. Yeah.
Speaker B: It's so funny. It's such a stark difference. A lot of mine. Not all of it is very emotional music. And I'm going through things when I'm listening to music, you know what I mean?
Speaker A: Well, that's like, that's probably, you're having a great time.
Speaker B: You're sitting there. I'm like, I'm a fucking party guy. And I respect it. I respect it.
Speaker A: Next year I'll be Andrew W k.
Speaker B: I love, I love Andrew W K. Early days, like when he, when he first hit the scene, that was. If you like to party, we could party hard. You know, it was, it was solid. I like.
Speaker A: We got Ian's. Ian's is in here now, too. I'll pin his up to the top.
Speaker B: Does anybody want to come up? Like, please come up. If you've, if you've posted your, your Spotify. I see crocs. If Croc wants to come up, I don't know if Vicky's here.
Speaker A: You gotta either do, you gotta defend yourself. Otherwise we're gonna do it for you. We're gonna fill in the caps. Okay, so hold on. First, I want to highlight these other areas. I don't. So fixes is Boulder, I'm guessing of the Colorado variety. Boulder, Colorado. People there are far more likely to be fans of Leon Bridges rainbow kitten surprise and something called a croon and croongan bin Krugenbin.
Speaker B: Yeah. You know.
Speaker A: God, she says mouthful. I don't even know what that is or how to say it. Fix it. You'll have to come and tell us about, about that one. Ian's location, Ogden, USA. Where? I don't, I don't know where that is.
Speaker B: That's right beside North Haverbrook, right?
Speaker A: I don't know, man.
Speaker B: It's where they have the monorails.
Speaker A: Can you give us a little where's? Yeah, that's Ogdensburg. That's Ogdensburg. And I actually live right next to an Ogdensburg.
Speaker B: Is that right?
Speaker A: Believe it or not, yeah. Like, literally the next town over.
Speaker B: It put them on the map.
Speaker A: It sure did. Monorail. What's that sound? Monorail.
Speaker B: Boy, that's funny.
Speaker A: Ian says it's in Utah. Ogden, Utah. So Ian's hanging out with JP Kaz over his love of par gallone, Ryan Coravallo, and black bear. So that's the, those are the location ones. Okay, whose do you want to do first?
Speaker B: Um, I mean, Payne, I love where's pain? Payne didn't post his, but I feel like he should tell us what his, his are.
Speaker A: I mean, he should definitely tell us what his are.
Speaker C: Oh, well, I guess, I guess. Here we go. Right?
Speaker A: I really want to hear Steve.
Speaker B: I know Steve.
Speaker C: I was hoping he would come up, but he's. I was gonna try to bait him into it, but I'm not going to. I absolutely love. I just can't believe you threw out. I'll follow you into the dark.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's classic, man. Such a great.
Speaker C: Classic.
Speaker A: I play that on guitar back in the day, like.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, we call that a. Anyway, so I'm used to call that.
Speaker C: We all know what it is.
Speaker A: That's why I learned how to play it.
Speaker C: Oh, man. Okay, well, I'll give you. Let's see. I was over here trying to mess around with my rap. Some of those artists I. Vampire. I wasn't even sure who that. Who that was. You would.
Speaker B: You would know vampire weekend.
Speaker A: You would a hundred percent know vampire weekend. Drop some. Drop some in the chat there.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'll do that right now.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: Yeah, drop some for me so I can check it out.
Speaker A: Um, not vampire. And though we different weekend, one band.
Speaker C: Yeah. And I thought I saw my minutes were at. Thought like, man, that must be a lot. And then I looked at crocs minutes.
Speaker B: And crocs are wild.
Speaker C: I don't even know how that. I don't know how that's possible because I listen to a lot of Spotify.
Speaker A: You see how much time he spends in the war room?
Speaker B: Boy, that's a good point.
Speaker A: He's doing. He's just rolling through music, dude, just at his computer, wearing his croc headphones on, trading nfts, just jamming out to the Wiggles. Like, what else?
Speaker C: I love it. The fact that you have that much playtime and the Wiggles are number two. I need. I definitely need him to come up here and defend that.
Speaker A: So in Croc defense, I've probably listened to 20,000 minutes of the Wiggles. As, however, all of my wiggles consumption came through Netflix. We would watch it on Netflix, not just the music itself. So I can relate.
Speaker B: Wiggles is for real, though. Wiggles is solid. Wiggles covered one of my top bands.
Speaker A: I'll follow you into the dark.
Speaker B: No. Tame and Paula. They did a sicken tamapala cover. Elephant by Tamapala. It's unbelievable how good it is. It was in Australia, one of the big radio stations there, they do a. They'll have bands come on and they'll do a cover. They'll make them do a cover of another song. And they had the wiggles on and they're like, oh, we'll do Tamapala. Who's another australian, you know, another australian band. It was unbelievable. Like, amazing.
Speaker C: Are the Wiggles still cranking out music.
Speaker B: The wiggles make a money hand over fist. There's new wiggles now.
Speaker A: There's new wiggles. There's like a hot wiggle.
Speaker C: Oh, okay.
Speaker A: Apparently, in fairness, they're all pretty hot.
Speaker B: I mean, I'm a fan of Simon myself.
Speaker A: I'm a locky guy. Locky's totally an alcoholic, by the way. There's no way. Almost all of the Wiggles episodes that he's in, he looks totally hungover.
Speaker B: He's the Dennis Reynolds of Wiggles.
Speaker A: He's wet in his like curly hair wet. And he's like, gee, I might as well go to sleep. Oh, cool. Lockies passed out again.
Speaker C: Wow. That is not. The wiggles is not where I expected this to turn.
Speaker B: Um, well, no wiggle slander on this show, I'll tell you how much.
Speaker C: That's right, that's right. I didn't know they were held in such high regard. But I know better now. Um, nf, does anybody know who nf is?
Speaker A: The rapper? Yeah, yeah. Uh huh.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: He's, he's actually know who NF is because of DJ network show Saturday morning cartoons GT and Dan the Lost boy would throw some NF on to start their show sometimes and whatever song they played I really enjoyed. So I went and found myself some more. NFD is.
Speaker B: NF has nothing to do with MF doom, correct?
Speaker A: No, it has. It's NFT. Yeah. Debut album.
Speaker B: I've never heard of NF. I'm old though.
Speaker A: That's, you know, you don't strike me as much of a rap guy though.
Speaker B: I'll tell you what, I'm gonna have some controversial takes. I don't think rap is melodically. My, my. Jamdeh, I thought you were going to.
Speaker A: Say you don't consider it like music.
Speaker B: Yeah. Melodically not my favorite.
Speaker A: Is this a politically correct way to say not music melodically? I don't vibe.
Speaker B: It's very good. Don't get me wrong, I love rap, but I don't love it in the same way that I love.
Speaker A: You mean it doesn't make you cry like.
Speaker B: Correct. I need emotion. Yeah, I'm more, I'm more changes.
Speaker A: What about some tupac?
Speaker B: I don't like Tupac. I was definitely more a big fan.
Speaker A: You hate change. Don't.
Speaker B: Biggie was more melodic. He was like a little bit more sing song to a big, a biggie small song.
Speaker A: No. Now, you know, I do.
Speaker C: I think it's, I think we got to work on your culture a little bit. So I'll skip over. I'll skip over Taylor. We all know taylor to, Taylor's on there for sure. Drizz drizzle drake.
Speaker B: And drake was on that. Now where Drake was on your Drake.
Speaker C: Or no, NF was actually number one. I had no clue. I guess I'd been rocking him out this year. He had a new album and I think I'm in like the top four, top 2% apparently, of him.
Speaker A: Talk to me when you're a number one percenter. Yeah, talk to me. Talk to me when you're a top 1% blink 182 fan.
Speaker C: Oh, I just.
Speaker A: Pathetic loser.
Speaker B: Melodically, I don't think blink 182 is also.
Speaker A: Melodically, I don't mind blink 182.
Speaker B: I just want to cry, that's all, guys. That's, I just want to do all my crying.
Speaker A: I think we've really uncovered something here. You only listen to music that makes you weak and that's fair. That that's what music is supposed to move you.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker C: 100%. I love the emotions, too. That's what I, that's what I appreciate about, about Drake is you can do a little bit of both. You can go back to his, his take care, Marvin's room. You know, you can get a little bit emotional with that. Or sometimes when I'm in the gym, apparently I've been listening to a playlist, Drake's hardest songs, songs on there.
Speaker B: I feel like that would be made fun of a lot. Like, I feel like people that know what they're talking about would say that.
Speaker C: Is not a, yeah, that's probably true. That's probably true. But he does have some, he has some decent get up songs. And then I was looking back through even just some, some top songs and your boy Jameric way, Jamir Koi, come.
Speaker A: On there talking canned heat.
Speaker B: Yeah, I was arguing the, I was at a work function and we were having, it was late in the evening and we're arguing about music and I, I took a Taylor Swift stand, anti Taylor Swift stand, and I said, taylor Swift wishes she had a Jamere Quay song. Wishes. There is nothing in the Taylor Swift catalog that's better than virtual insanity. How about that? And I stand by it. I stand by it.
Speaker C: Tell me you're not going to hear anything from me. I love it. I love that song. I mean, wasn't it you who told me you like Jack Harlow?
Speaker B: I do like Jack Harlow.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Like, I mean, I like him like, I mean, I'm not in like with him, you know.
Speaker A: How about what does he do for you melodically?
Speaker B: Melodically. I mean, again, not. It's. It's fun. It's. You know, there's fun music, but I need. I need devastatingly hurtful music. There are. That's.
Speaker C: That's not even true. There are rap songs, hip hop, whatever, that can do that to your soul if you're all right.
Speaker B: You throw it my way, I'll listen.
Speaker C: I'm gonna throw some, like, Alicia Keys your way. People like that.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: Alicia Keys keys will make you cry.
Speaker B: Yeah, obviously, I've cried to Alicia Keys.
Speaker C: Okay, now I know you're human. I feel much better.
Speaker B: Did you get all five in Penn?
Speaker C: No, I skipped a couple. Well, just as bunch. You did. Well, Alders got her hand up, so I know she wants to jump in.
Speaker A: Hold on. I didn't end up. I only skipped strategically to come back to the stuff, make fun of me for at the end, I went and you got my full list.
Speaker B: What's your hidden fault? What's in your hidden folder, man? Come on. Well, the.
Speaker A: The other worst than Taylor Swift.
Speaker B: It can't be. It can't be.
Speaker A: That's.
Speaker C: That's not true.
Speaker A: Wiggle.
Speaker C: I claim Taylor. Like I said, me and my wife, we share Spotify, so that's honestly why I didn't count it. But I included Taylor because I dabble in some taylor, and I feel no shame about it. And anyone who wants to come at me for it, you're more than welcome. Now, not all of Taylor. She's. She's got a very wide variety of. Of songs.
Speaker B: Of mediocre songs. I agree.
Speaker C: Here we go. And I could have. You know what? I knew the Beatles were number one on your is when it. Before you even said it, and I didn't.
Speaker B: I wasn't expecting them to be number one, but they were.
Speaker C: Yeah. And you know how I feel about Tyler childress is. He's. He's all right. Oh.
Speaker B: What? All right?
Speaker C: Well, I mean, you obviously. My wife.
Speaker B: You all.
Speaker C: You all talked about it. My wife.
Speaker B: You were on board. I thought you were on the. Tyler. Tyler, you know, he's.
Speaker C: He's okay.
Speaker B: Okay. All right.
Speaker C: He's okay. He's not. I mean, I don't hate him. I don't dislike him.
Speaker B: I got it. I got. Hey. Not everybody could like every type of.
Speaker C: Music, but I will say I'm not. I'm just not a fan of country.
Speaker B: I hear you. I've been slowly coming back to it over the years because it's. It's been absolutely fucking garbage. At least, you know, the radio play stuff, Sturgill Simpson started getting me back in. Start going back. Listen, it's like old John Prine stuff and, you know, that kind of thing. But there's some new guys, I think, now that are, that are, that are pretty solid.
Speaker C: Got b squared in the chat. Calling me a hater.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yes. I got some words for you.
Speaker A: All right, so we got to get through some.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Get through some of these others. All right.
Speaker B: Pain, we got.
Speaker A: Wait, go ahead.
Speaker B: I was gonna say pain. What are your embarrassing ones? Did we get them? Yeah.
Speaker C: I would say Taylor's mine. No, that. I don't count on anything else. That's. That's not mine. All right.
Speaker B: I feel like he's hiding stuff, but.
Speaker C: Oh, no, no, I have no shame, like I said.
Speaker B: All right. Okay. I guess we gotta talk to outer.
Speaker A: Let's go to outer. Yeah, let's go to outer. Outer. GM. No trivia question today because we were encouraging people to come up and speak. So unfortunately, no trivia for you today, unless you would like to guess if you weren't here. How many minutes has crocs Maxi listened to the Wiggles? You have multiple choice. A, zero minutes. B 10,000 minutes. C 20,000 minutes.
Speaker D: I'll go with the middle one. I have no idea. I don't know what the Wiggles is.
Speaker A: See, 20,000 minutes of the wiggles. Wiggles is the children's. Wiggles is the children's. I don't even know what you would call them. What are they?
Speaker B: Super band. Yeah, children. Super band.
Speaker D: Kind of like, kind of like Raffy but new or something like.
Speaker A: Yeah, except there's like five of them and they're. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But that's okay. We will persevere here. Uh, GM, do you have your Spotify wrapped? I do.
Speaker D: I post it up top. So I'm excited to announce that last year I listened to 1500 different artists in a year, but this year I almost made two grand. I listened to 1983 different artists in a year, so I'm pretty excited about that chamber.
Speaker A: How many did you have? Artists?
Speaker B: I. I think I had. I have to go back and look. I think it was 1300 artists, something like that. Twelve, 1300.
Speaker A: Pretty good. I gotta look at mine now. I don't know.
Speaker D: That's the one that matters to me the most, because I binge new music. I'm bored of everything. So the newer the better. So I could, like, get addicted to it and then listen to it on repeat.
Speaker B: I agree.
Speaker D: So that's where I'm at. And I was about 1500 for the last couple of years, but this year I went all out. I started listening to their annoying dj thing and any other suggestion, things that they would have for me. So that helped expand my reach of new music. My top artist ended up being Fred again because I got super heavy with his song me heavy. And I listened to it like, I am a repeat person because it helps me focus. So I will listen to something on repeat. To me, music is like, I hear it. If there's a good melody vibe, that's like the first date, then I'll go on a second date, which happens, like, maybe four repeats later, where I'll put the lyrics up and I'll actually, like, digest the words, and then I'll be like, okay, if I'm in the words and I already like the melody, then we can have a relationship. And so repeat will happen for, like, days, maybe two or three days, and then it'll be in my mind and in my head forever. And I'll also remember the lyrics probably forever because I have, like, developed that relationship with it. Sorry. It just snowed here and it's super slippery. And everyone seems to. To be, like, not having their winter tires on. Welcome to Canada. Okay, so if I cut out, it's not a good thing. I'm not driving. And divide also says yes to virtual insanity. Fucking awesome song. Banger. Okay. And also a bit of a metaphor, I think, and a thesis for this whole entire experience of web three. Virtual insanity. I like that.
Speaker A: I didn't even. So I just went and looked while you were talking, and I did nothing. I didn't get a number of artists, but they gave me a number of genres, which probably means I didn't listen to nearly as many artists as you both did. But I did cover 46 different genres, which I didn't even know there were 46 different genres of music.
Speaker D: 67, I think, or 60. I don't know. I'd have to go back and look. But, yeah, so that's, like. So Fred again. And then the other artist that I. That I put, that is my second one is called Azir. And I really like. He sings in English, but he has other music as well. And then Kid koala is incredible. He is like an old school vinyl dj that does, like, a lot of that. But he has these albums called music to draw to. And the first one is also incredible for focus. The knife is an OG experimental kind of band that is just wild and feral, and I love them. And then Donna Misty has this song called to me, your face is love, which is like an electronica track that I really liked, so. So, yeah, that's. That was me. I don't know if any of this is embarrassing or not. Probably not.
Speaker B: It's not.
Speaker A: It's not. It's actually, like, it's probably the least embarrassing one that we're gonna have today. So you win, clearly. I feel like. I feel like you've probably impressed Chamber here 100%, both in your breadth of artists listened to and just depth of music knowledge here. So I would say you probably impressed chamber. Chamber.
Speaker B: I'm glowing over here. I love the top genre being indytronica, which, I mean, just tickles me in all the right spots. That's amazing.
Speaker A: Half of these aren't even real genre pop.
Speaker B: Sweet. I know.
Speaker D: What the fuck is indetronica?
Speaker B: Like, I don't care what it is. I love it. There was a time I did say to my wife the other day, back in 2012, I was really into 19th century maritime folk.
Speaker A: My number one genre is yodel punk.
Speaker B: I'm not even joking, though, because I was a really, really big fan of the Decemberists. And if you're not familiar with.
Speaker D: Oh, my God.
Speaker B: Are you kidding me?
Speaker D: Hold up. Okay, I will promise you this on your next spaces. Please like dm me when it is divide, and I will do a cover of mariners revenge for you. I sing that. I love this, and I'm happy to do it. Both parts, the low tenor and the high. I will do it.
Speaker A: Chamber. This is fantastic.
Speaker D: And he plays a real accordion, like a giant accordion. Divide will play a real accordion for that. Yeah.
Speaker A: This is incredible. Chamber, you ingested. Oh, Chamber went to speak. Where did. Where did he go? Chamber went to go watch his Spotify rapped again and took him off stage. But I am 100% in on this outer. We will definitely, we will have a show Friday same time and Monday, same time. So we're expecting to be serenaded. In the meantime, while I deny Chambers requests to come back to stay stage. Vicky, GM, how are you today?
Speaker E: It says everyone is now muted. Can you hear me?
Speaker A: No, you're good. Chamber probably fat fingered it or something.
Speaker B: Can you guys hear me?
Speaker E: That was his revenge. No, we don't want to hear.
Speaker B: Everybody just went away.
Speaker A: He's back. He's back.
Speaker E: GM Vicki gmdehdeh. I don't know if anybody has noticed the link. I put it in the link earlier. I mean, I pinned up the top, obviously, artists and songs, but I don't know if anyone spotted the link between. I'll help anyone that's looking that can be asked to look, number one and number two of my top songs, there is a link. And when it put them at number one and two, I couldn't stop laughing because I realized instantly why there was a link. And I also realized what has been going on to cause those two to be up number one and two. So number one is I ain't worried by one republic, and number two is top Gun anthem.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: So I have to ask the question because I saw this. Now, top Gun anthem is not what's, like, the main song, like danger zone, right? Is that top gun anthem?
Speaker E: Top Gun anthem is top Gun anthem. They called it that.
Speaker B: Instrumental.
Speaker A: It's an anthem.
Speaker E: It's an instrumental that when you're leaving for work at 10:00 at night, you have your windows down and your Honda Odyssey becomes a plane instead a car.
Speaker A: Let me guess. The link is number one, the song you listen to on the way to the shop. And number two is the one you listen to on the way home.
Speaker E: Incorrect.
Speaker B: That's a good guess.
Speaker A: Thought I had it. But while Chamber takes his guess, I have to commend you for the Depeche mode as your number two artist, one of my wife's favorite all time bands. Surprised it didn't make mine with the shared Spotify, because she listens to Depeche mode all the time. Chamber, can you identify the link in Vicky's number one and two songs?
Speaker B: Sorry, who sings? I ain't worried. I'm trying to place it one republic.
Speaker E: A young band.
Speaker B: Is that Harry Styles old band or is that not the same one?
Speaker E: That's one Direction, you muppet.
Speaker A: Oh, they both had a one.
Speaker B: I love being called a Muppethe by someone with a british accent. It's maybe my favorite thing. So continue that.
Speaker A: It's great, great.
Speaker B: I don't know. I have no clue. What.
Speaker A: How about post Malone?
Speaker B: Post Eve?
Speaker E: Which is good, actually, because obviously that knocked Eminem off because Eminem and Snoop Dogg seem to have sneaked on last year. But what I found quite fascinating with the stats that they give you is that on my rat, for my personal account, I was in the top 19% of listeners. So that caused me to get to work and look on our iPad at work to see what our Spotify was on at work. And lo and behold, bring the top 1% of listeners at work. So I can't have. Obviously. Yeah, yeah, I know. Obviously a big Spotify fan. So the link, I will tell you, because I don't think necessarily everyone's a Tom Cruise fan, but I absolutely loved, uh, top gun two when it came out. There's very few number twos that kind of go, oh, that was really cool. But I really, really enjoyed that. I thought he did a good job.
Speaker B: I can't believe there was a top gun too.
Speaker E: Um, have you not seen it?
Speaker B: Like, we're not.
Speaker A: You haven't seen it? It's pretty good.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker E: It's really good.
Speaker B: So me being the.
Speaker D: I haven't seen the first one. Do I have to watch the first one?
Speaker A: No. Well, yes, you do watch the first.
Speaker E: One and then watch the second one. And what you'll notice is Tom Cruise doesn't age, even though they're probably 25 years apart. The film.
Speaker B: Oh, pardon me. Pardon me. So you're saying top gun two is, like, the new one?
Speaker A: The new one, yeah, he's like the.
Speaker E: Mentor, but he doesn't look like he's aged at all. So there is something to be said for scientology, maybe?
Speaker A: Yeah, not top gun two. Electric boogaloo.
Speaker B: See, I thought maybe there was, like, a sneaky one that came out in, like, 98 or 91 or I. Something like that with, like, not Tom Cruise in it. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: We got a couple. We got a couple more minutes here. I want to buzz through some that have shared with us. Vicki. Vicki was at 19,000 ish minutes listened, which is pretty awesome. We've got King squalo, whose top genre is urbano latino. There's another one that existed. Top artists above and beyond. Bad bunny, stick figure, rawayana and feed. Dude, I don't know a single one.
Speaker B: Some people are just so much cooler than us. Oh, I know, I know. Bad bunny. I know, I know. Bad bunny. Bad bunny. I know. That's. That's the only one.
Speaker A: Isn't that an NFT project? That's. I don't know. Okay, we got shovel. Shovel is post Malone. Diplo, Travis Scott, Ed Sheeran and Tiesto. 5759 minutes. So not a lot of music.
Speaker B: Light, light work.
Speaker A: I will say, Ed Sheeran definitely made my list last year. I'm on record with Ed Sheeran being my guilty pleasure artist. So I'm a big Ed Sheeran guy.
Speaker B: You should watch. There's a movie that came out a couple of years ago called yesterday. I don't know if you've ever seen it. It's about a guy. Yeah, it's a Beatles. When a guy gets hit by a bus and, like, wakes up and wakes.
Speaker A: Up in a universe, everything is blink 182.
Speaker B: Everything is blink 182. But no, he wakes up, and the Beatles never existed. And Ed Sheeran plays a prominent role as himself. A very good, very good movie.
Speaker A: I'm a big fan of Ed Sheeran.
Speaker D: Is it better than his cameo in Game of Thrones? Because that was terrible.
Speaker B: Yeah, I would say it's better than his cameo and Game of thrones. Yes.
Speaker A: The facero dropped his top, by the.
Speaker B: Way, shovels top artist is the pumpkin spice latte of music lists here. This is.
Speaker A: What was that one?
Speaker B: Shovels. Post Malone diploma. Yeah, I feel like it's pretty basic.
Speaker A: Well, I mean, it's only. That's 5500.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: Only the hits, right? Like, I guess so. Going too deep on. On 5500 minutes of music. The facero's top genres, rock, soul, indie soul, electronica, and of course, new romantic.
Speaker B: I don't even know what that is, but I'm down for new roman nu or n e w?
Speaker A: N e w because new, like, and.
Speaker B: You romantic would have been even cooler.
Speaker A: Yeah. And then we've got what? So whose is this one? Oh, this was outers. Uh, she went through hers.
Speaker B: And then did we do King swallow or king squalls already? Not King swallow.
Speaker A: Yeah, I did.
Speaker B: That's a different thing.
Speaker A: Different thing. The, uh, uh, it's Tony.
Speaker B: The Anthony's. Uh, yeah. You remember Tony D. Anthony.
Speaker A: Of course. Who do we got? Ian's top artists. Wow. A lot of post Malone coming through here, part. Dude, I don't even know what this is. Party alone. Is that what it is? P A R D Y alone. I guess that's how you say that. Post Malone. Just some guy named Russ, which I'm not familiar with Russ. Ryan Caravel and juice world. 27,942 minutes. And his top genre was rap.
Speaker B: See, to me, once you get north of like 20,000 minutes, I really am very interested in what you're listening to. To me, it holds more weight. It may not be the music I listen to, but I'm looking at a little closer.
Speaker A: Well, this is a good way to close it down then, because we're approaching the end and we never went through all of crocs list. So crocs, who comes in with 55,266 minutes listened, top genre pop, top artists. Taylor Swift. Number one. I want to know where you rank crocs on the top. Listeners of Taylor Swift with 55,000 minutes listens, you know, number two, the wiggles, 20,000. Number three, Drake degrassi. Variety. Number four, Morgan Whelan.
Speaker B: Oh, my God. Throw that theory right out the window. I take everything. Everything I said.
Speaker A: That's why I was going. That's why it was perfectly time. And number five, J. Balvin. I don't know what that is.
Speaker B: Do you know J. Balvin? I do not know.
Speaker C: Spanish guy. I'm pretty sure. Spanish musician.
Speaker B: It's pronounced H. Balvin. It's a spanish joke. It's as close as I can get.
Speaker A: That's a spanish language joke for those of you following along at home. And that's going to do it for us tonight. So this was fun. Share. Share us more of your Spotify raps over the next couple days. I would love to keep doing this a little bit on Friday because it's so much fun. Maybe we get a musical interlude from outer and divide and we get some live accordion action. And that's going to do it only.
Speaker D: If Chamber knows the song. He bailed.
Speaker A: I don't even know if he did bail.
Speaker B: You were about to talk about the Decemberists. Is that. And I bailed. Is that what happened?
Speaker A: Yes. Oh, you didn't hear all this?
Speaker B: Everything cut out. Oh, my God.
Speaker A: Okay, go ahead, quick. Yeah.
Speaker D: When you mentioned the Decemberist, I offered divide and I to perform a cover of mariners revenge because I sing it both parts low and high, and divide plays a real giant accordion. So we can do.
Speaker B: Listen. Okay, we're gonna. We're gonna get on a zoom call. Okay. I want this to happen. I want to see it. I want it. I want to hear it. This is amazing.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker B: Oh, you need to see an accordion being played. I feel it's. It is one of the unsung heroes of instruments.
Speaker A: It's one of the natural wonders of the world.
Speaker B: It really is.
Speaker A: An accordion being played. Yeah, that's what they say.
Speaker D: The piano player. But as a bonus, it came with accordion playing skills, so I'm here for it.
Speaker A: Amazing. All right, that is gonna do it for us tonight. This was a fun one, chamber. Thank you very much for bringing the topic de jour. This was a very fun one. And we will be back at it on Friday at 04:00 p.m. eastern. And until next time, keep the mic hot.
