Speaker A: Everybody. Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am bunchu alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, chamber no des today. Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: Feeling pretty cold, man. I literally just got back an hour ago from. From visiting my mom and my sisters.
Speaker A: And so do you mean, like cold and temperature or cold in the heart? Because I know that's always a. Sometimes a touchy subject.
Speaker B: It's cold and temperature. Cold in the heart and cold in my house. So I don't. Do you guys, like, turn down or, you know, turn down the heat when you leave the house for a couple of days? So it's not using.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's something that, like, we try to do.
Speaker B: That's a boomer thing of me to do.
Speaker A: No, it's right. That's the right. It's the right thing to do. But I understand the need or the want to not do it.
Speaker B: Yeah, so it is. My office is in my basement, and it is. I got slippers on. I got, I got multiple sweaters on the. I'm freezing, so, you know, I can hear the furnace cooking right now, so hopefully it should warm up soon so it won't warm the cockles of my heart.
Speaker A: How was the Christmas holiday for you? Before we get there, before we get into that, though, please feel free. Speaking of the cockles of your heart, if you can find it in the cockles of your heart to give us a gm or a comment down below, uh, help us promote the space. Give us a little retweet, if you don't mind. Oh, look, we got. Maybe we do have Des. He said he wasn't going to be here. Des?
Speaker B: Christmas miracle.
Speaker A: Des, is that you? You know, I come.
Speaker C: I come by from time to time.
Speaker A: Well, it's. It's a pleasure to have you. Uh, we. We thought we weren't getting you today, and I'm very happy we are, because there's a lot going on to talk about. So, yeah, give us a. Give us a comment, if you don't mind. Tell us what the best thing you got or gave for Christmas this year is. If, you know, if you got some pretty awesome present or gave some pretty awesome gift to somebody, let us know what that is. Would love to hear it. Chamber. How was your Christmas overall? Let's rate it from one to ten. And then what was the best gift you got and gave?
Speaker B: It was actually like the Christmas itself was really good. We just had bad weather, so there was a lot of, like, you know, some real sus. Driving conditions out there. You know, my life was in my hands a couple of times, and I did way too much driving, too. Like, on top of that, not only were the roads terrible, the amount of driving I had to do was. Was not good. But when I was parked, it was great. You know, drinks were had, you know, smoked some of that devil's lettuce, opened some gifts, had some hors d'oeuvres. It was. It was quite nice. But I rated overall a seven just because of the weather. But, yeah, I don't know what best gift I got. You know, I. Well, my daughters, you know, quote unquote my daughters got my wife what I thought was really cool. It's just like, an antique from the, I think was, like, 1945, something like that. Kind of like, just like, just before World War two ended, a piece of jewelry that I thought was really cool. She's into the vintage stuff. I had a person that I deal with pick me up a nice piece, so they gave that to her.
Speaker A: What. What kind of person.
Speaker C: I got to deal with?
Speaker A: Yeah, like, what a cryptic way to say somebody who, like, can connect you.
Speaker C: Jewelry for drugs.
Speaker B: I'm not saying it's not blood diamonds. No, this is totally above board, but, yeah, it's just like a. Yeah, just. Just an antique person that I deal with for these types of things. And they. They hooked me up with this cool. This cool piece to give to my wife.
Speaker A: Chamber. I mean, des, do you have a shady antique dealer that you deal with over the holiday season?
Speaker C: I don't.
Speaker B: I highly recommend getting one.
Speaker A: Where does one find a shady antique guy? Craigslist.
Speaker B: The track. The track.
Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Okay. That works, but. All right, Des, rate your rate. Your Christmas was. I can't remember when your daughter was born. Is this the first Christmas or second Christmas?
Speaker C: This is the second, but this is the first one where she kind of got it.
Speaker A: Yeah. Cool.
Speaker C: So my best gift was my blood, sweat, and tears putting together this dance playhouse in the backyard on Christmas Eve like an idiot, and I pulled it off. So that was definitely the best gift I gave. The best gift I received. You know, it's not, like, an amazing gift, but I'm just so shocked that she pulled it off. I sent my wife, like, a, you know, one of those random, like, TikTok or Instagram like ads with, like, a cool viral product that isn't really real. And I just sent it to my wife and thinking as soon as I sent it, like, oh, God, she's gonna get scammed. She's gonna go to some crazy russian website and order this thing for $400. When it costs six. And to my surprise, she pulled it off. It was right under the Christmas tree. Exactly like as seen on tv or Instagram.
Speaker A: And what is it?
Speaker C: It was a golf, like, training aid.
Speaker B: So it's like, is it the club that collapses?
Speaker C: It's not the club that collapses.
Speaker A: It's like a.
Speaker C: It's like a sequence pad that it shows.
Speaker B: I know that when you're talking about. Shows you a few.
Speaker A: Oh, it shows the cut.
Speaker B: It shows the cut of the grass.
Speaker C: Exactly. Exactly.
Speaker A: Does it work?
Speaker C: Which, I mean, it kind of works. I mean, and the best part is, she didn't spend $400 on it. She spent 15, like, it's worth. And, yeah, so it's good.
Speaker B: That's awesome. I bet you Des has a gorgeous golf swing.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. There's no doubt as. What do you shoot? What's your handicap?
Speaker C: Oh, it's horrible.
Speaker A: I just.
Speaker C: I'll take that compliment. No, I'm actually a horrible golfer. But it looks nice. You know, that.
Speaker B: That's what I get. Oh, yeah, no, definitely, you know.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's probably where I'm like, a 1517. Probably. But, des, don't let him fool you. This big oath. Talking to you is a. Is a golf.
Speaker D: Oh.
Speaker A: I just.
Speaker C: I picture him and John Daley just riding along in a cart together.
Speaker A: He.
Speaker B: Absolutely, absolutely, 100%. I I would. I'm not even joking. I would rather play around with John Daley than Tiger woods. Like, 100%. Not even close.
Speaker C: You're not the only one with that, I honestly think, truthfully.
Speaker A: But we need to get that. We need to get that up in a poll.
Speaker C: No, it's gonna you heavy tiger fans out there.
Speaker A: So, overall, Christmas scale of one to ten, where it sounds like, I'm gonna.
Speaker C: Give it a ten, it was solid.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker C: Yeah, it was great.
Speaker A: You would say bus then, for your Christmas.
Speaker C: It was busting. Christmas was absolutely busing.
Speaker A: Cool. I also. I'm up in the nine to ten range. It is very cool to have a kid that is, like, you know, magic of Christmas age. And he's even still maybe a little too young, but he's like, first, he's really got it this time. And, like, some of those pictures that we got where there's just, like, the pure joy on his face was just totally, totally worth it.
Speaker B: That picture you posted of him on the motorcycle.
Speaker A: Oh, my God.
Speaker B: Body. I'm like, that is the epitome of Christmas right there.
Speaker A: I didn't even. I didn't even get him that. That was a grandma and grandpa gift.
Speaker B: What a win.
Speaker A: Yeah, that was a grandma and grandpa gift. And the craziest part of that is like, they've bought that type of motorcycle type toy for both now my son and my brother's kid when he was about the same age. And, uh, I guess this is just like what happens as you turn from a parent to a grandparent where you're just like, the level of fucks given is just negative at this point. Like, when I was a kid, all I wanted, all I wanted ever was a power wheels. And, um, you know, the power wheels at least had doors on it, right? Uh, it was.
Speaker C: Now, what's a power wheels? Sorry?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker C: Like an actual thing you sit in?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, it was like a. It was like a car. Yeah. Gotcha.
Speaker C: Yes. Okay, cool.
Speaker A: You sat in it, you charged it, and it had, you know, doors on the sides. It was like a car, but like, yes. You were a child driver essentially, and it was a absolute no no in my house. Like, it was something they would never get us. And then they go out and get my kidney, who's under two, a damn motorcycle. And, I mean, he had a blast and it was great, but just too funny when you turn. I guess that happens when you turn into a grandparent. Our wonderful producer here, Mackey, has, has pinned the golf pole to the top. So who would you rather play around of golf with? Is it Tiger woods or John daily? So, yeah, that was our Christmas. I do have one more thing because you or. Oh, or chamber chambers on the bowl, too. John Daly. Tiger woods or chamber. One more thing that I just got reminded of, des, that you just reminded me of with the gift that you got was the scam sites that you were afraid your wife goes, would go to. That is something that my wife frequently does, and she does it so often that it is now, like a thing in our relationship. And I've taught her all of the techniques to spot these scam type of Facebook ads that are promoting these products, like you're talking about and all this stuff. And she just doesn't, I don't know if she just doesn't care or like, just is. It's just such great marketing that it gets her every time. Like, literally last week, she comes to me and she's like, hey, so don't be mad. And I already knew what she was going to say to me and about how she, like, got scammed from this, you know, chinese website that took her money and never shipped a product and now won't refund her and all that stuff for like, this really stupid novelty gift for her sister that she saw on Instagram or something. So that is the thing I actively have to fight against in my house does. So I know.
Speaker C: Not alone.
Speaker A: No, not alone at all. But yeah, lots to talk about in the NFT space. I know. I feel like at this point, you know, every space is that you've heard has beat this topic into the ground. So maybe we will spend as much time on it as, as the people want. But the big news over the weekend, actually yesterday, in full on frank fashion, is that ute's and d gods are changing chains and we're going to see d gods make a move from Solana to ethereum and we are going to see ute's go from Solana to Polygon. Des, I'm very interested to hear your takes on these. Also, just as somebody who doesn't spend a hell of a lot of time in random spaces all day, so I feel like you have some fresh takes that haven't been regurgitated 100 times. So let's hear it. A corporate trash wants us to move on already. By the way, she's not tired of hearing about frankenous Frank, and I don't blame her. So. But I want your takes here, Des.
Speaker C: Sure. And honestly, I think Frank is literally hosting his space talking about it right.
Speaker A: Now with, oh good, should we just, should we just shut this down?
Speaker B: Maybe he'll jump onto our show.
Speaker C: Exactly. No, I mean, I think it's a good move. I mean, as short as you want it to be, I think it's a great move. The amount of developers and resources on Solana right now are just nothing there for. For massive growth and development. And there is a lot of growth on Ethereum and developers and then the polygon move. I know people are pissed about Polygon, like wishing just ute's would go to layer one along with d gods, but I actually think it's a pretty good move to Polygon for youths. Again, they can be the star of the show. Polygon is no stranger to handing out money right now. I know back when I was consulting for virtual human studios, they were offering a lot of money for anyone to just jump on their platform. And I know Ute's and D labs had to have gotten a good bit of money for that move, and they're going to pour heavy resources. That's the other thing is Polygon is a fully dedicated team and can help with anything that they need and it's going to be pretty cool. So I think for good reason, they're moving to both platforms.
Speaker A: Jack, in the comments, said the best thing he got for Christmas was an education on Polygon. So cheers to that. I think a lot of people may be learning about the inner workings of Polygon over the last couple days. Yeah, I mean, I think the topic has been all about Ute's because the d gods move just feels like a easy thing to digest and almost a no brainer, right. Like that they would want to come over and, and, you know, play in the big. In the big leagues, I guess, as some would say, the youth move is, I guess, a little more controversial. So I totally understand that. I'm actually really interested to hear CT's take here. I'm going to go right to CT because she has been talking. She. I just spent some time before, uh, coming over here onto the space in the. Catching up on the war room, and she was going out with. In, in on Frank with, uh, JP Kaz, which I be. I feel like JP Kaz and CT need their own show at this point, so I'm waiting for that to happen. But CT, give us your take on Frank.
Speaker E: Hey, guys. No, I mean, me and JP Kaz are on the same. Are on the same kind of wavelength here, I think. Yeah, I think that he made a great point in there, which is like, do we really need a PFP on Polygon at all? You know, I'm not sure Polygon is really built for pfps. Been saying it's more like for gaming and multiple transactions. So I think it would be better off to be with d gods on Ethereum. But that's just kind of my point of view on that. I think Polygon is great for other stuff, including, obviously, Starbucks, the loyalty program and all those sorts of things. But I think what captain's point was earlier in the morning, I have a lot of time today, can you tell? Because it's like the Monday after Christmas. I think captain's point was that, like, he thinks that Ute's reward system is going to scale to, like, the level of web two Starbucks loyalty rewards program, which I applaud him for that kind of bullishness, but I don't have that in my soul. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Not your journey, would you say?
Speaker E: It's not my journey.
Speaker A: It's not, but I think it's. I think it's a really good point that you make as far as you and JP are making in the war room, about like, yeah, they're going to go and be the number one PFP on Polygon, but like, do we? Is that even something the world needs? And I don't know if what the answer is on that. I think it's funny. If you were listening to coffee this morning, Kevin was on, and it very much seemed like, you know, from the way he was talking about his interactions with the Polygon team, that they kind of believe that they maybe want to explore in this field a little more, and they've kind of ignored it up until now. And I don't know. I definitely think they've taken the right approach in the. In the, like, cadence in which they're doing this. As in the, like, they spent all of this year just absolutely crushing everybody in BD on these big brands. And now, you know, they kind of. They've kind of built this narrative that's, you know, put Solana kind of out of business in terms of that kind of stuff. Right. And so these guys jumping over, it makes sense that they would go, okay, businesses first, now community. But, like, to your point, I don't even know if we need it chamber. Do we need a PFP on Solana?
Speaker B: On.
Speaker A: Sorry. On polygon? Yes. Sorry.
Speaker B: I don't know if it's a necessity, but I think. Wasn't Kevin saying, I was listening to a little bit of coffee with captain. But wasn't it more so for ease of entry? I mean, I know it's a loaded statement, but as far as fees and stuff like that, like somebody buying a d goddess, you know, a few, you know, six $7 transaction fees, not a big deal. It sounded to me like they wanted to do more smaller things, maybe in the ute's universe, which would, you know, allow for, like, allow for polygon being kind of the better chain. I don't know.
Speaker A: Again, I was, you know, like, CT just mentioned that, you know, the ute's, I guess, aspirations here are that they want to create this kind of web three loyalty rewards center around ute's, right? So, like, there could be an angle there from. Maybe from a scalability standpoint, but definitely from a partnership standpoint. Like, I can tell you right now, just from dealing with the people over at Polygon. Like, they will. They will 100% introduce these guys to every one of these businesses that are building on Polygon. I know that for a fact. Because they're doing it with us, right? Like, they're not only from a Starbucks side, but, like, a forum three side, because we kind of. We're, you know, we have a relationship over there. So, like, they're talking about introducing us to x, Y, and Z and all these folks. And so they're going to do that in spades with, with ute's if they think that they're like maybe this is a larger polygon play to kind of create this kind of, I guess, network effect from these companies that are doing stuff into introducing them to this community that these guys are very good at building. So you know, it's definitely an angle there. Des, I'd love your take on what was said and then we'll go back to CT.
Speaker C: No, I mean, yeah, it's. I kind of all agree with it. You know, CT made some good points along with JP Casde. Oh wow, that statement hurt me. No, made some really good points. You know, it's probably not necessary as far as the, like the system architecture and what is really valuable on Polygon. Right. With the microtransactions. But that could be just a signal from Polygon that they want to do, you know, more than just gaming. And they want to build communities and have web three culture. And like you said, they're partnered with some of the best web two brands in the business. They don't actually have that much great culture NFT community with them. So maybe that's the help kind of balance it and you know, it's a. It's, it's a. I think it's a good move. It's kind of like a roulette table, right? Instead of stacking all your chips on a place, they're kind of spreading them out and seeing what works. And you know, worst case scenario, there have been many bridges from Polygon over back to layer one. So it's not a huge risk for them or the project. I think it's pretty cool.
Speaker A: Yeah, I definitely want to see what this grant looks like that they're talking about because they. I mean, they've said, I saw a tweet from Kevin that said that they're going to actually kind of come out with the details of what that looks like. I just wonder if like they tied directly into them from an equity standpoint or anything like that in which that would make it a little harder, what you just said to kind of bridge back over. But I'm curious to see what that looks like. But if they did give them a big grant like that, obviously Polygon as a chain sees something there to kind of help build and promote and bridge the gap between these web two behemoths they have over there and what these guys can do. We have our second poll of the day up there. Which chain should ute's be on polygons, Solana or ETH. Also invite anybody else out in the audience to come up and share your opinions. Anytime. Just request and we will get you up here. For now, let's go back to CT.
Speaker E: I also had another question that I might have missed this, but I have seen sort of a lot of back and forth around. Are they full on moving from Solana to Polygon? Or is it like a multi chain situation? Because in like, the Milk Road newsletter today, which is my favorite newsletter, not sponsored, I saw that they were like, hey, you know, they're leaving Solana. Like, this is crazy. You know, like, rest in peace, Solana. And then I see other tweets that are like, no, this is a great multi chain approach. You know, they're not leaving Solana. They're embracing it. So what is the truth here? Does anyone really know? That'd be great.
Speaker A: Yeah, I, from what I heard this morning, it's going to be largely a full on move over time. The way they described it was the way Kevin described it and the way I understood it by this was basically that, you know, come d God season three, right? They're going to basically lock and kind of move to, like, you're going to have to actually bridge your and d God over to eth. And they are not going to allow kind of whatever utility is going to be for these season 3D gods to be completed on Solana. So, like, he's been talking about, you know, the art upgrades and, you know, he just, he talked today about, like, being able to upgrade your art and toggle on between, like, male and female traits and male and female versions of d gods and all of these things. And he basically said, yeah, no, if you don't bridge your, bridge your d God over, you won't be able to do any of that stuff. So it sounds like over time, the, you know, they'll have the, they'll still exist over there because they, you know, they can't not. But they. Whatever they're doing in the future will only be applied to, I guess, the new chains. It seems like. I'd love to.
Speaker E: That makes me, like, a little more confused, honestly, because it's like, shouldn't it be, or I. Sorry, I saw Steve is in the building because there. Shouldn't it be like a all or nothing situation, you know, like, you know?
Speaker A: Yeah, I just don't know if they, if it's like you kind of, once you create them, they're there. So, like, it's, it's this weird thing he also definitely described it as. He also just definitely described it as like this. And you know that they're very into this gamification of. He described it as you either play the game or game the play. Right. As people will either kind of play the game and move, or they'll find a way that the arb on the other side makes more sense for them. So, like, you'll see people holding on to original d gods and not having upgraded them yet. And so there's a lot of probably game theory that will happen around. This would be my guess. But I think. But it, but it is. It's a tough thing because they're definitely, you know, they're going to exist on the Solana. They're going. They're. They have to. They can't just like, you know, delete them. Uh, Steve, jump in here with your take. Uh, from the direct conversation you guys had with Kevin this morning.
Speaker F: Yeah. Gm from the high seas. I was going to say, are you.
Speaker A: Officially on a boat now?
Speaker F: Yes. Yes, I am. I'm so fancy. Um, what I was going to say is that part is why I actually hopped up. So basically, currently, ute's are not, or tubes are not going to bridge over, because tubes, it makes no sense to bridge over. They built the entire sort of tube mechanism of how you receive a tube on Solana. So those are going to stay there. D gods. Similarly, there are d gods that aren't dead gods yet. Right. So, like, those are obviously going to be still on Solana at the moment and not bridged over as well. So the idea is like, there could be existing stuff on there, like a dead God, which theoretically, or a d God, which is theoretically turned to a dead God, and claim a tube which hasn't yet. So that stuff all exists on Solana. But moving forward, it's almost like there's sort of a line in the sand where if you want to participate in d God season three. So as an example, he mentioned that they are putting out, and I hadn't heard this. This was news to me this morning, that they're actually going to have a sort of a switch that lets you sort of go back and forth. So no matter which one you buy, you can have a male or female traded d God or dead God, which I thought was pretty cool when they do season three, because they want to start bridging out and being more gender neutral in that particular way as well. So that would have to happen, for example, on eth because that'll happen after the bridge. So dead God you have the choice to bridge over that'll let you participate in moving forward. If not, there'll be legacy on Solana. And then. Yeah, similar thing with Ute's going over to Polygon. So it's basically like, it's a bunch. You kind of nailed it. That's. You kind of hit what I said right as I came up, which is the existing projects are there, so you can't force someone to bridge it over. But once they bridge over, they can continue to participate in the project. But there's a. Again, sort of a game to be played there. To your point about, do you have a d God that hasn't been turned into a dead God? Do you have a dead God that hasn't claimed its tube yet? Do you have a tube that hasn't been used yet? So the legacy parts of the ecosystem can and will exist on Solana, but as they bridge over, to continue to participate in things moving forward, if you want to be active, you'll need to bridge over to Eth Polygon. So that's sort of the nuance there. I don't know if that made any sense, because it's like any other really complicated ecosystem. Like, I mean, try explaining board API club to someone who doesn't understand it or anything else. Right. But that's kind of the nuance of it.
Speaker A: Yeah, I know. I think that's spot on. And basically it comes down to what's the past? Whatever they've done in the past stays there. And in order to participate in the future, you'll have to either bridge or not be able to. This is essentially what it boils down to. And then there's all these other weird mechanics that'll kind of be this de facto gamification that they're kind of. You know how they do. They're going to give you choices and make you decide what's best for. For the arb. Let's go to Emily and then von Fronten. Emily, what's up?
Speaker G: Yeah, sorry, I'm a little out of breath. I'm walking with my dogs. Gotta get that exercise in after Christmas.
Speaker A: I feel that. Holy cow.
Speaker G: Oh, God. My body is like, yeah, so, like, what I think is kind of funny about the funny strange. I don't know about the narrative of people like, that are kind of taking the die hard soul angle, and they're like, oh, I'm never gonna bridge. It's like you're gonna miss out on all the real value. Like, I don't know, it's like not upgrading to having like, heat in your house and, like, demanding to continue building fires or something. Right. Like, you're gonna miss out on all the benefits that you have. It's just gonna be easier. So, like, think of events going forward. You're not gonna be able to get an event ticket on Solana. You're gonna have to get it on ETH and just kind of all of those ramifications going outward. And then on the subject of polygon, I added a graphic to the chat. A lot of people think Polygon is like just a layer too, but it's the entire business the polygon has built has been specifically for scaling solutions. So, like, yes, they have a layer two, and they also have a side chain, and they also have a bunch of other really interesting stuff that they're doing. Like, everyone was a fade polygon because that's, like, where the scam nfts all came from, right? And that's what everyone's, like, kind of learned to fear. But the network itself is really cool. It just happened to be chosen for that because at the peak of it, it was, you know, $20 just to transfer an NFT, let alone, like, minting something or it was costing us sometimes a couple hundred dollars, right. So it was just easier to do stuff on polygon and cheaper. Like, I built a few things for that fact alone. So, I mean, knocking it because it's efficient and that's, like, where people chose to put their scams, because it was cheaper to scam there, I think is, like, kind of a funny reason to hate on it. And at the same time, like, I think this is a very targeted effort on their behalf. I think that they understand that a key part of the culture is going to be driven. Like, the adoption is going to come from us, right? It's all of us people that are, like, collecting nfts and flipping them. And, like, we like the psps, we like the community. We want to see cool stuff built in the blockchain. I don't think the type of really grassroots adoption that they're seeking is going to come from things like Starbucks and Nike and Reddit. Like, it's a good way to get people into it, but those aren't going to be the brands that teach people at its core, like, what it's really about that can't come from corporate culture. I think that has to come from the people, like, the real consumers of it. It's a very hard thing to be fed from, like, some giant conglomerate that's like, yeah, this is, this is about community and the people, and it kind of just makes you roll your eyes. Right. Meanwhile, if it's like, your friends that you hang out with and, like, do silly things with at NFT events and get to know in Twitter spaces and stuff, it just feels a lot more sincere. And I think Polygon understands that at its core, and that's why they went so hard for it.
Speaker B: That's a good point. I actually have two kind of two things to add to that. You know, when you were saying just regards to, you know, some people are just, you know, hanging on to Solana for dear life and saying they're not going to, you know, Bridge. And you see, and I've said this many times, like, over the years, you just see certain people, we'll call them Maxis, whether they're bitcoin, maxes, ethereum, Maxis, whatever, miss out on things because of their maxim. This is the new term I'm going to coin today.
Speaker A: Dig it. I dig it.
Speaker B: But, yeah, like, it's crazy how many people will give up opportunity because of their, you know, their belief in something, or they've really just, you know, planted their flag on one particular thing and for whatever reason, they can't. They can't, you know, whether they're. They think they're going to be seen as, you know, a flip flop or whatever. I. They can't change their opinion on something and they miss out. I've seen it. I've seen it with all coins. When we're talking about bitcoin, Maxis, I've seen it in Defi. A lot of altcoin traders never got into DeFi because they thought that was something. And a lot of my crypto friends didn't really get into NFTs because they were waiting for the next big altcoin run that never happened or that next coinbase listing that was going to make them a millionaire. And when you get like that, you do miss those opportunities. So 100%, I agree with you. You need to be flexible in this space. So if a project that you love is changing, try to be flexible with that. And the other thing, too, I posted yesterday for clout that I think, honestly, I think the only.
Speaker A: Why else do you post?
Speaker B: There's no other reason why. But. But the only cryptocurrencies to really pay any attention to at this point are bitcoin, ethereum, USD, and polygon matic. That's it. There's literally nothing else. I feel like I've been around long enough to have a fairly good opinion. If there's any other cryptocurrency worth its weight? It's not out yet. I think literally everything else you can kind of put in the, you know, if you want to trade it and make some money that way, that's one thing. But I think those are the four to focus on.
Speaker A: Are you counter? Are you, like, contradicting your maxism at the same time by just stamping three and only three, four, technically.
Speaker B: Sorry, Peg, but I'm saying as of today. As of today, again, if you asked me a year ago, I would have said Solana. I would have.
Speaker A: Yeah. No. Yes. You used to love the Sam coins. Absolutely.
Speaker G: I just have one more thing to add about Solana as a blockchain in general, is that Solana's basically architected to go to zero. And I think that's a really interesting component of it. And I think that's something that, you know, Frank and Kevin and the rest of the team is aware of. Like, the fact that with every advancement in hardware, it gains efficiency and gets cheaper and cheaper to use is really cool. But at the same time, like that, that makes it designed to go to zero, which makes sense for enterprise, but it doesn't make sense in, like, the B two c sense, which is what we're in.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's a good point. And I actually didn't even totally realize that until I was listening in on that space that you were in, Emily, the other day, where they were talking about exactly that. And I actually found that fascinating. So, like, the idea that, you know, eventually, one Solana is all you would need for the history of your entire transactions on the network is totally to your point that, well, then it's hard to create consumer value there on something. So I think that's a good point as well. I did add Emily's graphic to the top if you want to check that out. So thank you for posting that. We'll go to von Fraun in a minute. I just want to check in on the polls right now. John Daley is actually winning the golf poll chamber. And then followed by. You love to see it.
Speaker B: What a threesome that would be.
Speaker A: Nobody gives a shit about playing with Tiger. Actually, 27%, that's. It's still fairly close. Mackie put emojis next to these, and somehow, for some reason, he put cheese next to yours. I'm not really sure why, but I'm here for it. The other poll so far, 61.9% have answered that ute's should be on Ethereum. The other 38 said Polygon. 0% of the votes said Solana. So I think we're showing a little bit of our chain biases here, but. All right, you got the first toilet bowl in Vod front. Get in here. What's up, Mandy?
Speaker D: Hey, how you doing, guys? So two things actually in chamber, and Emily had, I think, amazing points first. I mean, I'm a huge fan of medic. I was fortunate enough to ride the manic wave of whatever was early 21. Loved that time. But, I mean, I think that. So two things, you know, and less on the Solana Maxis, but more on the polygon haters, I think for the people that are saying like, oh, hey, here's a picture of the Polygon community, and they show little pictures of three people, and there's no one there. Well, look, I mean, did anyone really build a community on Ethereum before bored apes came around? Of note, you don't do it until somebody does it, and then it becomes common sense that everybody does something like that. And now we have communities all over Ethereum at one point in time that didn't exist. I wonder if two years, three years from now, if this experiment of ute's on Polygon works out, is that just the other norm? And you don't have to be on theorem to have a community, and you get all of the other benefits that Emily has pointed out in the graphic, as well as maybe exposure to other web two brands. So I think that's one thing that feels like a lot of people are going for hot takes really early. I'm more of a wait and see kind of guy, but I think it's, you know, it doesn't exist until somebody creates it. And then when somebody creates it, you wonder how it never existed. I think on the second thing, just on Polygon, you know, in general, I, you know, you look at their strategy, you look at their approach. It's just that it seems to be, and I've got no inside, you know, information here, but it seems to be just a different approach than other chains are taking. It is very much an m and A, you know, partnership type of approach, and a little less organic, which is fine. We've been on coffee and other places talking about different acquisition strategies that companies like Apple and Amazon and Google have made, and it fits. And I think it can be a good strategy. I think they're executing it flawlessly. At least this year they are. And so maybe they're just going to show a different model. Not everything has to look like the models that exist today. I think between, you know, Polygon, they seem to be a bit, a bit of experimenters and a bit of thought leaders, definitely. Frank and Kevin are out there on the edge. I think it's kind of a match made in heaven. I'm going to be really interested to see what they all build together.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's a super important take that you just mentioned as well, of just like kind of, hey, did it, has, was this a normal thing to do on ETH before somebody did it? And I think that's interesting when you, especially when you think of like what Kevin kind of said this morning about viewing these blockchains almost as operating systems rather than these big cult things that they seem to be right now in the space. And so it's like, well, the difference is not whether you should build a community on Solana or Ethereum or polygon, it's should you build a community at all? Right. And I think the answer is yes, there. So do it. Where you maybe have the best edge is, is a way to go. Right. Like playing where there's not. And they see upside in that space. And I think that's why they're splitting it too, right. Because I think they see opportunities on both chains with different, with the different projects. So I just think that's a, a super important piece of this that when we think, oh, dude, does Polygon need a PFP? Well, maybe, maybe not. But I think all of these chains will at some point have large communities that form. And is there a web three native community yet on Polygon? I think probably the closest thing would be Zed. But the corporates that are there so far are you kind of, you know, they're all operating in their own marketplaces like Starbucks and like draftkings. Right. So they're not necessarily just throwing out people into the web three pool yet. So I think the closest thing we have to that on Polygon right now is Zed. And that's a pretty strong community. It's not a profile picture community, but it's a strong community. And so I think it's out there. I think there's more to be had there. So I think that's a really great point, Steve, let's go to you. But first, before we go to you, I did want to your, bring up your comments that you left under the chat here. Let's not forget that bunch of bets. And I believe chamber, I think chamber as well.
Speaker F: No, wasn't chamber. Wasn't she not chamber. Or was it just Des who was left out in the cold?
Speaker A: Des did not get the merch kit but chamber. And I did chamber. You got the Solana merch?
Speaker B: I did get this. I'm waiting for my sweater. I didn't get that.
Speaker A: I got.
Speaker B: Oh, sorry, the Solana one or the ute's one? Sorry.
Speaker A: No, the Solana stuff back in Solana.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah.
Speaker F: This is like just like two years ago or something.
Speaker D: Wasn't it like a while?
Speaker B: Yeah, I got my Solana gear. My mom. I got. I got so much. I think I got a pack for my wife and my mom, too. So they're all sporting it looking like a.
Speaker A: All signed by SPFD. Yeah, personalized. So, yeah, we both were just for wearing it at the grocery store. Yeah, that's funny. Back to chamber. Do you want to chime in on anything or can we kick it back to Emily?
Speaker B: I want to hear what Steve has to say.
Speaker A: Oh, sorry, I skipped Steve. Sorry. Go ahead, Steve.
Speaker F: No, it's totally cool. I was just going to say a couple things. Like, with one von front said, so, like two, I'll make a couple quick points and then I'll kind of jump down to listener and let everybody else kind of ramble. But because I'm. Because I'm rambling. I know, but bond front. Great point. Like, people act like community was a thing in nfts prior to like two years ago. As if, like, there's this legacy thing that they're bumping against. Right. So I think that was a really good point. And I would even go one further to say, like, there was, you know, Kevin at this point last night, I think when he got kind of annoyed when he was being pressed on a spaces where he was like, someone was like, there's no community and there's nothing going on on Polygon. He's like, there really wasn't on Solana when we minted either. So let's not forget that at some point recently, they were. I mean, in the past, like, you know, month or so, they're like 60% of the volume for NFTs on Solana, which is not a great place to be, number one. Number two, they incubated the Solana ecosystem in a lot of ways. When they created ute's, they brought the eth Maxis over who were Solana to mint you. So, you know, that's something they can certainly do again. And the last thing I'll say is, like, paying attention to people's plans when they tell you them, like, we have so many things where. Look, everybody knows I love moon birds, I love proof, but we still don't understand what's going on with cc zero, right? We have. We don't have clear transparency on that. Kevin and Frank are telling you exactly what their intentions are. When they minted ute's, they told you the plans here are IP and corporate partnerships, big ones. When they made this move, they're saying the plan is IP and corporate partnerships, and we are being introduced to these bigger brands, and that's the direction we want to go. So I think, you know, what you said there, Joe, is kind of the direction I was going to go, which is like, they're looking at it like software. And for them, if they're going to do these large corporate partnerships and there's going to be a lot of transactions, they're like, well, this is probably the best software. And not to mention they said they're going to incubate projects which are then going to release on that chain. So they're essentially going to incubate an entire blockchain for this sort of community level. So, you know, it's an interesting challenge, but it's something they've successfully already done on Solana, moving it over to a better chain that seems like it has a stronger future. I don't think that's bad. And the last thing I'll say is, when they talk about multichain, I actually think the way that they're approaching the system is really smart in the sense that they're now going to be on Ethereum, they're going to be on Polygon, but they're also staying on Solana. Dust dust labs. I think Kevin said 80% of their clients for dust labs are Sol. So it's not like dust labs is going to cease to exist in that. And I just think, looking at it to his point this morning, what you just said, Joe, is this is software that sort of powers the back end of what we're trying to do on a variety of different ways and finding the best one for your solution. I don't think it was just like, oh, securing the bag and moving over to Polygon. I think it's, this is the best solution. And as a bonus, we're going to get to do this. And Ethan, for a sort of legacy, PFP is a good solution. So I don't know, I'll kind of leave it at that. But I think that those are. It's important to sort of like, I think a lot of times where people create their own narratives and create their own map roadmaps to fill in the blanks. This is one of the few teams where you can simply listen to what they'll tell you and you can learn exactly the direction that they're going. And I think that we have a pretty good idea. I mean, in the past 24 hours, they've been pretty clear about why they made the move, which, frankly, you don't get with, I would say, literally any other NFT, like finding another NFT project that has this level of transparency in the space. So I'll leave it at that. And.
Speaker A: And I'm done talking chamber. I'm not sure I'm going to give you the opportunity because I have to, but I'm not sure there's anything there you want to fight with Steve about, but go ahead if you do.
Speaker B: No, there's nothing. Steve always makes good points. He's very, he's a very well thought out fella.
Speaker A: He sure is.
Speaker B: Nothing, nothing. Nothing to combat there, for sure.
Speaker A: All right, then. Let's kick it back down. Emily.
Speaker G: Hey, sorry. I was like, trying to post a exemplary picture of how hilly my neighborhood is. So I stopped getting funnel for being.
Speaker A: I thought we were gonna get. Yeah, I thought we were gonna get a dog selfie or something.
Speaker G: Oh, I mean, they're just, you know, they're always just panting. But, yeah, so I talk about this a lot, but I'll talk about it again because it doesn't click for everybody right away. Something like the way that people look at different blockchains doesn't really do them justice as far as where they sit in the world of technology. At their core, blockchains are decentralized and they work having these stacked blocks that record the transactions. But ultimately, each one is basically its own tech platform. And they all come with different features and some of them let you do more stuff than others. So, like, bitcoin is pretty scaled down, but it's also like the first one, right? And it's, you know, essentially like a proof of concept for everything else that we're dealing with. But at the same time, it's fully decentralized because there's no one there managing it. So, like, it has its own merits. And then you go and look at something like Ethereum, and Ethereum has smart contracts which enable us to do content in data management through nfts. Like, a lot of people look at an NFT and they're like, oh, it's a picture. And there's some data, but, like, it just happens to be a picture this time in this meta. But it really is the ability to combine key data points that describe what you're looking at. Plus you know, a song or video and then you can send them through smart contracts. And a smart contract is basically a.
Speaker A: Workflow.
Speaker G: Flow that's been configured to work on a blockchain that says, follow these rules when you interact, stick, whatever it is. So by putting all choosing web three overall, you have a huge advantage on tech development. And then if you go beyond that, especially in the context of what happened with Lastpass, you start looking at wallets and using a web three enabled site to log in using your wallet as your identity. And what that gives you is a very complex problem that I've solved for three separate companies, which is basically dynamic content control, which means that the company or whatever that's making this, you know, web three enabled site has a specific set of stuff that they want you to see based on the things that. So they're able to continuously make a very niche experience for each different user depending on what their profile looks like or wallet. And it also removes the single point of failure. Whereas in the past they used to have enormous, you know, security teams building all of this stuff for them, now it's just a matter of protecting the content and making sure that the only way to unlock it is through something like your web three wallet. Instead of centralizing all of the user profiles and the user controls and all the password protection and offering, you know, SSO or two fa or whatever these different things are that, you know, fit their business model. So, like, simply by choosing a blockchain for your tech stack, you have a huge advantage when you're building these, you know, new great applications and you have this sincerity that comes through it where it's nothing. Google mining my data and selling it back to, you know, whatever company so that they think that they're going to sell me the right thing and have a better chance at a sale, it's that I chose to buy this NFT or use this product and they've created the curated experience special for me. So, like, I now have a more sincere relationship with this business instead of this kind of convoluted who's stealing who spying thing that's been going on. And I think that's also something that they definitely understood over at dust labs. And they, you know, like someone said earlier happened to choose that these were better platforms to move forward on for what they're trying to solve for. And maybe part of that platform is literally just ease of use, right? Like solidity is super similar to JavaScript and Rust was like abandoned by Mozilla and then picked up for this blockchain like not a common language, people don't know it. Every engineer knows JavaScript, like nobody knows rust, so it's weird and nuanced in that way. But I think it makes perfect sense if you start thinking about it at that kind of software component type level.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's, it's funny. Like it, I mean first of all, I think you simplified some really complex things to explain there, so thank you for that. I think that's awesome. But I think, I mean when you look at it through that lens, it seems so silly to like even be having the kinds of conversations that we're having at like some of these, you know, feeling like wars between blockchain levels, right. And it's just kind of the nature of these communities that form and people have this tribalism and things like that. But when you explain it that way around like what the underlying technology actually is, I think it's a much clearer vision and picture there. So I appreciate you jumping in and kind of explaining all of that the way you did because I thought it was, you know, I thought it was really easy to understand. I see a punter came up, I don't see a hand, but I see your speaker, so I want to throw it to you. Punter, to chime in if you wish.
Speaker H: I, yeah, you know, I'm like Steve Hand or not, we always have something to say and we could probably talk about it for, you know, ten to 15 minutes uninterrupted. So that's, that's part of the value we try to bring. But. Go ahead bunch.
Speaker A: No, that's it. I just wanted to see if you.
Speaker H: Yeah, I got, I got a quick take and you know, 1st first of all, hey, shout out to Em. I love listening to her, even if she is sort of mini rugging, but because she always brings value and sort of educates us in ways that others cannot. So shout out to you girl, just real quick. One point that I wanted to bring up that I thought was really interesting from coffee this morning was how Kevin kept touching on the fact that they really see ute's as like a, he was talking about it being like non gender based, but you know, they're working on that with like the ability to toggle back and forth between sort of a male and female Persona. But, but also like how they really are starting to look at ute as like their, you know, acceptable sort of family friendly type platform. It doesn't have any cigarettes, it doesn't have this, it doesn't have that, that sort of really resonated with me. I think it was like a point that we didn't really hit on too hard. But it sort of tells me that the whole polygon thing is really about making ute's like a mass market, really going completely mass market with it. And it sort of makes me wonder if some, at some point, like a brand like pudgy penguins might get off, if not get off eth sort of, you know, put something on Polygon as well. I don't know, brunch. Because like, you know, the microtransaction thing and the way that, you know, polygon is trying to become ubiquitous. I'm just wondering if like, if stuff on ETH is ever going to be as, you know, like, you know, I get to reuse the word ubiquitous as something like poly and I don't know, there was a nugget there.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think it. I think it's a good point. I think it totally depends on how you use the NFT as well. Right? Like, I mean, for something like a pudgy penguins, from my, from what I know about kind of what their game plan is, it's, it's, it's an I. It's a. It's a largely IP play from my understanding. So it doesn't necessarily require, I don't think, the same level of transacting back and forth as far as speed or cost. You're buying into something to use largely for an IP place. So I think there's probably still a place for a lot of that. But then you have a ton of stuff where eth just wouldn't make sense. Right. I mean, for a lot of reasons, the transaction piece is the transaction cost and transactions per second piece is a big factor for a lot. But then just from, you know, I mean, there's, there's tons of reasons to choose one chain over another. As Emily was saying, with just the feature set. Right. There's. So there's. It'll be really interesting as things evolve here. But I definitely agree with you that from the sounds of it, they're definitely trying to make ute's a mass market play. As far as, I mean, you heard Kevin talk about this a couple times now, but it's most recently as this morning, just about how they really went about trying to make ute's like completely and totally brand safe. I think he described it this morning as like, you could see them, you know, promoting a pacifier or, you know, draftkings. Right. Like, so from a brand safety standpoint, it feels like that's what they're trying to do to be able to kind of bring in some of these partners that may not relate to some of the traits we see in other collections. So I think you're totally spot on there, Chamber. I'll throw it back to you, Ponder. And then we have a couple minutes here to wind down. Looks like we had a last minute surge for the greatest of all time, and Tiger woods pulled ahead of both Chamber and John Daley. So rip chamber, you're don't like, sorry, my life.
Speaker B: Nike bought it the pole.
Speaker A: Our spaces numbers are not.
Speaker I: But I do have my hand up.
Speaker A: Yeah, we'll close it down with you. We'll throw it back to punter for a rebuttal. We'll close it down with you and then back to chamber.
Speaker H: No, just 30 seconds. Yeah. So d gods is on ease, and that is their sort of go head to head with Bay C. B a Y c. Sorry, don't want to be labeled a psychopath for calling it Bay C. The board ape yacht club. So d gods is on eth goes head to head with the board ape yacht club. Ute's is their sort of big brand, you know? You know, trying to onboard the masses sort of brand, big brand appeal with cheap transactions. I think it's a great strategy. It sounds like they're covering all the bases and I'm done talking. Thanks.
Speaker A: No problem. Let's last hand of the day. Help me pronounce your name. Is it D Kyo?
Speaker I: Yes, it is D Kyo. And sometimes I wonder if I get skipped over because people are afraid to pronounce my name, which makes me wonder if I should change it back to.
Speaker A: That's actually really funny because it's. I was. I'm literally sitting here sweating as I'm inviting you to talk because I'm like, I am definitely going to. I almost actually kicked it to chamber to make him do it, but I didn't want to. I saw that.
Speaker I: Well, I mean, you know, it's one of. Or I could do that whole phonetic thing from LinkedIn, you know, but it's one of those things where, like, depending on the mood I am in, I'm like, always, like, well, you know, people are just skipping over. Cause I'm a woman, or, no, my name is hard to pronounce because nobody's seen it before, you know, but it's actually just a word I made up from my initials.
Speaker A: Well, there you go then. You're innovating, and it's okay for me to be scared of new things it's totally okay.
Speaker I: It's totally okay. I really, really loved what Emily said about smart contracts. I thought that was really helpful. And especially, you know, I come not from a software engineer background, but from data science and AI and machine learning. And I know that, you know, smart contracts have been very interesting, at least to me, from that perspective, because I know there are people who are using natural language processing to make the whole process of making business contracts more, I guess, efficient, accessible in different languages. But it seems like chat GPT can just do that in a second. So, you know, I'm not the people, I'm not the person who's been developing these NLP solutions. I've been covering them, and I do, I am a data scientist, so I do understand. But so I'm not, I'm not feeling like, whoa, this, this chap GPT just skipped over all my, like, ten years of work. You know, I don't have that perspective as some, you know, web two data scientists do. I think it's just purely exciting, but I do think it's really interesting how fast things can move in this space, and it just makes it more essential for people to kind of, you know, throw away that pride that people have and web two only, and so start to do some more integrations, because, you know, at this point, we should all be celebrating when something succeeds in an early way, in the way that chat GPT and these smart contracts have. So that's all I wanted to say. I'm excited. I think it's really cool to be talking about these things, man.
Speaker A: I think that is such an awesome point and a great way to end the show is, like, to your point of, of, we're still so kind of early in this, and it moves so quickly that we should be celebrating all of these things that are happening anytime we see some of this, you know, bullish news on whether it protects your. Whether it, you know, pumps your bags or not or whether it's your preferred chain or not. But, like, I. We're really in this space that's innovating every single day, and it should all be celebrated, I think, because we're here during this bear market, pushing the space forward with just even this conversations that we have. I'd be interested to see where chat GPT goes in 2023. I've seen some crazy threads and stuff about it with Google. I think we. I think Dakaio jumped out, but I'd be interested next time, feel free to come and join us. We do these spaces, if you have not heard us before we do these spaces every Monday, Wednesday and Friday from four to 05:00 p.m. eastern. So I'd be interested to hear Dakayo's take on chat, GPT and Google Next week or when we do these later in the week and chamber with that. Let's shut this thing down. Any final thoughts here?
Speaker B: I would say in closing, don't be, don't be a maxi, be flexible. We're part of the web three revolution. You don't need to be, you know, you don't need to be drilled down in one particular aspect of it. You need to, you need to enjoy the entirety of web three. And I think, I think that's the big takeaway.
Speaker A: Yeah, I agree. And you know that that's a good way to end it. So come and join us on Wednesday. What day is today? I don't even know what day.
Speaker I: It's.
Speaker B: Monday.
Speaker A: Yeah, it doesn't feel like, it really doesn't feel like a Monday. So come join us Wednesday. Same bad time, same bad channel. If you can't catch us on Wednesday, DJ Network has a full content calendar that would hopefully fit any time of the day that you're looking to get your chat on about all things going on in web three. Coffee with captain every Monday through Friday at 08:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. eastern. We've also got, as we said, our space every Monday, Wednesday, Friday. We've got NFT lunch break every day. Now at twelve to 01:00 p.m. eastern time, the airdrop sports report on Tuesday nights at nine, Alf afternoons, Tuesdays at four to five and Thursdays at four to five. And then the NFT night shift Mondays at 11:00 p.m. and Fridays at 11:00 p.m. god, we have a lot of content. Hell yeah. This is so much.
Speaker B: So much. I'm finishing up editing the 2022 year in review for crypto. It is gigantic. Turns out there was a lot of shit that happened in 2022 in cryptocurrency. It's a why.
Speaker A: I know.
Speaker B: Drop later today.
Speaker A: Yeah, I know. I asked you the other day if we did a predictions episode. Did you find out if we did?
Speaker B: I know I literally just got back and I haven't, I haven't gone through all.
Speaker A: We need to, we need to see if we had a prediction episodes last year.
Speaker B: I feel like I could probably get that ready for Friday.
Speaker A: All right, let's see. Let's see. Because I would love to see how fucking wrong we were on everything significantly wrong. Yeah. Anyway, that's going to do it for us. Until next. Next time, stay mint.
