Speaker A: Well, there you go. Des owes me tv.
Speaker B: Yeah, I was gonna say I've never brought it up, so I feel I have no financial restitution required on my end.
Speaker A: It's all right. I've got more tvs, I guess, but.
Speaker B: Well, you got tvs on tvs on tvs.
Speaker C: He's gonna show all those NFts.
Speaker A: If I needed to use that tv, I would have been right. All right, start the show.
Speaker C: This episode is brought to you by the Degen community network media for the decentralized generation. If you want to connect or to check out more great NfT and crypto content, go to dgen.net work. That's dgen.net work.
Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the Mint Condition podcast. I am bunchu, alongside my esteemed colleagues and co hosts, chamber and Des Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: I'm doing great. I'm over the moon that Des is back. I was. I was fearing for his health. I didn't know what was happening. I heard there was rumors of COVID I was, you know, I was worried. I was. I was really worried.
Speaker A: Des, it is so wonderful to have you back. How long has it even been? I don't know.
Speaker C: I think it's been a month. I think it's been a month.
Speaker A: Wow, that's pretty.
Speaker B: That's a long five years.
Speaker A: What's. What's been up in indev, the world of Des, in the last month, then?
Speaker C: World of Des is just been. Just been surviving Covid, you know, got that Covid poa, by the way. Just. I don't even know if I've told. Had a chance to tell you this, but amazing tweet that you let out after NFT NYC.
Speaker A: I feel like I started. I feel like I started that joke and I did not get nearly enough credit for it on Twitter. I always. Everybody took it. Everybody took that joke. And, like, you ever feel like you start a joke, chamber, that the whole world takes on it?
Speaker B: All the time, man. All the time.
Speaker A: I definitely. I'm pretty positive I started that one and then it went everywhere.
Speaker C: It was great. Yeah, it was a great tweet. So, yeah, just been surviving that. And then we actually had a month admits amidst that we had a big release in goats. We finally got out our marketplace, and so, you know, my concentration was. Was mainly on that. But, yeah, things are. Things are still, I would say, settling down, but really they're just ramping up again. So, yeah, I've been busy, but so, so excited to be on the show. You know, I've said it before. This is, this is my NFT therapy, so I don't have to pay an actual therapist for, you know, all the FOMO regret and all those stuff. I just get to talk about it here.
Speaker A: You know, it's funny that you say that because I feel like, you know, I should be billing so many people. Like, I, there's like, a lot of people that I should just be sending therapy bills to. So I'm glad that we could be your therapist as well. And, you know, chambers therapy style, I'm not too sure about. I don't know what chamber would be like as a therapist. What do you think? Chamber?
Speaker B: Oh, I wouldn't, you know. Yeah, no, I wouldn't be a good therapist. I'd be one of those manipulating therapists, you know, that I'm not good for people, put it that way.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I'm best left to my own devices.
Speaker A: Well, all right, let's, I mean, let's get right into it. Des, we do have a guest coming to join us at the 430 to 05:00 hour, so I want to get into, you know, some market stuff right off the bat here. What, what do you feel you need therapy on currently, Des? What are, what are we, what are we doing today? What are, what's, what's on your mind?
Speaker C: Honestly, I'm in pretty good spirits today. I kind of said that just because that's always my go to for this show. But honestly, I'm feeling, I don't know, feeling spirited. I mean, you look across the, the top projects on, you know, opensea, and they're all pretty green, so volumes doing okay. And, you know, it might be signs of things, positive things to come. I, you know, I can't not read any article that talks about the, you know, the shape of the market or where it's heading. And so, you know, I've been hearing everything, and obviously they released the inflation numbers yesterday. And, you know, it's interesting, you know, I think maybe the reactionary, well, it depends on how big the news is, but I feel like there used to be such knee jerk reactions from the financial sector to all this news and inflation in different financial sectors, but now I feel like it's cooling off. I feel like, you know, unfortunately, some of our drop has been baked into the number, so people know it's a bad market and we've kind of settled at a price. Just, you know, it. We'll see how it goes.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, you can see right, right around here that this is a four hour chart. Right around here is where the inflation news came out today. So one, I guess good sign is that we went down. We basically tested 1000 again and bounced pretty well off of that chamber. What are your, what were your thoughts looking at these charts?
Speaker B: I was monitoring the price.
Speaker A: First of all, I just want to say I nailed the bottom here again. Like this was a line that existed.
Speaker B: Before 4 hours ago, before the time of man. No, I was monitoring that price. I think starting yesterday we kind of saw, we kind of saw a little bit of a dip in the market. We got into the twelve hundreds and got back until around that 1150. And then I think the next day we got to that 1050 and then when I wasn't looking, it touched 1000 because I was kind of looking to buy around there. And obviously it bounced. It could have shit the bet a little bit there, which I was kind of hoping for little bit to get like a final capitulation, to be honest. But again, other bounce, we'll see where it goes. I'm not smart enough to know what the patterns are. If this is like a reverse Adam and Eve or this one's the.
Speaker A: This one's the McDonald's.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: McDonald's application. Golden arches here.
Speaker C: I like the w's better. I don't know.
Speaker A: Yeah, but I agree. The question is, have we hit bottom here yet? Chamber yes or no on your crypto with your crypto knowledge?
Speaker B: I don't think so. I think it's in part due to what Des was saying, the market still hasn't really, you know, fixed. You know, we're still in, in limbo, I find, in the. In legacy markets and, you know, there's so many things just looming, like worldwide, I find is really affecting the market and it's. And it's providing, you know, some uncertainty. So I think once we get more certainty in the legacy market, maybe we'll see a little bit more in crypto. But that I'm hedging my bets. I have some USDC on the side looking for, you know, looking for some, some opportunity buys. But, yeah, I just don't want to trick myself into buying at like 1300 when we could, you know, easily kind of bounce off or, you know, knock off that and go down further. So it's. Yeah, it's tricky. It's tricky times.
Speaker A: It is tricky times. I am not at all convinced that we've hit the bottom. So that's not a great thing. But so I'm just kind of chilling, waiting, seeing where we shake out. Des, where do you think the, you know, what's your. What's your vibe on the NFT market? I think we're seeing, you know, in the last week or so, volume has been about 20 million a day on opensea. You know, we had yesterday it was about, it was a little down. It was 15.8 million on OpenSea, 2.2 million on looks rare, Magic Eden, 2.2 million, x two, y two, 1.6 million. And then yesterday, GameStop did a million and a half, which was interesting. They had two exclusive drops or exclusive collections on the GameStop Marketplace, which was metaboy and ordinary NFT cards, but pretty steady volume. What's your current take?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, honestly, given the state of the market and the concern, it's just nice to see volume pretty stable. I mean, obviously we're way off all time highs and even just an average good day in the fall. But it's, it's nice to think stabilize just because that just means that even despite the bear market, people are still interested, people are still buying, people are still looking for value at the floor, which is really cool. That's what you see is a lot of still quick snipes for rare traits. Two interesting things happened in the overall culture of NFTs this past week, which I thought were, one was comedic and one was obviously a hot topic, but the comedic one, I thought was Alex Taub, your good friend, mister Bunchubette. Alex Tau puts out a tweet and goes, hey, don't want to spook anybody, okay? Don't want to cause a stir, but I am going to be buying a lot of moonbird or, I mean, a lot of goblins in the next day or so. Instant market goes up like 150%. I thought that was the funniest passive.
Speaker B: Hey, here we go.
Speaker C: We're going to send this as a rocket ship.
Speaker A: You know, it's funny. It's funny, though. Like, especially where I think you're going with this is like, you can't win in that situation. You know what I mean? Like, what are your options? Is like, do you, do you warn the people like you said, right? Or. And so it doesn't look like you're trading on insider info or whatever. Or do you not warn them and then be accused of it on the back end? Like, what's the, what's the.
Speaker B: See, I think the only move you can do there is, is if you're gonna, you know, I don't know what the number is, but say you're gonna buy 20, whatever, right? Whatever. The hot number, you know, whatever the hot ticket is. I think you have to space out the buys. I think, you know, maybe do three and then an hour later you do another three or whatever and then the smart people can say, hey, like, I could, I could easily. It's not like you bought, you know, 60 at once. You spaced it out. I think you can kind of be okay doing that. But yeah, no, you're definitely going to mess up the market if you put it.
Speaker A: So what was the, what was the other side of that token des, where you were going?
Speaker C: Oh, the Saudis obviously.
Speaker A: Yes. That's where I thought you were going.
Speaker C: 100%. That was everywhere, man. Yes. Saudis was, was super interesting and one of our, you know, long time acquaintances. The battle between Tyler, NFTs Anonymous and Faroque. And it was just, who do you pick?
Speaker A: What a cage match.
Speaker B: There are no winners in that match.
Speaker A: You know, it's just like there's a reason that all these, you know, different spaces have popped up, these like influencer boxing matches that have done really well. I feel like the NFT space is quickly becoming one of these spots that could have these big influencer boxing matches come up maybe next year at NFT NYC. But yeah, a whole bunch of stuff there. We talked at length about it on coffee with captain this morning, yesterday a little bit. But what was the takeaway? You know, mixed feelings, I think. But I think overall bad sentiment. Yeah, I mean, like Steve navigated that conversation like a pro. I'll see if he comments here. He's listening. But you know, he, it's an interesting topic because like you have, like you said, you have Alex on one end basically warning you he's going to buy and it causes a pump, right? And then you got the other side which basically looks like a dump on your followers, essentially. And it's like, you know, can't beat them either way, really. So I don't know. Interesting. But one of the other things that did happen yesterday, which was going on, your point of there is some signs of health in the market was this, what did you see this chamber, the 2500 ETH $2.6 million crypto punk sale?
Speaker B: I did not see that one.
Speaker C: Punks have been getting a ton of action. My favorite thing to come out of this is all the fake postings of, you know, bid just entered and it's just some bogus Twitter handle and they're all really funny. But I mean, honestly, the action on punks has been, been crazy given the fact that I thought it was kind of a barrier sentiment from yuga when they said, hey, we're just gonna let punks be punks. They're fine art and that's it. You know, I kind of, in my mind thought, oh, they'll try to fold this in. I mean, why else would you acquire it? Fold this into their ecosystem, kind of build it out a little bit. But they basically just said, hey, we're just gonna let punks be what punks have always been, which is fine art and the early history of NFts and it's crazy.
Speaker A: I actually think that's, I actually think that's super bullish.
Speaker C: Interesting.
Speaker A: You thought, you thought the opposite.
Speaker C: I did. Just because like, you know, I don't see how you read that sentiment and go, oh, now's the, you know, now's the time to buy a punk. Nothing's going to happen with them.
Speaker A: So it's almost like a, to me, it's almost like if it ain't broke, don't fix it. Like punks don't need to be anything other than punks. Like maybe it's cool if you give IP rights like you did with apes, but like, other than that, I think let punks be punks is kind of is the best case scenario, right? Like I don't want, you know, chamber, you're probably the wrong person as bullish or bearish that yuga's not going to mess with punks too much.
Speaker B: No, I'm with you. I do think we talked about a couple, I don't know, maybe like six, eight weeks ago, just about what we, what we would buy, you know, bigger projects that we would buy. I think we both mentioned punks for that specific reason, for the fact that this is, I mean there may have been other NFT, you know, projects out there prior to punks, but punks was kind of the first big one was the catalyst for, you know, Zed and, you know, was before, you know, it was before Zed, it was before Topshop, you know, before board apes. And it does have a lot of, I think, a lot of historic value, you know, considering the people that purchased them during the, you know, during the peak. I think Jay Z got one. Like, I mean, that's insane. Like it was, it was crazy. So if, if the price, I mean we, like I said, we both talked about this. If the price came down, I don't know, to a price where I felt good buying it like that, I would buy that over an 810 times out of ten.
Speaker C: There was no way it was ever getting down to chamber price.
Speaker B: Well, what's chamber price? 60?
Speaker C: I don't think you would have bought one. Unless it went down to, like, 30.
Speaker A: Maybe. I don't even know if he would. I don't even.
Speaker B: I think I.
Speaker A: For sure the number I had in.
Speaker B: My head was 40. Oh, I would. I would, uh. I would have purchased that 40 before. Like, before I'd have bought one.
Speaker A: I don't. I'd have maybe sold a moonbird for that. If it got there.
Speaker C: I'd have this weird, it's this super weird thing, you know, I have always just had a resiliency towards punks. And I think it's just because I don't fancy myself as being a part of that era where they boomed. And so there's this. I'm a weird person with that. I'm a little contrarian. Like, I'm a huge watch guy, but I will never own a rolex.
Speaker A: So would you rather. Would you rather you'd buy. You'd buy an ape then, before you'd ever buy a punk? Is that what you're saying?
Speaker C: I'd rebuy. Yeah, for sure. Just because that, to me, is, like, my era, my time. I have a connection with it. And I also think they're probably equal in, like, value. I. I do think the historical reference in a bear market is smart, just because, you know, next time this does boom. One of the first things to boom, when all the new people want, like, the OG, the most original, the historic reference of NFTs, they're gonna go to punks. So, you know, I don't think it's a bad buy. I just. I probably would never hold one myself, but, you know. Yeah.
Speaker B: I can't wait to make one, my PFP one day.
Speaker A: I actually. I think I would. Oh, man, it's a tough choice. I don't know if I would. I think I would buy a punk before an ape. I don't know. I really want an ape.
Speaker B: Big brain idea here. This is. That's the correct answer. And I would be rocking. Would you rock it as your PFP?
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, you'd have to, right? If you own a punk, it takes over the moonbird. And that's the PFP. But I want to go back to the conversation we were just having, right, about the kind of the goblin AJ tob alert before the buy. Then there's the contrasting Saudis debacle. But then we saw something very interesting yesterday, which I've never seen done before. I thought it was really interesting. And that is. That's what Kevin Rose and Moonbirds did. Des, did you see this?
Speaker C: No, I actually didn't.
Speaker A: Oh, well, this is very, very, very fascinating to me, and I think. I think you're going to love this. So Kevin Rose tweeted yesterday, yesterday morning, uh, we're trying an experiment. Going for a little more transparency. Here is one of our internal meetings. And he blurred the employee faces, but discussing their upcoming roadmap. So he actually put out a YouTube video of their recorded, um, internal meeting about their roadmap. So you got to see what they were discussing, how they were discussing, and kind of a peek into what the future of moonbirds holds, which is super interesting. So one of our good friends lacos here is put out a thread here about what we saw. Basically, moonbirds two, we saw that's coming, right. We've got electric boogaloo, guaranteed access to future moonbirds projects, I guess, for moonbirds. And that's moonbirds two oddities, high rise, proof of conference, which is cool. You've got ravens, which was the trademark. Could be like potentially like mutant apes is what we saw, what came out of this. And you know, there was a lot of really interesting things here on what's on the roadmap. What's your take on this approach? Like you've got. This is so far the other way of what we were just talking about. I thought this was very, really interesting.
Speaker C: It's really cool. It's really cool. I was just trying to look at Moonbirds Price. It's a really hard thing to ballpark because, you know, there's so few listed.
Speaker A: Currently at about 26.
Speaker C: It is down from yesterday when. When they announced this. So I don't know, I wouldn't read into that too much just because you know that the volume of listed, I mean, it's.
Speaker A: It's barely down. Like you've got this one. You've got one sitting at 25.99. And then it jumps directly to 27. So it's definitely, it's just some. It's somebody looking for some quick liquidity there. But uh, yeah, I think like you've got those two things and then this totally novel and crazy approach.
Speaker C: I think that's great. I think it's great. Honestly.
Speaker A: I mean, talk about like leadership in the space, you know, it's. It's pretty wild. And then you saw something else that should be table stakes, but is not in the space and. But it. So it was cool to see put out, I guess, but should be table stakes, which was the Zeneca Zen Academy statement that they put out yesterday. Did you see this?
Speaker C: No. Educate me.
Speaker A: So let me bring it up really quickly. Basically, Zen Academy and the team over there put out this statement about their ethical trading policy, basically what their internal policy is about when they get information before the public. So they put this out as like a 24 hours, I guess, ban or, you know, embargo on trading if they have any information prior, which, yeah, which I thought was interesting. But I mean, honestly, this should be table stakes, but, and this is how every project should act. But obviously we're in a space where, you know, information and Alpha is applauded and acted upon very often. So like, you know, what's your thoughts there? We've kind of hit all four of these, you know, all four different strategies here on this topic. And I didn't even know we were going to go here on the, on the show, but I think it's a good place to. Or good discussion.
Speaker C: Yeah, I was just looking at like the volatility of Zen Academy. It's not really that volatile. So I mean, good on them for releasing it. I don't know if it, like, I.
Speaker A: Think they're talking, they're talking about projects they work with that they get inside information.
Speaker C: Interesting.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker C: That makes more sense.
Speaker A: So like partnerships that they know an announcement is coming, right. Or, or things like that.
Speaker C: Yeah. It's transparency for, and Zen Academy is interesting because it's an influencer, obviously, but it's an influencer like community. And so, you know, I remember when influencers were, you know, pumping stuff up and, and then, you know, seeing huge, huge, huge rises in floor prices and people were so pissed when they wouldn't put like quote unquote hashtag ad or that they were affiliated with the project. So this is, this is nice level of transparency, honestly, from, from this community. So again, I'm all for it. There's, there's really no downside to that.
Speaker A: A couple of comments here before we get James from Clubhouse archives on Steve NFT. Bark says, surprised that when Yuga acquired punks, chamber didn't decide they're now worthless. I'm actually really surprised at that as well. Chamber, care to comment?
Speaker B: I'm actually just finding out that Yuga acquired punks.
Speaker A: Come on.
Speaker B: No, I like pa, I like punks. Punks are cool. They're the art that I hate the most. They're represented by a company that I don't hate.
Speaker A: Wait, you hate, you hate punks art?
Speaker B: I hate pixel art. Yeah, totally. Uh, by a. Yeah, huge. Absolutely. Um, yeah, I. All the art that I've liked has absolutely gone the garbage. So I just have to go against my instincts. It's very difficult.
Speaker A: Interesting. Well, um, I don't really know what to say about that because you have a moonbird PFP and.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: I.
Speaker B: $1,000 on a punk, maybe I do like pixel arts.
Speaker A: That's what I mean. Like, I don't understand that at all, but whatever, I'll give it to you. He man. Nft says that they had FOMo after watching that. That moonbird talk, and they were already a holder, so I agree. I left that pretty, pretty bullish. And then WSD FNYC, I guess, says, I think this is in regards to Zen academy. They're working on a PFP, so they're kind of getting ahead of stuff there as well, which is interesting. Yeah. So that. That. That covers our quick little market update and some, I guess, NFt morality discussion and a little crypto update. We got a lot done in this.
Speaker B: Yeah, we did.
Speaker A: That was good. Yeah. So now I definitely want to bring in our good friend James from clubhouse archives. James, how you doing, buddy up. You're muted. James is muted. That's all right. He's.
Speaker D: There we go.
Speaker A: There we go.
Speaker C: I can feel the excitement, though.
Speaker A: Yeah, I could do. I was like, he's got the energy, right, bringing it.
Speaker D: I was wondering if you could actually feel that, if that was coming through.
Speaker A: Yeah. It's oftentimes how I can, like, smell whatever chamber's got going on. I could feel that energy for you, from you.
Speaker D: I don't even know what to say in that regard, other than. Okay, sure.
Speaker B: This smells like, ck one.
Speaker A: It smells like tropicana and axe body spray combined. The two of them at the same time.
Speaker D: Uh, what I was going to say was, first off, um, hello, bunj. Hello, chamber. What I had said, though, when I was on mute and everyone was just kind of trying to see my mime, uh, impression was that Des was here. Um, and I did not know that he was going to be here. So that's like an added bonus. I thought I was going to never.
Speaker B: Know when he's going to be here.
Speaker D: But I got three friends. That's like a. It's almost like a bogo, in a sense. So I think that that's incredible.
Speaker B: Believe it or not, James Des is actually one of the co hosts of the show.
Speaker A: Little known, contrary to his appearances on the actual show and participation in our. Oh, there he is. Satoshi des. We never actually, before we get into clubhouse, while you're. While you have the spacesuit on, we never actually talked about why you did the entire episode that one time. That might have been the last time you were on. So Des did an entire episode like this, James, and we thought it was great. We're like, oh, my God, we've got Des here. He's a spaceman. And then we get off the show, and Des takes the, he takes the filter off. And he did the entire show like this because he was actually wearing his newborn child on his chest as he. So Des was not simultaneously doing a podcast and earning his father of the year nomination. And I just thought that was so funny. We had no idea until after the show.
Speaker D: I have a newfound respect for Des, not just for what he's created on the community and tech side, but to be able to do an entire show like that with a baby strapped to your chest. Kudos to you, my friend. Not really sure how you were able to do that without them knowing until the end. I mean, quiet baby. Good dad, I guess. Not really sure what's going on there.
Speaker A: Really great muting skills.
Speaker C: Got to think. Got to thank the baby on that one. Came through clutch, but yeah. And innovation is happening right here. This is, this is, this is the real deal.
Speaker A: Yes. But we are super excited to have you, James. I. We're. We got a big day for you happening right now. It is clubhouse archives, presale mint day. We had you on the show a couple weeks ago, talking and breaking down the entire project, but we wanted to, you know, get you back on for mint day and check in and see kind of where we get an update on where we left off last time. I wanted to show off some cool stuff because we have, we've had some updates to the, our key society things which are, which are super, super cool. So, James, really quick, before I show these off, can you tell people what clubhouse archives is? And then specifically, I guess, for the purpose of me being a show off, what the key society is.
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, look, clubhouse archives is a blockchain born apparel brand at the end of the day. And when I say that, a lot of people immediately in web three go to nfts. We are an NFT business, right? But we're selling clothing at the end of the day, we're selling brand and lifestyle. So whereas we're enhancing the user and customer experience through the NFTs, providing value and utility, which everyone is used to, all of our NFTs are going to come with a physical item. So I always, often would mention this, that I've had a conversation with our coo, Steven. He said, hey, what happens if the crypto space and all this kind of goes to zero. And my answer is always the same. We're still designing, developing and producing apparel. That's not going to change. Whether we're doing that for web two or web three really is indifferent. We are a brand that is going to develop over time. It's definitely a much longer play in terms of our businesses compared to probably other businesses that have existed in the past in the web three space. But we're a clothing brand and we're going to deliver value through tangible intimacy. We're all going to do it in a very cool and unique way. We're still going to provide that same kind of value that I've been doing for the past 22 years at this point. I appreciate the first question. The second question that you had was, what is the key society? And that's a really interesting question. I wasn't expecting assets, but have an easy answer for it. We have developed a group of individuals that each hold, as we say, a unique key to our success. And we firmly believe that for a multitude of reasons, we've selected 80 members to represent the key society. Those members are across various facets of industry, from music, entertainment, sports, the web three community. I've got a few familiar faces on here with me now, actually, but all incredible, unique individuals that provide value, really through the advice that they can offer as we navigate the waters of growing out this business. And we're going to rely on them in various points throughout the journey because this is going to be, as you would expect, a very long journey that's going to build a business that creates ultimate value and they're going to be in our corner and at our side. Long winded answer, but there you go.
Speaker A: No, I think it's a great answer. And the reason I ask is because I, James, knowing you for the past, you know, couple months, and seeing you kind of build this and talk about it, I do. I know one thing about you and it's that you're extremely humble. And then when I see the folks that are actually part of this key society advisorship that you've put together, it's an extremely impressive group chamber, and I are honored to actually be part of it. And we are probably the least impressive folks in the entire group. I'm going to ask you to name drop some of the advisorship here because I'm blown away by the connections in not only the web three space that you've made, but in fashion and sports and things like that that are actually going to help propel, propel this brand in the future. So I'm gonna. I'm gonna make you name drop. I know. It's probably the. It's so cringe for you, I can feel it. But I'm gonna.
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, you know, I'm not that kind of individual, to be really honest with you.
Speaker A: Yeah, but today's the day, man. Today.
Speaker D: Yeah, I know, I know. I know.
Speaker A: What you got?
Speaker D: Look, we put together the individuals for a variety of reasons. And one of the first people that I went to was, was Greg. Mike, he's in the space. He's a famous artiste. He owns several successful drops so far in the industry. And he's also one of my original business partners from 22 years ago. When I started the denim brand, he was the first guy that I kind of went to in terms of, hey, how do we set this up and how do we develop the model? Marty Hackel was a 20 year fashion director at Golf Digest. I went to Marty for a very specific reason, to also bounce the idea off of someone that wasn't in the web three space to see just how crazy the idea was. And it's funny, you have this 70 year old individual, after 45 minutes pitching me on utility, which I thought was really interesting because in that moment, I said, okay, there's something here. If someone has zero idea about nfts or blockchain technology, that they would then be kind of pitching me on the utility. Jaron Ross, who's the wholesale director at Versace. We've got Wes Patterson, Jacob Galladay, who are both professional golfers in the long drive category. We've got some music executives with Andy Anderson, Illa, the producer, Drock from Gary Vee. We have, obviously, Steve Bark. And both of you, Des, actually, and the Goats. Andrea Griffin Mele, who's the co founder of, of Alpha World, Adrian Colbert and Bryce Butler of the NFL, Matthew Lillard, who, as we all know, is a famous actor. Then there are other individuals like Bordeaux, who comes from the gaming industry, and obviously with metaverses and the opportunity to have wearables and kind of go in that direction was something truly important to me. Drew Barman of the Rick House Dow is another big name. Elise Lobb, who's a Fox sportscaster. Ryan Dezingel from the NHL. CHARLES Co.
Speaker A: This is. This is what I mean. Right. Like, right. And the list goes on. And it's a powerhouse of, of people that you put together here to, you know, be ambassadors of and help grow this brand that you're building. And honestly, that was what was, you know, super impressive to me. I was like, holy crap. You know, you talk about teams in the space and how important that is and what kind of real life connections can a brand like this or a project like this pull together? And, I mean, it's, it's super apparent to me that it's a, it's a powerhouse, and I'm super excited to kind of be along for the ride and watch you guys execute. Des, when you think about, you know, what that means for a project, having built one yourself, what do you think about what the power that unlocks is?
Speaker C: It's an incredible power. And, yeah, shout out to. I knew a bunch of those names and especially the people mainly involved here on the website, but yeah, hearing some of those other people who are just involved shout out to Matt Lillard. Used to babysit his kids when I was little.
Speaker B: No way.
Speaker C: Small world. But yeah, no, it's tremendous value not only to have them as ambassadors, but for guidance. And I love what you just said about not having everyone on your staff just gung ho about nfts and, and from the web three culture. Like, it's great to have those outside influences. And then obviously, I think the thing that we talk about is, like, you guys have all had such long tenures in the apparel business, and it's a team we can trust to execute and to know the people that you need to know. So that's phenomenal. And, yeah, I'm so excited to have goats as a holder. You know, I could have been selfish and took the key society membership for myself, but I actually wanted to kind of pioneer that and give it to the project as a whole because I think that'll be something cool to do with it. And I did buy a token. I did buy a token today for myself as well, the Genesis token. So, yeah, super excited.
Speaker D: And by the way, I've never, I have not once said even, even a percentage of what I just said out loud. So I know how that may sound in terms of, you know, name dropping and whatnot, but you asked, I wanted to deliver, and it was odd saying all of those names out loud because I started to, like, stop myself from, and I'm like, all right, this sounds crazy, but that's who's, that's who's at our side. So I appreciate that, but that's, that.
Speaker A: Is powerful, and it should speak to the trust and dedication that the team's going to have to execute in this project. So let's talk about, you know, today is the beginning of the mint. We've got the pre sale going on right now. And so let's talk about how the Tokens work and what the, you know, kind of layout here, what people can expect in the next day. So you want me to.
Speaker D: You want me to share? Or do you want me to send this to you to share? I can. I could do either.
Speaker A: Or you could share. If you know how to use the share. At the bottom here, click share. And then a chrome tab, probably, if that's where you're at.
Speaker D: I'm just going to share the screen here. It's fine, guys. We'll do this here. Can we see that?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: You want to add it in?
Speaker A: Yes. Hold on. There we go. Perfect.
Speaker D: Yeah, that'd be nice. If you also kind of help me out on that one. We're good.
Speaker A: Now, you might want to just make that bigger so we could see it on the whole screen.
Speaker D: There we go. Tell me when that works.
Speaker A: That's good enough. That'll work.
Speaker D: So, yeah, I mean, I wanted to kind of talk through, and we thought a visual would help, if that's okay. Sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off, but did you want to keep going there, bunch, or do you want me to kind of run through this?
Speaker A: No, you can take the lead here with. This is actually great.
Speaker D: Yeah. You know, it's important that we help individuals understand because as you mentioned, we're in the. Allow this portion, and then at midnight tonight, we actually move into the public lands. We'd always anticipated that happening, but what we wanted to do is to deliver to those who are listening the value in a very easily digestible way by just kind of going through four key aspects of what we provide. So when you purchase a clubhouse, archives, Genesis membership passed, there are four main kind of utilities or value that we always like to ensure individuals understand. And, you know, we say a share of the sales and the royalty as being like the kind of pinnacle of what people would gravitate towards. And what we mean by that is really kind of that incentivized focus group that we always talk about because we are going to allow individuals that hold that past the ability to vote on the products themselves to be a part of the product development process, which is once again, a really unique prospect for any business. So that portion comes through KYC. So any individual that does hold that Genesis pass will have the ability to submit a 1099. And then because they're going to be actually part of that product development process, we're going to compensate them for that. And that's only fair. I mean, we believe that the business should be able to give back to the individuals that contribute to its success. And that's kind of the first pillar that we always want to make sure people know that when you buy that pass, you have that ability to share in the sales and the royalties. The second is a free item, a complimentary piece of high end clothing. And that is going to come with the pass. We're going to look at that in a moment. I'm actually going to give you an idea of what it could be, because, remember, the community is going to vote on that, on that inevitable end result of what the product is going to look like. And that's the third value point, is the voting power. As I mentioned before, it's not a Dao. Right. But we are going to give the community a voice in the product development process. We're going to take that feedback. We're going to help understand how we can make a better product for the community and for the web three space, because they're also going to have a say in those collections. And we think that that's important. You know, that's. That's part of participation as we see it. And then it's access. Right. So, okay, you've got these collections that you've had the ability to participate in the product development process, in creating. You've got your free item. Obviously, we talked about the share of the sales and the royalties, but the access is the ability then to have first dibs on all of this. So if we create this incredible collection for what would be the broader web three space and maybe on, in the web two, that is definitely on the table, you're going to have first dibs on that. You're going to have the ability to have priority access. And then if we have IRL events, which we are going to have a ton of IRL events. So we're probably going to look at the conferences that are coming up, and that's where we'll have these events, obviously, priority access to those. So we just want to ensure that everyone understands what is the value of a genesis pass. Right. And then the other thing that I'll say is, you know, when we talk about access, it's access in a really unique way if you choose to do so, because all of our garments are going to come with an NFC chip through smart seal, which is incredible. And there's something really unique that I should talk about that nobody even knows about. Steven knows about this. Our hang tag is essentially a crypto wallet. This is a crypto wallet that holds an NFT, and it's actually going to come with the garments as well. So not only are you going to have the NFC chip that allows you to use the garment itself as an access point because you can hold the phone near it and authenticate. So that could get you into an event. For example, imagine if you were standing online at NFT NYC and you didn't have to whip your phone out. You just had your article of clothing. But it's also going to come with a really unique hang tag. And I don't think people have seen this before. It's very new. It does come from smart seal. It is a crypto wallet that is physical, that it actually comes with the NFT on it as well. So really interesting utility and really kind of cutting edge in terms of apparel. But I wanted to drop all that and I've said enough. I'll kind of put it back to you to see if you have kind of questions on that.
Speaker A: Des Chamber questions, I think I was.
Speaker B: Going to say it's so light years ahead of hoodies and t shirts.
Speaker A: Yeah, no shit.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: I'm blown away with the level of just the standard you've set is super impressive. So I'm ecstatic for the follow through. So I'm super pumped for this. This is good stuff so far.
Speaker D: So I should reveal. So the article of clothing that we're going to work on is a piece that I. There was a couple things I wanted to achieve with this. A, I wanted it to be something that people could wear without. You know, I don't want to down any other projects without it being too overt. And like, you know, Steve actually said to me once, he's like, you know, I love this Xyz hoodie. He's like, but I'll be honest, I can't, like, go out with my parents at dinner and wear this, or I can't. I can't go out on the weekend and nothing. Just kind of feel like I'm a little bit out of place in a sense. He goes, but I can walk around Nft NYC all day and people don't really give it two looks in that sense. So I wanted it to be something that was a little more nostalgic. So I came up with the idea of a crew neck pullover sweatshirt. Think of your favorite sweatshirt that would be in your drawer that you can consistently put on no matter where you're at. And then I did also wanted to speak to the industry, so I thought what was indicative of the environment? We all know the state of crypto right now, and how tough things can be out there. So I thought either a diamond hands or the one that I actually want to go with. And ultimately the community will decide. But the hold on for dear life. The hodl, I thought was really interesting and appropriate. So this is a mockup and let me know if you could see that.
Speaker A: That's so sick.
Speaker B: That's so awesome.
Speaker D: So mock up and look, it's a. It's a brushed back French Terry, which means it's got a fleece back. And that's that super soft French Terry that, like I said, you would probably have in your drawer for years that you don't want to throw away because you could wear it anywhere. It's super comfortable and it's like you almost don't want to take it off. Now, the patches, it's dual layer patch can be a multitude of things. I used a base of leather, like lambskin leather, and I've got a chenille top that could be a Melton wool top one. This could be reversed. It could be self fabric. So that's really up to the community to a help us decide the colorways here and the combinations. So that way, ultimately, we can create a product that they've had a say in. Also the labeling and the packaging as well. And shipping this product to the holders. Once they have created the ultimate final product in this, that's going to be a huge step forward in the way apparel is made. So it's going to be a benchmark. And I think people really should grasp the gravity of that situation. You have the ability to be part of a first, because people will look back five years from now and they'll say, this was the first brand born on the blockchain for the community, literally created by that community. And the web three space is going to have, is going to benefit from that. And they're going to have clothing that they could say, this was literally born on the blockchain. And I think that that's really, really incredible. And I'll stop my share now. So I can also see you. There we go. You're behind the mask of information there. But, yeah, that to me, is what the most interesting prospect is. And look, tonight at midnight, like I said, it goes to that public mint. We've got cross mint implemented, which means that you could pay with a credit card. I'm going to do that just to see how it works. I'm just curious to see that in play. I think that's really interesting. It's going to help onboard a number of individuals from the outside in web two into web three. And I think we can all agree that anytime we have the opportunity to do that, that's a good thing. And, yeah, that's it. And then we're off and running. So I don't know if there's any questions or comments. I definitely spoke for a minute there, so apologies.
Speaker A: We want. Amazing. Super cool. We had a question come from the war room and the question is how are the profit share percentages determined for those who might be participating in that and how does all of that aspect work?
Speaker D: Yeah, we're toying around with the idea of the royalty being a split. Right. So that's one option. And if we did that, then there would be a probably a 5% on the sales or we could just do the full royalty. Like we're trying to figure out what works the best, but what we're going to do is put it to the community. Right. We're going to give them scenarios and let them decide because, because ultimately it's, you know, it's their business as much as it is ours because they're going to benefit from that long term. So we are going to give some decision making opportunities, although they are going to make recommendations and we are going to make decisions because I'm sure that would come back down the pipeline and say, yeah, we'd like 50% of everything. So, you know, we'll put things out and see where that shakes out. But look, the inevitability is that, you know, I don't want to, I don't want to use the wrong words. There is going to be compensation for work. Would you say it that way? And in the long term that will benefit you in a way that you look back and be like, wow, I don't think I've been involved in any other business or project like this where I've been able to kind of get that back. So I just think that's the best way to put it, you know, to make sure that I'm saying all the right things. But yeah, that was a good question.
Speaker A: And I appreciate that other question here. This is a pretty good one. I don't know if there's a insight to how this works technically, but the other question here from Uncle Waffles was, which is fantastic. Name Uncle Waffles. Any privacy or safety concerns about having the actual wallet in the or NFT attached to the apparel?
Speaker D: No, actually there, there is not because we always have the ability through smart seal to decouple anything. And look, we own the NFT outright in terms of the metadata, because it's a 721. So God forbid something happens, we have the ability to make sure that we can decouple that for the individual. Same thing on a lost or stolen garment. We thought about that for a long time. It's why we went with the 721. And actually, quite frankly speaking, why we went with smart seal, because there is a chip that authenticates the NFT and the garment as well. So before the wallet was mentioned, and by the way, that is a physical wallet that allows you to transfer it through QR code directly into your wallet. Just so we're on the same page, that doesn't mean that that's where it sits in perpetuity, and you don't even have to necessarily utilize it for that. So.
Speaker A: Right. So it's not a wallet that hold that is attached to your, say, metamask that holds all of your other NFts in it. It's completely separate. That's a great, great question.
Speaker D: That was a great question, actually. Yeah, you're correct.
Speaker A: Yeah. Great question and great clarification there. So, before we wrap up here, I do want to. I want to show more thing, but chamber. Des, do you have any other questions? And, um, before I get to the.
Speaker D: Show off stuff, I have a question for chamber. Did you wear the shirt today and like, that kind of.
Speaker B: No, this. I had this one on.
Speaker A: That's where I was going next.
Speaker D: So I figured it we might. We might dive there a little bit.
Speaker B: No, I wanted to. Thanks, James, specifically for providing the masses that are listening to this right now with possibly the best seduction line you can use with your lover. I'm gonna be whispering to my wife's here tonight. I'm gonna provide you with tangible intimacy. I love that one. So, thank you. That is going to pay dividends for all the, you know, all the listeners that lack game with their. With their counterparts.
Speaker A: I mean, that's utility right there.
Speaker D: Off the.
Speaker B: We're not even at public mint yet. We're already getting tons of utility.
Speaker D: That is the fifth. That's the fifth man, right? Like, that's. That's the unspoken, unbelievable value, the unspoken utility.
Speaker C: So thank you for that.
Speaker A: I got to show these off before we wrap here. So as. As being a member of the key society, chamber and IR Des, I don't have yours at the ready just because I was actually scrolling through chambers tweets to try to find a defend that tweet for today, and he had both of them back to back. So I, using answers.
Speaker D: To chambers tweet were like, epic. And I was dying.
Speaker A: So as part of being in the key society, you guys have done up some special garments for the key society members that we get to kind of have attached to our names, which is pretty cool. This is yours. Chamber. Talk about your key society. Tommy Bahama here.
Speaker B: You know what? You know what I love about these key society, you know, NFTs is that everybody thinks theirs is the best one.
Speaker A: I like, oh, I feel bad.
Speaker B: I'm like, I think this is the best one by far. I love this one so much. I show it to my wife, she's like, how do we get this, man?
Speaker A: It's actually. I mean, it is. It is so you. It's not even funny. Like, I can't.
Speaker B: I like, everything about it is fantastic.
Speaker D: And that's the point, is it's supposed to represent the. So everybody knows it's a one of one garment that represents the individual in the organization, and we want to make sure that it literally is a representation of who they are. So mine, of course, is the Yankees cap. So no shock that I'm right rocking that now. And actually, it's kind of funny bunch is in a similar situation of his cap, you know, the newsboy cap. There you go. So we did want it to be, to have intrinsic value, right? Like, it should speak to the individual without the individual being there. And that's really what I wanted it to be. And, yeah, I kind of feel like every single one, once it's done, I'm like, oh, this is my new favorite.
Speaker B: I really like the captain. The one you did for Chris, was that the blazer? That, the jacket was awesome.
Speaker A: Is there anything more me than this style hat?
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker B: I love it. That's great.
Speaker A: Pretty much every day. And, you know, it's pretty. It's pretty awesome. JP Kaz says he's shirtless most of the time. Are there any good pants? And let's be honest, JP, your pants less most of the time as well.
Speaker C: So.
Speaker A: I don't think he's worn pants on the night shift yet, so. But, yeah, the. But I mean, are there pants?
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, look. Yes, of course. To be honest with you, we've got a, we've got some really cool designs and bottoms that actually have, some of them have the all over Ethereum embroideries as concepts. But we do want everybody to understand we're also going to make core items out there. Like, you know, not everything is going to be like your walk and billboard for cryptocurrency or the space that goes back to the tangible intimacy of just having a great quality garment. Sorry, I had to throw it in again that you feel comfortable in. So just know that, you know, there will be core items with. With this entire offering that we push out seasonally.
Speaker A: Awesome. So lastly, here to wrap up, we've got tell the people how many total Genesis passes are there? Because when we hear all about all the value that people are going to get from this collection and the team and advisor crew that you have behind it, the supply seems short. When we think about what this might be, 510 years from now, 1880.
Speaker D: Genesis membership passes. In total, they're valued at $600 wherever the ETh equivalent is. Tomorrow, when that opens, you can pay with credit cards. So obviously that's not going to move around, or at least we hope not. God forbid we wake up in the morning that shifted. Yeah, that's. That is the supply. That is the current price. That is a lifetime membership pass. All the value that we just discussed, and then obviously, the community that we're going to create from the foundation of the key society. So all those individuals that were in there. So who knows what's going to come out of this business in five years from all of those individuals that I just mentioned? You know, token proof came out of board ape. So the power of community and individuals that make it up are definitely not something to sleep on in this space.
Speaker A: That's awesome. I've already got my claim to my key society. I minted to chamber. I think you got two as well.
Speaker B: I got. I got my deuce.
Speaker A: I got a. I got a single digit token, which is freaking cool.
Speaker B: I did not. I got a. I got the party, bro.
Speaker A: You're. I mean, what do you want from me? I'm quick. I'm with it.
Speaker D: Too quick for me. I would be remiss if I didn't mention the fact that some of this is going to be gamified later on down the line, so I'll just leave it at that. So, numbers matter. Oh, interesting life and this organization as well.
Speaker A: One question here. If you buy a Genesis pass on secondary, will you have the same as if you same benefits as if you.
Speaker D: Minted a Genesis pass, is a Genesis pass.
Speaker A: So one 8th equals one eth. There we go. Awesome. Well, James, we wish you the best of luck tomorrow and to the rest of the day today. And we're so super excited to be part of this with you. And honestly, you couldn't have put together a better team. And we're very excited to see where this goes in the future. And appreciate you jumping on and sharing some time with us again today.
Speaker D: Yeah, I appreciate that. I'm just glad I was able to get on here and cut it up with my friends. By the way, this was awesome.
Speaker A: That's the clubhouse archives.com for the website. And then what's the mint site? James?
Speaker D: The link.
Speaker B: Both links are in the description. So I took care of all this hard work for you guys already. You can mint in there. You can check out the website. Everything's in the description.
Speaker D: There you go.
Speaker A: Can check out JP Kaz's pants if you want as well. That's, or lack thereof, that's going, yeah, that's going to do it for us today. James, thank you so much. Good luck everybody. Check out clubhouse archives. Des Chamber I mean, Des, it's been great to have you back. Chamber it's been Wednesday and that's gonna do it for us. Until next time, stay middle. Sadeena.
