Speaker A: I love doing these shows, and there's, you know, there's actually a decent amount of preparation that goes into them. I think maybe somewhat more than we do on our. Our normal show chamber. I think we have a lot more fun with this one. I feel like we have. I feel like we. We owe it to a live audience to, you know, really get into it.
Speaker B: Bring that heat, things.
Speaker A: Yeah. And. But I love, you know, there's all this chat going back and forth in our TFC discord chat every day, or at least days, we're doing spaces leading up to them. And, you know, you and I, Mackie v squared, throwing stuff out there. And then, you know, five minutes before the show comes up, Des, all he does is just come in, post the gif, and then doesn't show up for the show. So, like, oh, there he is. There he just comes in, drops a gif, and then, you know, he's. He gets right to it at the. At the very end. Coming down to crunch time, Des. What's up, buddy?
Speaker C: Do I have to whoop y'all ass behind my back like that?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. No, I mean, very publicly. It's on the record. It's on the record chamber. How we doing? How are you doing today?
Speaker B: I'm doing pretty good. You know, it's Monday. I love these. I'm still licking my wounds from Friday, but I was excited going into the weekend. We did three shows last week, and I loved every single one of them. The Friday one was amazing. We had a lot of good feedback.
Speaker A: Friday one might go down as our best show we've ever recorded, if anything ever.
Speaker B: I listened to it three times. I put it out as a podcast. And for those listening, feel free to either join, listen by podcast, or come on Twitter and listen live in spaces.
Speaker A: Yeah. So we actually are going to be putting these out as podcasts now going forward. Right. Was it very difficult? I know we've had trouble doing it.
Speaker B: It was extremely easy.
Speaker A: Oh, okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Cool.
Speaker B: Yeah, we had a good site that does it for free. I mean, I don't know how many times I can do it, but we're gonna do it until it costs us money.
Speaker A: Sweet.
Speaker B: So we'll see.
Speaker C: That's so funny because I heard Friday was the worst show in history, so.
Speaker A: Wait, were you not there? I don't even remember.
Speaker B: No, he wasn't. He couldn't.
Speaker A: Well, you should. I would encourage you, Des. I know it's hard to find time to go back and listen to them unless your chamber and like, to listen to them like six times. Like, I would never go back and listen to them, really. But, uh, chamber does all the time. He's actually 95% of our actual download numbers, and he's just got a drawer full of alternate devices. And. But the. The roast, the third, the first 30 minutes, the. Why it was such a good show is like, the first 30 minutes, we were just totally off the rails with our normal nonsense, and the roast of chamber was. Is going to go down in history. And then we just switched, pivoted to, you know, a very intellectual web three conversation with Adam Brotman. And that was, you know, what a transition. Yeah, the show ran the whole gamut. We talked about, we casted ourselves in the web three movie. So, Des, real quick, who would play you in a. In a web three movie? Who would you want to play yourself?
Speaker C: It's. It's going to be Joseph Gordon Levitt.
Speaker A: Oh, that. That one actually came up for. For a possible Steve casting.
Speaker C: Oh, okay. Then I got a switch. Oh, Mandy, Steve was being real generous with his.
Speaker B: With his casting off.
Speaker A: Right? I got a couple. I got a couple side. I got a couple side texts about how funny it was that you called Steve Ben Shapiro. So that was funny.
Speaker C: It's going to be Keanu Reeves or Adam Galecki. Those are the cast.
Speaker A: I don't know. The second one is.
Speaker B: It sounds familiar.
Speaker C: There's a Johnny Galecki. This might be Johnny Galecki.
Speaker B: Oh, yes. Johnny Galecki from the nerd show.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker B: From the show with the nerds in it.
Speaker C: Big bang theory.
Speaker B: That's the one. You do look like that guy, actually. Just like a. Kind of like a tall, taller version. I think he has curly hair, but it's pretty close. I could see it.
Speaker C: There you go.
Speaker B: Did we lose bunch? I think bunch is actually.
Speaker A: Oh, sorry. No, my mic was off. I'm actually good. I heard, you know, what happened? My. My little eye rig came out of the, you know, came disconnected, and I had to. It happens to the one on mute. But anyway, your little eye rig did what? Jesus, already? This is just. All right, we've got a lot to cover today, actually, and we're going to have some fun. We. We've got two polls that are going to come up in the crowd today or up in the jumbotron today. The first one is non web three related. Second half of the show will throw up the web three. Three related. One. First one. We've talked at length on this, on our show in the past, but up in the top is die hard, a holiday movie. Yes or no? Get your votes in for that. I am firmly in the no camp. I know. I think chamber is very much in the yes camp.
Speaker B: I have the ending of this argument, by the way, so I'll go.
Speaker A: I mean, look, I don't really have. I would love to hear your yes camp. I feel like the yes is always have to.
Speaker B: So what I have is more of an either or. So we can either say it is or it isn't. But if we say it isn't, we have to then take home alone out of the conversation for best Christmas movie. Because if Die Hard isn't a Christmas.
Speaker A: Argument, it's an interesting argument.
Speaker B: If Die hard isn't a Christmas movie, then neither is home Alone, because die Hard and home alone is the exact same movie. Just one's a kid and one's an adult.
Speaker A: I mean, I guess so.
Speaker B: Like, it's the same movie. It's the same movie.
Speaker A: It's the same.
Speaker B: I mean, stuck in one place against bad guys where he has to defeat him on his own. I mean, and loosely based around Christmas. I mean, that's the plot of the movie. Of both movies.
Speaker A: Okay, so let's dig into this one just a little deeper. So then what would you define so. But you are a yes, right? You are a yes.
Speaker B: I am a yes. Yeah. Like, I think if. If any plot of the film is centered around Christmas, like, obviously with home alone, they were traveling for Christmas, and, you know, there's obviously Christmas music throughout with die hard, it's. It's taking place at a Christmas work party. I mean, obviously, it's an action movie as well, but it's a Christmas action movie. There are. You know, I would. I'm also in the Gremlins camp, wherever I. Gremlins is a Christmas movie.
Speaker A: Yeah. I think if you. If you feel like die hard is. Gremlins also falls in that category.
Speaker B: Yeah. I like anything centered around Christmas, in my opinion, should be considered a Christmas.
Speaker A: Okay. Des, you a yes or no?
Speaker C: 100% yes.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: 100% yes.
Speaker A: All right, we've got. If you. So if you want to come up today and chat with us, feel free to give your yes or no on die hard yes or no to a Christmas movie. Give us your comments in the. In the comment section below here that helps us get the spaces out. You know, I feel like we're gonna. This. I feel like this is becoming less and less of a polarizing topic. I feel like, you know, a couple years ago, there was some really hardcore no's, and I'm feeling like we've gotten some capitulation in the last couple years as we've, we've brought this up many times on our shows and I feel like the, I can feel the tide changing chamber. What are you thinking?
Speaker B: I agree. I think more and more good arguments can be made for it. And I also think we're just expanding on what a Christmas movie is.
Speaker A: Yeah, interesting. So I would imagine that this poll will probably end that way and reflect it. But before we get any further here, I do want to shout out the rest of the degen network content. So we have this spaces now every Monday and Friday at 04:00 p.m. we also do our live show on Wednesdays four to 05:00 p.m. but every day on Djen Network you can find all the awesome content. We've got coffee with captain every morning, Monday through Friday at 08:00 a.m. we've got the night shift, Monday nights and Friday nights, Airdrop sports report on Tuesday evenings and then we've got, what else do we got? We got the new show. What's, what do we call it? What's the name of the, the new.
Speaker B: The name of the new show? It's NFT lunch break if I'm not mistaken, with Riggs and J. Webb. I listened to the full show today. It's great. It's like an hour long. It's perfect.
Speaker A: I'm very excited to have Riggs and J. Webb.
Speaker B: They were terrific.
Speaker A: I mean, as always, Riggs is a very regular contributor to the coffee with captain panels and he's super sharp guy. They're going to crush it. It's super happy to have them involved in the dj network. Thursdays we've got alpha afternoons. Fridays we've got beloved and jouelsy. So we've got the gamut covered for you from content and we're just going to keep adding more. We're going to be taking over, taking over the, the whole calendar. Really? That's, that's it. But all right. Die hard. I need to hear Vicky's, Vicki's comments on die hard. Vicki GM oh, I thought you were, I thought you had requested. Never mind. You're down there as a listener. But if you want to come up and share your thoughts on die hard, but I've got some more stuff here that wasn't planned in the show notes because that's how I like to roll. We are going to play my favorite game, Chamber defend that tweet. So, all right, we've got your first tweet up here. You know, I need. I need to. I need to have a conversation with you. Your feed is becoming sort of a landfill, and I think I'm missing. I had to go back, like, four weeks to get quality, defendable tweets for you, so I'm going to need you to step it up here. But the first tweet here I've got from you is from 1118. That's how far back I had to go. And it says, I never eat alone. I have a massive fear of choking to death. Explain yourself.
Speaker B: This is 100% accurate. This is a true thing. I travel enough by myself where I will only eat in a restaurant where there's other people. I don't eat in my hotel room at all. But maybe once in a while, if I'm home alone, like, if, you know, like, Kevin McAllister, if, like, my family's gone for any reason and, you know, I'm home, I'm only, like, eating soft foods. Like, I'm petrified to, like, choke by myself and have nobody to help me. It's a. It's a huge fear of mine.
Speaker A: Interesting. Des, has this ever crossed your mind?
Speaker C: Never in history.
Speaker B: You guys should really be thinking. You should think about it.
Speaker A: Chamber. I think, actually, I think your bigger fear should be you choking in public and nobody wanting to save you. I think that's the. I think that's the bigger fear.
Speaker B: Well, now you've added that.
Speaker A: I mean, there's an always sunny episode about that, which is one of our favorite shows, and where they. Frank is choking at the table at Gugino's, and nobody from the. The crew saves him, and except for the waiter. And so I do feel like the.
Speaker B: Frank of the DJ.
Speaker A: You 100%, are the Frank Reynolds of DJ network. You know, I'm the trash. All right, all right. So, Des, is this a weird take from. From chamber?
Speaker C: It's expected, I think, from chamber, but it's something that's never crossed my mind, personally. And that's not. That's not because I don't eat alone. I mean, I eat alone. It's. It's never. It's never once crossed my mind.
Speaker B: These, uh, like, in the car when I'm driving, only drinks, never food by myself.
Speaker A: Wow. You never eat in the car? I I have. I. A lot of people do, like, just not like to eat alone out of fear that, like, people are going to judge them. I've heard that before, but I'm not.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: I don't fall into that camp. I'm always down to eat. Just period the end. And so if it's alone with a friend, with a stranger, I don't really care. I did at one point in my sales career when I was traveling in the car a lot, I mastered the art of eating a Wendy's triple classic. Classic triple. While driving. It's a long road to get to the skill level I've put in. It's, I would say, 10,000 hours.
Speaker B: Are you driving and eating that monstrosity?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: Mandy, he's actually driving, right?
Speaker A: Yeah. And I've got a Dave's classic triple.
Speaker B: That is the bunchu burger for me. Like, when I see the Dave triple, like, the only thing I think of is it's the budget.
Speaker A: That's right. That's. That's my go to, which is. It's just disgusting. But I am. I'm all about it. Give me it. Give me it all day. All right, defend that tweet. Number two. This one, I'm going to ask for some crowd participation down in the comments because I want to see what everybody else has. This one's from 1120. What are the three emojis you use most? Yours above are the laughing face, fire, and sunglasses dude. So I need you to. I need you to describe to me kind of what the context that you're using these in. Then I need to hear Des is. I might hit up mackie and v squared, figure out what theirs is, but hit us. Hit us with your top three below, and let's see what people's top use. If there's any patterns here.
Speaker B: I mean, for me, laugh at emojis. Like, 90% of what I emoji. But I like a good fire. I like in response to a good comment on twitter or something interesting. I think fire is always good. And then sunglasses cool guy is when I do something good and I get recognized for it. That's a representation of how I feel inside.
Speaker A: I like it. Des, what are yours?
Speaker C: I feel so disgusted about myself that I share ones with Chandler. It, too, is the damp, which I will avow to never use again, is the shades cool guy face. But, you know, my most used one, which is actually kind of shocking to me, is the monocle looking puzzle.
Speaker A: Really interesting? Is that because you think most people are tighter than you?
Speaker C: Apparently that's what that says about me. I don't know. I just. I think maybe I'm so dumb that I'm confused by what most people say, and then I end up using that thing I enjoy. Ask for clarification.
Speaker A: I enjoy that one. Mine I just posted down below my top three. Currently, I feel like this changes a lot of. Sometimes the coffee one ends up in the top three, but currently my top three is one of my new favorite ones. This is a recent addition, but it's the saluting. The saluting emoji. I use that one a lot. The next is the bicep. I use that one a lot.
Speaker B: I like a good bicep.
Speaker A: That one always gets me as well. That's like, you know, if you made a good point. I usually do, like, a bicep and a handshake or something, like, strong, you know? And then, uh, currently my number three is the heart emoji. I'm not sure. Like, I don't actually know when I use that one, so I'm actually surprised at that one. But sometimes the coffee emoji slips into the top three. Um, but those are mine. I'm interested. Mackie, what are your top three?
Speaker D: I'm just pontificating on it right now. So, excluding the salute and the handshake and the flex, I would say the hug emoji with the two blue.
Speaker A: You mean the. You mean the camera? The old school movie camera emoji. I thought that's what that was for a very long time, you know, like, the camera. You know, the camera with, like, like, big film things, you know? Yeah, that's what I thought that camera that emoji was for. For a very long time, actually. Mackie knows I love him, but the fact that he used the word pontificating means he doesn't use emojis correctly.
Speaker D: I also like the sparkle.
Speaker A: Wow, this is an eclectic group here.
Speaker D: The melting face.
Speaker A: Oh, that's a good one. I need to use that one more. I literally had a mental note to start using the melting face more. But I think the problem with that one for me is I'm not exactly quite sure what context to use it in the. And I'm afraid that if I do in the wrong context, it may offend somebody.
Speaker D: Yeah, like, the kids will get a lean in. Gen Z doesn't care, man.
Speaker A: They don't care. So. But, like, what is the context that you use it in usually?
Speaker D: Like, I think it kind of means, like, I'm wrecked, okay? Like, this is happening, and I'm, like, sinking down with a ship with a smile on my face anyways, because I'm too dumb to know any better.
Speaker A: I'm into it.
Speaker D: That's what. That's what I get.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm into that. V squared. What are yours? Me? I would say the salute is probably the biggest one.
Speaker C: But, like, Mackie, excluding that one, I would do the hang ten. I like that one.
Speaker A: Kind of, you know, the. You mean the Steve? The Steve, that's right. The Steve.
Speaker B: The kids are doing kids.
Speaker A: All the kids are doing the Steve. That's right. Or the. Or if you're on some sort of web channels, the Shapiro is what they're calling it.
Speaker B: It's the reverse.
Speaker A: Reverse Shapiro. Yes.
Speaker B: That'S.
Speaker A: That's definitely a good one. The.
Speaker C: The namaste, or usually like, a thank.
Speaker A: You is a good one.
Speaker B: What's namaste? Is that, like, to have the two hands?
Speaker C: The two hands?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Oh, that's a good one.
Speaker C: And then either the fire or. Lately I've been using the thumbs up.
Speaker A: Just because I know it annoys people.
Speaker B: Do people not like that?
Speaker A: It's supposed to.
Speaker C: Apparently.
Speaker A: It's condescending.
Speaker B: But, you know, I love it.
Speaker A: I actually feel that, like, just responding. K, like, okay, yeah, same thing.
Speaker D: Same thing.
Speaker B: No two ks is worse than one k, by the way. Like, all of a sudden, people started saying, like, texting me, KK. Don't like that. I feel that's offensive to me. I think one k is all right.
Speaker D: There's a KKK joke here, but you.
Speaker B: Don'T put one k with the two.
Speaker A: All right, so we got. We got Steve chiming in with his top three eyes emoji, hang ten. I'm surprised the hang ten is not his number one. And the third one is fire with honorable mentions to the handshake and the salute cap. Coffee. No surprise. Fire and handshake. Let's see.
Speaker B: A shout out to. Shout out to. Upside down smiley face, too.
Speaker A: Oh, I like that one. But I always pair the upside down smiley face next to the water gun, which I'm like, can I send that as a combo? That's a good, highly used combo that I have.
Speaker D: What does that convey?
Speaker A: It's like, kill me now, kill me. Basically. It's like, I don't know what's going on. Just kill me. The Riggs. Riggs is. I don't know what this says about Riggs or his level of salt that maybe he needs. He needs a namaste emoji. His top use to his top use emoji is the clown face. I just imagine him out on Twitter calling everybody a clown replies. Second, it's just so easy. It's just so easy. There's so many clown fucking takes out there. You drop the clown emoji, and it's like the best little troll. Yeah, like, maybe a clown maybe a clown emoji with, like, a hand grenade throwing Jif. And then you just, like, mute the comments. That's, that's a good move, I think salute and the fire are your number two and three. We got Vicki as the crying, laughing wine and the, like, party explosion balloon or the party thing, you know, I don't even know what to call that. The, what is it, the celebration one. Chuckles. The rocket ship. All right. We've got shovel with the tongue out. Wink. Oh, boy. That one's kind of, you know, you know, it's a little erotic, I think. Maybe the outside down, the upside down face and the eyeballs. And we got Oneida with the crying, laughing fire and the thumbs up. So there's a, there's a couple. There's a couple constants that we have.
Speaker B: We got.
Speaker A: We can't miss.
Speaker B: We can't miss.
Speaker C: Punter with, with three goats.
Speaker A: Oh, is that what punters is? That's amazing. Yes. That's good. That doesn't surprise me at all, but, yeah, thanks. Keep throwing your emojis down there. We'll come back to some. Or if you jump up here, come and get some. Come and tell us what your top emojis are as well. So we've got circles. Let's hear your top three emojis. Yeah.
Speaker C: I wanted to start with a story of a real life emoji that I've taken on is a Steve's emoji, the hangton. I work with a couple guys who.
Speaker A: Lived in Hawaii for forever, and they.
Speaker C: Always are throwing that angloose sign ups. And now, literally, I'll just walk around or driving on the street. That's the one thing that I'm doing irl, so I just thought that was funny. As for my top three, let me double check real quick. Thumbs up, the two eyes looking sideways at stuff, and the kissing emoji, which is. That's what I always send to my wife, so.
Speaker B: Well, that's nice.
Speaker A: That must be where I get the heart. I'm just assuming I get the heart emoji.
Speaker B: I think mine's just the middle finger.
Speaker A: 01:00 a.m. i.
Speaker C: The only one worried that I'm accidentally going to send, like, a harder kissy emoji to somebody who isn't my wife. Like, I'm just in discord or Twitter or something. That's like, oh, no, what did I.
Speaker A: You just got to own it, I think. Like, or maybe then reply after that with the upside down smiley face and gun emoji. That's to show your embarrassment. So I feel it. I feel like that's a similar fear to eating alone. Steve, what's up? You want to defend your emojis?
Speaker E: No, my emojis are perfect. But I was going to ask. My question is, I don't know how I've known you this long, bunch, for two years or whatever it is at this point, and didn't realize that you say Jif instead of GiF, which is like nails on a chalkboard.
Speaker A: And I. First of all, moms like me choose Jiff.
Speaker B: That's right. I have to defend Bunch because I thought the same thing when he first started saying it years ago.
Speaker E: You're going to give me. The creator said it was get Jeff, right? Is that what he said?
Speaker B: I mean.
Speaker E: Okay, well, can I, can I counter that with. That's great that the creator says that, but it stands for graphics interchange format, not graphics intergrange format.
Speaker A: So. Nerd alert. Yes. The definition of it. Come on. I. You think I'm a psychopath, Steve? Because I say Basie and Jeff. Oh, man. What do I do now? Mackie? We had a. We had another poll that we were gonna throw up, but I think you might need to swap this in for the jiff. Jif. Gif combo and maybe throw a third. There you go. We need to get the. We need to get the people's opinion on this.
Speaker E: So maybe, maybe jet a rate pull up, because that's apparently how he's going.
Speaker B: To kick this guy.
Speaker A: I've never used the mute button yet, so I think I accept both, by the way.
Speaker B: Both are fine.
Speaker E: I'll try to be. I'll try to be more duracious. I'm sorry.
Speaker B: Oh my goodness.
Speaker A: So wait, I need to go further into this. So you're on the. You're on team gif.
Speaker E: Oh, yeah. I mean, that's graphics. Guh.
Speaker B: Well, it's not Griffith.
Speaker A: Well.
Speaker E: That doesn't even. That doesn't make sense. Chamber.
Speaker B: Listen, get your. Don't you have a show? Don't you have a show to do? Doesn't Ben Shapiro come on around this time?
Speaker E: No, Ben, just every eight at 08:00 a.m. that's the counterbench bureau show comes on.
Speaker A: Des, are you Gif or Jeff?
Speaker C: I was just dming.
Speaker A: Steve.
Speaker C: If I can hop onto coffee with captain instead of TMC from now on.
Speaker B: What? I'll trade.
Speaker E: Wow.
Speaker A: Is that because you're. Is that because your Gif or is that because you just hate our content now?
Speaker C: There's no other way to be. It's there's no argument here. It's absolutely gif.
Speaker A: I think I'm going down on this one. I have a feeling that not many people pronounce it my way.
Speaker B: I feel like it's a aluminum. Aluminum thing. I think both are fine.
Speaker E: You didn't even say the second pronunciation that people say aluminum. You mispronounced it the second time.
Speaker A: The jewels, the innovative.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think. I think that's fine. I think it's a pronunciation thing.
Speaker A: I mean, I guess I need to hear, Riggs, what do you got? Or is it gift? Jeff? I. So because I feel like I pronounce it wrong, I always say jif, but I'll normally say Jif or Gif or whatever the fuck you say it. Yeah. Like, I feel. I think that the actual. The headline here is that we are so insecure on which way to say it that normally we end up saying both ways and then qualifying it just like that. And I think that's. I think that's the real point circles. Gif or Jiff?
Speaker C: I'm a jif guy.
Speaker A: Jif. Incoming. Let's go.
Speaker C: If you are to, like, correct pronunciation, if it's g, and then I. That's a just sound. I mean, it's Jifdena.
Speaker A: Wow. This is. I think this is taking a turn against what Steve might. This would be. And I did not plant all these jiffers in the audience here.
Speaker B: I don't think you can find that many. I didn't think you could find that many jiffers, to be honest.
Speaker A: Norm. Norm, are you as a. As an actual graphic designer, I feel like you have some authority here, so I will respect whatever your opinion is. What do you got?
Speaker F: Yeah, I mean, I'm not a psychopath. It's definitely gifts.
Speaker E: That's a big one.
Speaker A: I needed that one.
Speaker E: I was nervous. I was nervous getting into that one.
Speaker A: I was hoping. I was hoping. All right.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker F: Just because it's, you know, it's like. And I'm pretty sure that the guy who created it said you could say both, actually. So, like, he said jif, but it. But I think at some point, he was like, yeah, but you could use both because, like, the reasonable guy. What's the plugin app?
Speaker A: Right. You don't.
Speaker F: You don't call it Jiffy, do you? You call it giphy, right?
Speaker A: Uh, I don't really call it anything, but I guess. I guess we call it Jiffy. I call it Jiffy like the peanut butter mom's.
Speaker F: Like, the new melty emoji, is what? I've replaced my upside down smiley face with.
Speaker A: Oh, there you go. What are your other two?
Speaker F: My. My top three were actually surprising, so my laugh, cry, laugh face was my top one. Then the melt face, because it's replaced the upside down smile for me. And apparently I'm pretty sarcastic, so I use that a lot. And then the third was obviously the kiss face for my wife. I sent her about a thousand of those a day. That's pretty much how we communicate. Like, hey, we don't, like, talk to each other. It's like, just throughout the day. It's just a kiss face. It's like, hey, how you doing? Three kiss faces. She sends three back. Doing good. You know, it's like, yeah, we don't really talk. It's just emojis. But then, obviously, it's the. I was glad to hear about the bicep. The bicep one is my favorite one. That's my thumbs up or whatever. And then obviously, coffee. Coffee's a lot of. A lot of what I do, but this is the content I needed today. I appreciate you.
Speaker A: This is all we do. I mean, it was really hard to pivot to web three talk last show. So, Mackie, what do you got?
Speaker D: I got to ask, is there anybody solidly in one camp willing to change based on the result of the poll?
Speaker A: Oh, that's interesting. Is that. Is the poll up? I didn't even know if we tacked, did I?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: What's the split? What's the split right now?
Speaker A: Let's see. It is currently 63 to 36 40. What? Ooh, 55 45. That's close enough.
Speaker B: That's close enough.
Speaker A: That's that pole. And then let's see what our diehard poll is at here.
Speaker B: But there's a bigger spread on diehard, maybe.
Speaker A: Is die hard a holiday movie? Currently, yes. On a 74% winning. So, okay, then this was. This is about what we should have done then. This is we. It was good to put up the emergency poll, I think. And, Mackie, if you want to throw up our web three poll, we can. However, I will get to the last. Defend that tweet chamber.
Speaker B: There's more.
Speaker A: There's one more. There's always three. There's always three. This one won't be as polarizing, I don't think, as. As the emoji one. On twelve to 2022, millennials are the new quote unquote greatest generation, and it's not even close.
Speaker B: Yeah, I agree.
Speaker A: Obviously, you wrote it.
Speaker B: Yeah, I still agree with my past self.
Speaker F: Amen. Chamber. Amen.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: Do you ever actually. That's a good asking.
Speaker G: Is that because you keep asking millennials who's the greatest? And they're like, we are. Is that just doing the voting?
Speaker B: Is it an echo chamber? Maybe?
Speaker A: I like that. I like that.
Speaker E: I feel like the chamber start off. I agree.
Speaker A: Like, that's a great question. I was gonna say, do you actually ever come back when I do these and are like, man, I really don't. I was that take now, sometimes.
Speaker B: Sometimes I feel that way. There are some takes that I go back and forth on, but, yeah, no, I think Gen X, while boomers are boomers, they've ruined most parts of the world for us. Gen X didn't care enough. They were too jaded, raised by the boomers. And I think millennials, especially kind of the older ones, we've grown up in a time where we transitioned more so than a lot of generations, from the analog to the digital. We've dealt with old school, eighties and nineties problems, and I think we're better for it. I think we're more adjusted. And then you got the newest generation, your Gen Z's and whatnot. They don't know how good they have. And I feel like we still know what it was like to how awesome it is now. And I think we carry ourselves that way. So that's why I think we're the greatest generation currently.
Speaker G: Nothing at all. Because he's a part of it, as the non biased opinion.
Speaker B: I'm barely a part of it, for the record. I'm a.
Speaker A: So are you saying that you're on the older end of the spectrum, which you just even said is the smartest part of the millennials?
Speaker B: Well, they have the most. I would say we have the most experience in the. In the. In the kind of the old world. You know what I mean? The pre Internet world.
Speaker A: I'm just clarifying because I completely agree with you, because I am an old millennial, and I think we are the greatest, 100%.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: I love it.
Speaker B: See? So, yeah, I think anybody in there kind of, like, early to late thirties, like, you're definitely part of the greatest generation.
Speaker F: But don't we have. Don't we have Generation X to thank, though? Because that was our parents, and, like, they. They, like, gave us what. What their boomer parents didn't give them.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker F: Like, so. So don't we have. Don't we have Generation X to thank for us being the greatest generation?
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. They were. I think we could thank them, but I think at the end of the day, there was still too much of like a, you know, they're your grunge. Like, you know, I mean, like that I don't care attitude. I feel. I feel that defines the Gen X lifestyle, which is great, don't get me wrong. And it did help us.
Speaker A: But I think before we go to Steve with this, with his take here, I just want to point out that Norm got a hard thumbs down from Vicki on that take. So, Norm, you are for sure wrong. Whatever your opinion is, Vicki has spoken and it is a thumbs down. Steve, your take?
Speaker E: I'm going to come in with like, a nerdy take on this as well.
Speaker A: I agree with chamber, actually, it's pronounced millennials.
Speaker B: Millennials.
Speaker E: No, I was going to say, like, what made the greatest generation, previously sort of referred to as the greatest generation was a level of selflessness where they actually were willing to sort of, like, put a certain thing above themselves, which at the time was sort of country above themselves. And while sort of the previous generations sort of Gen X and just above them helped build and pioneer the Internet. I think what the millennials do that's significantly different than previous generations is that they actually are more willing to sort of pay more taxes if it means it's better off for other people. They're willing to give more charities, they want to force businesses that align with themselves. They care about the earth. So in that sense, actually, chambers take, from an academic perspective, actually lines up.
Speaker A: Look at you, Chamber, to them being.
Speaker E: The greatest generation, following sort of the same logic, but in a much more modern, modern way, with sort of an eye on more sort of equity inclusion and sort of like the greater good. So I actually.
Speaker B: For Steve.
Speaker A: That's what you meant, right, Chamber?
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly what I meant.
Speaker A: That's exactly what you meant, right?
Speaker B: I couldn't have put it better.
Speaker A: Thanks, Steve. Well done on the academic take thing. This is why you host the smart show.
Speaker B: Did you ever write Harvard business, by the way?
Speaker A: Because, ever heard of it?
Speaker B: It feels like you bunch isn't going.
Speaker E: To be able to make that joke a little longer. I won't spoil it, but he's only got so long to be making the joke about me speaking at Harvard.
Speaker A: I got to get that in now.
Speaker E: He's got an invitation and in about a month is going to have spoken at Harvard as well. So I don't.
Speaker B: I don't need that kind of ammunition in my life. That's.
Speaker A: I was going to ask today, Steve, is it appropriate to wear like, an NFT hoodie to Harvard or what I did, yeah.
Speaker E: I wore, the first time I spoke at Harvard. The second time it was more actually. First two times I wore a hoodie. The last time I actually was for a conference for like just dunkin on everybody. So I wore like more of like a shirt that had buttons on it. I don't know.
Speaker A: When I ted talk on the greatest.
Speaker E: Generation, I'm just like self owning unintentionally.
Speaker A: Which is like, no, you're not. It's only self owning because you're like, you're in the, you're in the hot seat here because like, this is what we do on our show. It's like we just dunk on each other for an hour and then put it out as a podcast. So if you haven't, if you haven't listened to us before, I would direct you back to Friday's show where it was mostly that. And I guess it is today as well. Can we try to switch some topics to some web three stuff or are we trying.
Speaker B: I have a lot of questions, web three questions that I'd love to ask you.
Speaker A: Like one, what's an NFT?
Speaker B: Like a, is it pronounced NFT? No. We did a transaction yesterday and I think, I think you purchased some shoes.
Speaker A: Oh, I did. Yeah, I did.
Speaker B: And so last week we were, we were talking about artifact and the shoe drop and I got all excited. That's why I don't listen to too many spaces. I'll just buy, I'll end up buying everything.
Speaker A: I know, it's crazy.
Speaker B: I bought it. Turns out I bought one of the ute hoodies unknowingly. I think it was in a, in a stupor one evening and didn't realize it, but we were giving away discount codes in the, in the war room.
Speaker A: Yeah, I didn't do that either.
Speaker B: I paid full price like a chunk.
Speaker A: So did I. So we gave, that's because we, like the greatest generation, are selfless and we gave them to our dj network, war room folks and didn't take them for ourselves.
Speaker B: So look at that. Unbelievable. But yeah. So I reached out to you, I live in Canada, so obviously I can't order the shoes and have them get, you know, have them be delivered to me. And we were chatting. You told me I had to get these laces nft. So I'm like, wow, I'm going to just buy a bunch of them. Price go up immediately, cut in half. As soon as I purchased, I purchased six of them.
Speaker A: That was a bad idea.
Speaker B: Unknowingly. Just purchased six of them, not knowing what they were for. If I could use them again after, if they were going to be worth anything after the shoe drop. So I didn't want to buy six pairs of shoes. I ended up. I ended up buying three pairs of shoes, two for myself and one for my wife. But I have three of these laces left. Am I like Sol on this?
Speaker A: I think you're pretty sol. Your play would be sell them now so that people who want to buy them with early access before the public sale can do so, because you can only get. They go to public sale, I think, on, like, the 15th or something. So you can get early access now. So, like, if the numbers start to run up where maybe they sell out or something, that's your chance. Des, did you buy shoes today? Did you buy the crypto kicks?
Speaker C: I did. I got three colorways. I'm actually pretty impressed with the delivery timeline. I was a little worried.
Speaker A: What is that? I. Is it may?
Speaker C: It's June. June 2023.
Speaker A: That's not bad. No. So I just put up a post or a tweet up in the Jumbotron. Apparently, I saw that they were going semi viral today on TikTok with that. The video up above, there was almost 700,000 views, and the comments were super bullish on these shoes. So I'm interested to see what the final numbers end up being, because I think as of, like, as of earlier today, I mean, I bought them super early, but there was only, you know, a couple hundred pairs minted. I don't know what we're at out of count now, but, dez, what colorways did you go with? And then we're gonna play another game.
Speaker C: So, after further review, like, looking at the, in real life images of the kicks I didn't have, I didn't like the stone as much as I thought. So I went ice stone. And then just for you bunch, I did the galaxy.
Speaker A: Yeah, I went. I went with 1 st chamber. You and I did the same, right. I went, I think we did stone to where? And then I'm going to keep the space ones boxed. So I also have got two pairs. Now, here's a, here's a poll or a game we're going to play, and I'm privy to this information. I don't know if this counts as doxing, but we're gonna play guest chamber shoe size.
Speaker B: Those count as doxing.
Speaker A: Des, would you like to guess a. Would you like to take a guess of chambers shoe size?
Speaker C: 100%. I think I'm gonna nail it right on. And I'm gonna go a 14.
Speaker A: It's a little high.
Speaker B: I feel like you couldn't get that in an artifact shoe.
Speaker G: Oh, he's supposed to be guessing this based off of, like, the energy you put off.
Speaker A: Or.
Speaker E: Wait, so in that. In that case, we're going with about four and a half. Four and a half of it's based on the energy.
Speaker A: Welcome back to roast the host, and this is space. Space kitty just comes in with a fantastic dunk on. You know, space kitty, if this is your first time listening to us, I'm following you. Would. You would think, like, oh, how would anybody know that? And it's, you know, we spend a lot of time on this show talking about how chamber is basically a sasquatch. So there. There is some educated guess you could have had, but I actually like the. Based on your energy, I don't like that. So, space kitty, based on chambers energy, what would you have pegged his shoe size as is the real question.
Speaker G: I mean, a solid 16. I mean, he comes off very. I mean, you know, and he don't say he loves himself, you know, but he's definitely a fan of millennials, which he, you know, proudly proclaims. So I'm gonna go like a 1616 and a half custom.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker G: You gotta get those custom made.
Speaker A: Chamber.
Speaker B: That.
Speaker A: I mean, that heartwarming for you.
Speaker B: It is. I'm gonna.
Speaker A: We spent all Friday roasting you, and now you get one of maybe probably the best compliment you've ever received, without.
Speaker B: Question, the best compliment I've ever received.
Speaker C: Wait, I mean, am I reading this wrong, or is she saying you're overcompensating with. With the sneaker size?
Speaker B: Maybe. Maybe that's.
Speaker A: Oh, that's actually a great point.
Speaker B: Let's go with her.
Speaker A: Let's let her clarify, because that's a. That's a fantastic point. Maybe, but, like, a small shoe size wouldn't be better.
Speaker G: It depends which way is gonna get me the most friends. I'm just kidding.
Speaker A: Well, it'll get.
Speaker G: I'm gonna go with the first one. You've been really nice to me so far, and I feel like if you were a super arrogant asshole, like, for real? Like, for real, for real, nobody would be here, because why would they be? So I'm gonna go with the first one.
Speaker A: Look at that.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm floating off my chair right now.
Speaker A: This is chamber. I feel like there's a tweet coming specifically about this experience following the show, and I'm very excited for it. So, space kitty, you're. You are obviously welcome here.
Speaker B: And friend of the show.
Speaker A: Friend of the show, space kitty. In fact, next spaces is just going to be an hour long interview with space Kitty. So set your class, set your clocks, or we're doing it. So. All right, well, what we got? So it sounds like we're going to be booted up for conference season with our, with our auto lacing. Just a bunch of such a nerds. Oh, my God. I was thinking that today actually is like, we are, we're gonna be walking around like, check out my shoe. I went to a family birthday party yesterday and I wore my artifact ar hoodie that I've been super excited about. And I mean, I basically just got dunked on by my family for 4 hours. And I was like, let's see your special hoodie. Okay, thank you, grandma. It was grandma's birthday. It was, yeah, it was grandma's birthday and she dunked on me for an hour about my, my magic hoodie. Like, back in my day, we wore wool like men. And I was like, oh, well, this is, this, this has a picture show up when I scan it. It was quite a time. And then that was it. So that, but point being, I think we'll be, you know, we'll be suited and booted for, for conference season with these artifacts shoes. I did want to get to our third or our other web three poll here because I want to ask des his opinion on this up top. There was some frank action yesterday in the Twitter world, as there usually seemingly always is, and it caused an uproar about, you know, lots of back and forth on one. Is it actually something that's going to happen to what your thoughts might be on doing this as a brand and especially Des, you as a project founder and owner? The poll up top is, will cease and desist actually stop derivatives of ute's? As in, like, will they actually proceed doing this? There was a whole thing about Frank coming out and saying he's going to send cease and desists out to any derivatives. Des, what's your take on one derivatives in general to cease and desist. And what you think is going to happen here?
Speaker C: Oh, man, this is a, this is a deep conversation to be had. I mean, you know, I do stand in the standpoint that, uh, you know, all things are basically derivative in nature. Threatening that you're gonna send cease and desist, I'm gonna say is an l take. But, uh, you know, it was interesting, I was on a space earlier today, and I don't know if I want to fact check this, but someone was saying that they cco the minions ip. Are you like universal did that? Which I thought is a crazy. I like, I want to investigate more on that, but, you know, I'm. I think it distracts, if anything. That's why you've seen some of the brands like Moonbirds and, and AJt's gobble town go to. Go to CC Zero. I, I, I think it's a distraction. So overall, I don't think it's necessarily something we need to be talking about. Is sending cease and desist for derivatives. That's, that's my take chamber.
Speaker A: Thoughts?
Speaker B: Um, I saw it, I. My first question was like, does this happen a lot? Like, is bored ape sending out cease and desist? Or, you know, because what, when a big, you know, when a big project drops or there's a lot of hype behind, I mean, within 24 hours there's going to be like 15 derivatives that I know a lot of my DJM friends love to buy and flip. So is it, is that happening with other projects? If so, then yes, that's fine. If not, then it's a little, it's a little weird.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's fair. Let's go to space kitty for her take.
Speaker G: Hey, thank you. Well, I actually have seen this multiple times. I've actually been around this space, my educator in this space. I know it's ironic because I come with jokes and a female face and a female voice all in one. I know that's strange, but I've seen this a lot in the years I've been here. And what I can say is that sometimes they're successful. When they send that first cease and desist, they send it out, open sea just immediately will take it down. Now, if they start fighting though, right? So say the derivative says, no, we deserve to be here, we want to stay here. Maybe we've made x amount of changes. To say that does play a factor. That is a factor to consider as well. How much change did they make? Did they flip it, etcetera? And is it notably different in any kind of way? All these things play into that, but if the derivative comes in and tries to find to get back on there, a lot of times it's easy for them to actually get back on there if they've made any significant change at all or if they get their own attorney. So just picking how hard they fight. They can oftentimes get relisted or they can still use other platforms, like looks fair and so forth. Again, it depends on how much the main project really fights. To have those things taken down and what differences those derivatives, you know, put in to ensure that they weren't exactly 100% identical. Now say they get it all the way down. Right. It's really hard because what ends up happening is there needs to be a litigation about it so oftentimes as avoided because we know where are you really going to find the people who put that up? Can you really stop them from continuously putting it up? So it's a battle to get them down and to stay down. That's one problem. You get one down and 50 more pop up simply because it got all the attention of the first one going down. Because pulling one down does gain, you know, it does gain traction and notice. So then people are like, oh, I'm going to do it too. And the next thing you know, there's five more pop up. You know, it's kind of like weeds. You spray one down and 50 more pop up.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's a think that's a good take. And it, because I mean, we saw it with moonbirds. Totally. And then I think your point about changing it enough. Right. Is super important to you. You actually even saw Frank tweet out afterwards that he got on a spaces that the project he was concerned about founder was on and they talked it out. And what was interesting was he kind of asked him, well, why are you even doing a derivative? And he said it's hard to get attention as a brand new, completely original project, which is true. So there's some merit to it. I think you're spot on about like changing it enough chamber. Did you have some thoughts there? I saw you come off me too.
Speaker B: Yeah. Like, I don't know. I'm not too hard on him. I mean, if he wants to take care of his project, you know what I mean? And honestly, I think a lot of it has to do with just keeping it in, like in the zeitgeist because a lot of these projects when they lose focus, they, you know, the price goes down. So just keeping it in the kind of, you know, news cycle I think is probably what's happening more. More so than anything else.
Speaker A: Yeah. Interesting. Let's go. Let's go to Joe Steve and then back to space kitty for a rebuttal and then we'll hit the other two.
Speaker H: I think that there's a ceremonial aspect to it. Basically they're trying to expand with web two or with brand partners. And so if you're attempting to protect your identity, you're showing to those partners who may not know you as well, that you take that seriously. And also, as chambers said, it's basically, it's cheap. It's cheap press, it keeps you out there. The other thing is, they're very big on autonomization over there. And so once you start to send out those sort of cease and desists, if you're working with in house counsel, it doesn't cost as much as we all think it does. So those are my, my points.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's an awesome point about them kind of having to show that for potential brand partners, because they have said multiple times that that's kind of part of their strategy, is to be partners with these web two brands and with their reward center and things like that. So I think that's an awesome point, Steve.
Speaker E: No, I was going to say something similar to what actually Joe and Chamber. Um, it's weird saying Joan Chamber because you're Joan Chamber, but like, uh, warp Joan Chamber said where it's like, that's the idea is like, you know, they need to show their web two partners, they're defending their ip. Just one. I mean, two things I was going to hit quick is like answering chambers question about, like, bored ape yacht club didn't do this. They actually were going to when wicked bone Club came out last year, which was like this derivative of like, wicked craniums and, and, um, board ape yacht club. And then they found out that their holders were predominantly the people who were buying them to get matches, so they made the decision not to litigate. They only actually have litigated around the rider rip stuff for. Well, one, obviously they probably don't like being called nazis, but the other part is that they are indistinguishable from the actual board apes, which is like a consumer protection issue. So they sort of have to go after them. It's, it's sort of one of those things where people are like, well, Andy Warhol did Campbell soup cans, but you would never assume that a Campbell soup can is actual soup. Whereas the Bourde Bach club derivatives and writer rips could easily be confused and sort of put in that spot. So just worth, we're, you know, kind of answering chambers question as he left the stage, as I was talking. So I get that, but was more of an answer there.
Speaker A: I mean, speak for yourself. I've tried to lick many a Warhol and thinking that it might taste like Campbell's soup, so. But yes, awesome point space. Kitty, back to you. And then we'll go to circle and.
Speaker G: Then norm, I just had two other things I wanted to quickly say about cease and desist one. Serving them, though, still serves purpose because it does get them down from open sea while they look at it, at least for a little while. And for a lot of derivatives, it's easy to smash them out when you kill the hype. And that does tend to kill the hype pretty well just to get them down, delisted for any amount of time. The second thing is that for a project that's a derivative, to survive, it has to actually do something beyond, beside just provide the same art that's already there. And so oftentimes I find that derivatives for me are difficult for me to personally invest in due to the fact that oftentimes there's not a structured business plan. They're not really doing anything. And I know that hype, as quick as it rises, three times as fast will it fall. And I know that. So I tend to not really invest in those personally. So I just want to throw that out there as well.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's spot on, especially the first point about making it. I think that's kind of what moonbirds did, right, where they kind of came out publicly said they were going to smash them all and they slowed down a little bit because there was a million moon birds, ones right off the bat. But I totally also agree about the hype. You know, if you're, it's one thing if you're going to be flipping these into momentum for the purpose of flipping them into momentum, but I think it's dangerous to try to, you know, long term hold a derivative outside of, of maybe just, you know, a cheap community that you want to be in circles. Norm Hunter and then we got to wrap this thing up already. Look at us. Holy cow.
Speaker C: Hey, let me know if I'm rugging, I'm driving.
Speaker A: So it could be you're good.
Speaker C: What about the derivatives that came out before ute's drop? But I mean, that is kind of a question of what, what do you call those? Do those count as derivatives or not? And then the kind of follow up question is, are those projects even around anymore or have they like space? Kitty was just saying gone the way of the dinosaur and ended up down to zero.
Speaker A: I think there's definitely some that have survived, right? And they've done their own thing. And if you can create a. I think there, you know, some things around derivatives are interesting in the sense that like, you know, they often, the ones that do survive come at like the derivative of something that is priced out to a normal person, right? So like, I feel like you've seen some bored apes, derivatives survive for one reason or another and it's because people want to be part of that but can't afford to have an ape or a mutant. So I think there's some valid things there. If I they actually can build a team and like space Kitty said, some original content and momentum of their own. But your point about the ute's derivatives that came out before the ute's archdrap is funny and I don't, I saw that going around yesterday and I actually don't know how to feel or approach that question, which is interesting. So if anyone else has a thought on that too, norm, let's go to you.
Speaker F: First of all, did we ever find out what size shoe chamberlain?
Speaker A: You know what, I don't know if we did. It's a 1313 for those.
Speaker B: Regular. That's regular size. Okay.
Speaker A: It's regular size for the 16 and a half.
Speaker G: Yeah, 16 and a half, I guess. Yeah, that's it. That's what it was.
Speaker A: He can actually, he actually is qualified to be a spokesperson for the general with the size 13.
Speaker F: So I think this is a. I'm being hyperbolic or ridiculous, but I think derivatives, I think cease and desist works on derivatives when SPF goes to prison. So I just, I don't think that it's going to be a thing. Especially when you can like left turn PFP and that counts as a derivative and all that kind of stuff. I think it's, I think it's a waste of energy and time for a company. I do agree with Joe and Steve of that. If you're trying to prove to a potential partner that you're going to, you know, fight for the rights of your, you know, ip, that's great. But you can't really. I mean, even the highest impacts still have people selling their knockoffs on the streets of New York and all kinds of stuff. So I just don't think it's going to be a thing.
Speaker A: I think we have a business opportunity to create a marketplace cult canal street and it only has derivatives on it. So I think that's where we should go next with this punter, then Mackie and then I'm going to wind this thing down. Gm.
Speaker I: Gm. I had to, I was just lurking in the crowd, but I. There was so much blasphemy going on that I just, I had to hop up to the stage for everybody counting at home. It is Gif, it is not Jiff. I hate to agree with Steve, but I did want to say a couple quick things. I won't weigh in on the frank stuff, because you guys just already hit that. First of all, I love these. Potentially, we should do like a Djen holiday party with a. With a. With the spaces like this, where we just roast one another over a couple of drinks for an hour or two. It's just. It's so much fun. I'm over here laughing my head off. And I did. I did want to say, though, I felt that chamber might be the one who invites Steve up to the stage, because when Steve comes up, it seems like the heat comes off chamber a little bit.
Speaker A: So that's because Chamber directs the heat to Steve, and then Steve can take it so he doesn't feel bad about it. Chamber.
Speaker E: Some of my best moments are, like, when I go to join a DJ team call, and it's just me and chamber there early, and we just, like, go back and forth. I mean, it is. I like, I know we obviously joke around, but for the people up here, I love that, man.
Speaker A: They're the MJ and Lebron of web three. Really? Oh, God. Don't start this.
Speaker B: Nice conversations. When it was just me and you, I thought I was opening up to show you my real self.
Speaker A: Which. Which is the real self, the space itself or the. You and him on a dj called.
Speaker B: Me and Steve on a d gen call by ourselves.
Speaker A: Oh, there you go. By the way, I didn't get to this because we got right into everything today, but I was going to try to do a segment today in which I wrote the roasts of chamber using chat, the OpenAI chat botanical. And I will say, I still have it up here.
Speaker D: I can put my hand down. That's way more important than what I.
Speaker I: Was going to say.
Speaker A: Well, I'll get. I just want to do this real quick, and then I'll throw back to you, Mackie, and we'll wrap up. But. So if you haven't used the chat, the OpenAI chat bot your AI yet, it's incredible. You've probably seen a bunch of stuff going around. I was actually really disappointed with it today. My first question to it was, what jokes would you tell in a roast of someone who wears Tommy Bahama shirts? And the response was, as a language model trained by OpenAI, I am not capable of generating jokes or participating in a roast. My function is to assist users with providing accurate and helpful information based on the input given me. So then I tried to press on and I said, I just went right back at it. What jokes would you tell in a roast of someone who wears Tommy Bahama shirts, they responded, you know, the same thing. But then they added, roasting someone based on their clothing choices is not kind or respectful behavior. And I would not condone it. My purpose is to help users, not to provide material for hurtful or offensive behavior. So chamber OpenAI is really looking out for you here. And I just wanted to let you know that somebody out there has your back because I was trying to get them to roast. Oh, wait. I then went further. What are some funny observations about Canadians? And it wouldn't give. It wouldn't. It wouldn't let me have that one either. So I am actually totally bearish on chat. Yeah, the chat bot here bunch.
Speaker I: It shows you how far off we are really from AI coming into its own.
Speaker A: If it exactly come up with anything yet. The singularity is bullshit. It won't even let me roast chamber and I'm not here for it. Mackie, we'll throw it to you, then we'll hit Joe and then we'll wrap this thing up.
Speaker D: I actually had AI write a song about hot dogs for me with a rhyming scheme, and it did a decent job.
Speaker A: Are you gonna sing it first?
Speaker D: I mean, let me see if I can pull it up really quick. I can read it to you as poetry perhaps.
Speaker A: Yes, I would love some hot dog pros to close this down.
Speaker D: Let's see. Joe, go ahead and we'll come back to me while I look this up.
Speaker H: Yeah, I just had a really quick question on conversion. Is chambers 13 a canadian? 13? Because then it's only a US nine and a half.
Speaker A: So I just figured out chamber. The people are asking no.
Speaker B: So you'll be. You'll be happy to know that in Canada we use the same us, you know, foot measuring system here for our shoes. So it does say.
Speaker H: So it's not.
Speaker B: No, I think like the UK has got a weird.
Speaker H: One of you is seventy three cents of ours. Yeah. Okay, got it.
Speaker A: I believe the proper shoe measurement size in Canada is feet.
Speaker B: That's right. Just one 1ft.
Speaker A: 1Ft.
Speaker D: Canadian socialism.
Speaker G: Speaking of feet, Google is not so nice. Just so you know. It doesn't love you as much because I totally went and googled canadian jokes. I can say to Canadians, and it totally gave me a whole list with the first one being, how do you get a Canadian to apologize? So if any of you guys need a Canadian here to apologize, apparently just step on their feet. We've been talking about.
Speaker A: Oh, there you go. Step on your feet and you'll apologize.
Speaker G: You step on their foot, and then they apologize to you. Apparently. I don't know. That's what Google. Apparently it's not your old friend.
Speaker A: Just so you know, the apology thing is for real.
Speaker B: We say sorry so much here.
Speaker A: So Google is still better than AI is what we're getting at here. So before we close this.
Speaker G: More of a jerk.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's. That's right. Before we close this down, the results from the polls. And then we'll go to Mackey's hot dog rhymes to end this thing out. Die hard. Overwhelmingly, a Christmas movie with 74%. The emergency poll for Jif or Gif ended up being a route, even though we had public see look. But we had public jiffers come and be brave and come up and stand up for what's right and what they believe in. And it only ended up being 24% of us. So I stand with the 24%. 76% say Gif on this poll, and 86% say no to the cease and desist that they will not actually happen. So that's our polls. Mackie, let's get to you with some hot dog poetry to shut it down.
Speaker D: Okay, here we go. Hot dogs, oh so tasty served up on a bun so hasty topped with ketchup and mustard too a delicious meal that's fit for you hot dogs, hot dogs, oh so fine a summertime treat that's truly divine hot dogs, hot dogs they hit the spot a perfect meal whether grilled or hot with onions, relish and sauerkraut hot dogs are the perfect route for a quick and easy meal on the go they're a tasty treat, don't you know hot dogs, hot dogs, oh so fine a summertime treat that's truly divine hot dogs, hot dogs they hit the spot. A perfect meal whether grilled or hot.
Speaker A: That is just fucking incredible.
Speaker G: You should know they've been canceling doctor seuss, so you're probably at risk very, very severely for being nice.
Speaker A: Mackie, that was fantastic. And I'm actually. I actually kind of want to give you a prompt for a song or a rhyme for on Friday's show.
Speaker D: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: Chamber. Any ideas? Any ideas of what it should be about?
Speaker D: You all know how to dm me.
Speaker B: I cannot.
Speaker C: I think we should have them write always sunny in Philadelphia episode where they meet a Canadian with 13 size foot and who's just a little grumpy.
Speaker A: There we go.
Speaker D: It's got to be a song.
Speaker C: No, no, no. I had it write many, many office episodes for me.
Speaker A: You bring that oh, wait. Okay, Des, on Friday, bring an office episode or an office cold open. I would love to do an office cold open with. With the Canadian with 13 size.
Speaker B: Can we all. Can we all take a part two? Like, and do.
Speaker A: Yeah, we'll do a table.
Speaker C: Yes. I'll make it a screenplay.
Speaker A: This is fantastic. I fucking love these. This is way more fun than our regular YouTube show. We should just do this on Wednesdays. Now.
Speaker B: Just three shows.
Speaker A: Just three of these. But that's gonna do it for us, I think. What chamber. Go ahead.
Speaker B: I was gonna say, I put out a poll on mint condition the other day, strictly asking where you like to consume, because I had the same thought. I'm like, we could just do a podcast. Put all three out as a podcast. Do three spaces. Bada bing, bada boom.
Speaker A: Yeah, this is. We talked actually in our chat that, you know, having them. Having these spaces go out as podcasts is kind of like building our. Our lore because you get to introduce all these other characters, like space Kitty today. Like, that's gonna. She's just epic history.
Speaker B: We have two years worth of, you know, devout listeners to the podcast that are. That were immediately introduced to a cast of characters last Friday.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So, yeah, no, it's.
Speaker A: This is awesome stuff that's going to do it for us. For Mackie, v squared, chamber and des. Until next time, stay mint.
