Speaker A: What have I done? What have I become? I can't describe this. This is my mid mic crisis.
Speaker B: It's a beautiful day by me. I don't know about you.
Speaker C: It's absolutely beautiful. It's about 26 degrees here.
Speaker B: Yeah, 27 here.
Speaker C: 27. I mean, it's. It's. It's. I feel like you're. You're just me now.
Speaker B: A marin height.
Speaker C: A marin height. A marin height. 911. I have to imagine it's like, was that 80? Gotta be, what, 85?
Speaker B: Yeah, it felt like. It felt like low to mid eighties here today.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's what I feel like. That's the equivalent to 25 degrees celsius. Yeah.
Speaker B: Pretty close.
Speaker C: Very nice. Very nice. Nice and sunny. I did. I got a question for you. Yeah, I do have a question for you. You're a homeowner, right? What? I had to get a new lawnmower. I ordered one a couple weeks ago.
Speaker B: Oh, I don't mow my own lawn, though.
Speaker C: What are you talking about?
Speaker B: We. We live in an hoa. We have. We live in an hoa area, and it's part of the hoa that my lawn is mowed for me.
Speaker C: Okay. Hoa means homeowners association.
Speaker B: Correct.
Speaker C: These sound terrible, by the way. For the record.
Speaker B: From what I've heard, from what, I've never had a problem with mine. It's pretty passive. My lawn gets mowed. My show snow gets shoveled.
Speaker C: So your backyard gets mowed too.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Huh.
Speaker B: Front and back. And then they do my front.
Speaker C: Am I just a poor.
Speaker B: Like, they do my front yard landscaping as well? Like, they'll. They mulch the front yard, not the front. And, like, to the sides, and then they don't do. But they don't do the back.
Speaker C: I'm googling. Does Canada have hoas? Cause I've only heard.
Speaker B: Oh, come on. For sure. No, I don't know.
Speaker C: I'm telling you.
Speaker B: Except yours are spelled h o e h h. That's.
Speaker C: That's right.
Speaker B: Hoa.
Speaker C: Uh, yes.
Speaker B: Come on. That was a good one.
Speaker C: That was pretty good. That was pretty good hoas.
Speaker B: I like.
Speaker C: I. Yeah, no, not. Not popular in Canada, really. There's an occasional one kind of, you know, smattered across the country, but not a big. Not a big thing here in Canada.
Speaker B: I feel like you. If you lived in an hoa, you would be the guy that runs for, like, Hoa president.
Speaker C: Oh, mayhem says condo boards.
Speaker B: Is that the canadian equivalent?
Speaker C: But you live in a. You live in a, like, a detached house, don't you?
Speaker B: Correct.
Speaker C: Yeah. So, yeah, like, I'm aware of, like, condo boards.
Speaker B: Well, it's. It's like a condo board for your neighborhood. It's the same.
Speaker C: Yeah. Oh, no. Yeah, we definitely don't have, like, you know, you ever.
Speaker B: It's the Del Boca Vista Seinfeld. That's what it is.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah. That sounds just. It seems like I have to be in contact with my neighbors too frequently.
Speaker B: No, there's no. That's what I. At least in my neighborhood, I don't. It has nothing to, like, I don't have to go to meetings. I don't do anything. I pay my hoa, and all this stuff gets done. Like, I've never been to a meeting. I've never voted. I've never done anything.
Speaker C: Do they have any weird rules? You have any weird rules?
Speaker B: Yeah, there are. There are rules that keep. Let me see how to describe this. They technically, like. They, like, neuter what you can do outside and around your house because.
Speaker C: Which I'm all for.
Speaker B: They want to keep. Yeah. They want to keep it uniform ish. Right? So, like, I can't go build some monstrosity in my backyard. I can't have certain things. But it's. It's very loose. Like, one of the things that you're not allowed, technically, to have is, like, an in window air conditioning unit, because I guess people think that looks like.
Speaker C: Trash, but it does look like trash. You know what?
Speaker B: I might see. There you go. Come on. You're gonna see. It's gonna start. An Hoa.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's. I mean, an HoA is kind of like a dow.
Speaker C: I'm into it now.
Speaker B: They're kind of like dow.
Speaker C: I'm converted there.
Speaker B: Yeah, I've.
Speaker C: There's leaders of this.
Speaker B: That's what I'm saying. You could run for HOA president. It's kind of like class president, you know? If I were in charge of the HOA, I'd put a vending machine on every corner.
Speaker C: Oh, my goodness. Hawaiian punch in the water fountains.
Speaker B: See, this is what I'm talking about. You would be great for an HOa. Yeah.
Speaker C: You know what? Okay, so I guess so you need to.
Speaker B: You need to buy a new lawnmower.
Speaker C: I bought one. I bought one.
Speaker B: Is it a rider?
Speaker C: It is not a rider. I don't have rider property.
Speaker B: Yeah, I don't. I don't either. I don't either. But when my. When I was growing up, I did. And I had to ride the John Deere around.
Speaker C: Yeah, we. Yeah, we had a Honda. We were a Honda family. Big Honda family. But I went with. I bought a. A battery operator, like a wireless lawnmower, or, you know, like the battery operated ones where you have to charge them. And I did my first cut today. I gotta tell you, I was. I was hesitant. It was a very. They did a very good job. Excellent.
Speaker B: I'm sorry. So the catch is here that it's not gasoline powered. It's. It's electric.
Speaker C: Yeah. It's so normally, electric was always like, plug in your lawnmower, and you had this, like, extension cord, which nobody wants.
Speaker B: Which seems very dangerous.
Speaker C: A. It's dangerous. It's annoying. Nobody wants that.
Speaker B: What are you guys doing up there? You know, like, you're. You're riding your lawnmower with big, heavy blades over your extension cords. What? That doesn't seem right.
Speaker C: Uh, yeah. I mean, it wasn't for me. I always had, you know, gas lawnmower.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker C: But I converted to the cordless, battery operated. So you just charge your battery. It's like a Tesla. For long.
Speaker B: Yeah. I was just going to say it's your. It's the law. The Tesla of lawn Mars.
Speaker C: I'm pleasantly surprised.
Speaker B: Made by Elon Husk. It is.
Speaker C: It is. Elon. With L A W N. Elon.
Speaker B: Yeah. Elon. Oh, come on, man. We're on fire today. Elon Husk. That's it. Nailed it.
Speaker C: But, yeah, if anybody's, you know, on. On the fence about getting one of these, I would recommend, you know, for a moderately size. For a moderately sized front back lawn. It does the trick on one charge. I still had some. Some charge left, but, yeah.
Speaker B: So what'd you model neighbor's lawn or what?
Speaker C: I did. Sometimes I model a neighbor's lawn. I have an older.
Speaker B: Well, now you can. You have enough juice?
Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah. It's. It is nice. It is nice. Maybe just the front. Maybe just the front for them. I'm not going all the way in the back.
Speaker B: I have a side note. I'm. Look, I'm looking down at the listeners today, and I see a bunch of familiar faces. So thank you for listening. Cap, Mark Ficero, Brendan shovel, Karina and I. Phonics, stoop, mayhem. Ape, aped, and wrecked. So this is the one I wanted to point out. All right. Aped and wrecked has.
Speaker C: I'm a fan. I'm a fan.
Speaker B: Has adopted the Udo flow. He has made some music using Udo based on our podcasts and the one he made specifically about my dad. Did you remember this one? The mister egg?
Speaker C: Yeah, it was the egg one, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, it was Mister Egg. Where he fights Mister egg. I sent that to my dad.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: And he called me cracking up. Absolutely in tears, laughing. I'd never heard him laugh so hard.
Speaker C: What a full circle moment for him, you know?
Speaker B: Oh, my God, dude. He. He couldn't even believe it. He couldn't. He's like, I don't understand where this came from, what is happening, why he's like. But I just cannot stop laughing. So he really enjoyed that. And it is my dad and my brother's birthday today, so. Shouts to them and shouts to aped and wrecked for the bunch. Whose dad song. Yeah, I wish I had it.
Speaker C: I'll put the. I'll put the song in right here.
Speaker A: It's just another day at work and local chemical plan gotta climb my way to the top and battle misdirect till he drops if I don't, the kids won't get no treats yet if I don't, the kids won't. Don't get tricks.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I'm Butcher's dad. Maybe you seen me around. I'm Butcher's dad just catching some eggs and returning them to cinder. Battling mistakes.
Speaker B: Nailed it. God, it's. It's so good. It is good. I taught my dad because of that. I taught my dad how to use Udo.
Speaker C: That's great.
Speaker B: Oh, God, he loves it so much. He loves it so much. His thing is, like, he's the guy that. At, like, family gatherings or I, you know, weddings or even, you know, funerals, retirement parties, anything. He's the guy that gives the speech. He's the guy that gives the talk. Right? Like, everybody wants him to say a few words. He's. He's the say a few words guy and he. One of his go tos when he's being. Say a few words guy is. He writes these, like, almost doctor seuss like poems about people and they're often very hilarious and they're just fun. And so he's like, holy shit, I could turn these into songs. And I was like, you sure can. And he was. He was blown away. So he's a Udo guy now, so. Thanks.
Speaker C: Udo has changed something where I can't just paste song lyrics from songs that already exist and create a new versions of them.
Speaker B: Oh, that's lame.
Speaker C: Not a fan of that.
Speaker B: So I wonder why they did that.
Speaker C: I'm sure there's some legal reason for it.
Speaker B: Yeah. But, like, it doesn't seem that. I guess I get. But, like, fine, I could just. I'm just gonna go do that myself then. I don't know.
Speaker C: Yeah, I know. It's. Yeah, I mean, I'm sure I haven't tested, like, just changing a couple of words, see if it, like, lets me. You know what I mean? Like, how many words do I need to change before it's its own thing?
Speaker B: But, yeah, that's interesting. That's unfortunate, because you were making some bangers.
Speaker C: I honestly, there's some songs. I was just like, oh, like, this is like, I'll make a playlist of this, and I'll just listen to this. Like, it's. It was that good?
Speaker B: They were that good. My favorite was still pumped up kicks.
Speaker C: Pumped up kicks was very good. My kids were singing that in the car today, unaware of the meaning behind it. Well, one of them was.
Speaker B: I actually remember the first time I heard that song ever.
Speaker C: What year did that come out?
Speaker B: I could tell you probably 2011.
Speaker C: What were you doing in 2011?
Speaker B: Well, I could tell you where the first time I heard it was. So it was either late 2010 or sometime in 2011. So you could check me first if.
Speaker C: I bang on September of 2010. So late.
Speaker B: Okay. So, so late 2010, early 2011, I was on my way to Foxborough, Massachusetts, to have a. My first interview for my job at Sam Adams, and I stayed at my buddy Ben's house overnight in Connecticut, drove up halfway from New Jersey, stayed overnight, and drove the rest of the way in the morning, really early and on the way. It was the first time I heard that song, and I really was into it, and I don't know why I remember that, but that is. That is the first time I heard it and what I was doing.
Speaker C: That's wild.
Speaker B: Weird.
Speaker C: Good song. Good song. Great memory.
Speaker B: Foxborough. Foxborough. I was on my way to a massage parlor in Foxboro. Interview. Did you watch the Tom Brady roast?
Speaker C: No.
Speaker B: Me either.
Speaker C: No. There were comedians. I'm glad you brought this up, because, um, there is a segment of comedians that I'm just not a fan of.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's the. I know, exactly you're talking about. They're the comedy cabal. It's like, it's the group. It's the very same dynamic.
Speaker C: And I'm going to talk the group.
Speaker B: Of crypto influencers that we. You know what I mean?
Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah. And there are some that have passes, so right off the hop, Anthony Jeselnik wasn't at the roast, so that's. To me.
Speaker B: Well, he gets a pass anyway. He's always the best. He's.
Speaker C: Oh, he's the best roaster. That's why I didn't watch it. Is because he wasn't there.
Speaker B: Is it because he looks kind of like Tom Brady? If you squint your eyes. Oh, I think he's.
Speaker C: I mean, maybe I'm in the wrong here. I would say Anthony Joselnick is better looking than Tom Brady.
Speaker B: Wow. Okay. I think Tom Brady. Let's not get carried away.
Speaker C: Not that good looking. I think he's got kind of like.
Speaker B: Well, he definitely got some hair work done.
Speaker C: Yeah, he got dumb look on his face. Oh, no. Was it just me? I got a dumb face.
Speaker B: What dumb look? The dumb look of, like, somebody who got, who lost 60 million to FTX. That. That kind of dumb look.
Speaker C: That's the kind of face you need to lose that kind of money.
Speaker B: I don't mean he's the greatest of all time. He can look however he wants. He. He can now.
Speaker C: For now.
Speaker B: Well, let's put it this way. You could be Tom Brady. You could. You could have Tom Brady's resume and look like Tom Brady, or you could have Tom Brady's resume and look like Eli Manning. Which one are you taking some bad options there?
Speaker C: I would go with Tom Brady still.
Speaker B: I played with. I played with a guy today that I swear could have been one of the long lost mannings. Yeah, he looked like him. Yeah. He was a great guy. Good gentleman.
Speaker C: Well, you better have a personality. That's all I'm saying.
Speaker B: He was nice.
Speaker C: But, no, you're right, though. I want to talk about the. The comedy cabal, because there are people. Burt Kreischer is.
Speaker B: You don't like him, huh?
Speaker C: I do not like him.
Speaker B: Interesting.
Speaker C: I think.
Speaker B: Not a fan of the machine.
Speaker C: I like the story. I like the story. It's a fun story. I feel like he actually, he doesn't have comedic talent. I think he's just, like a fun party animal that had one fantastic story and has milked it ever since. I think.
Speaker B: I don't think that's, um. I don't think that's a terrible take, actually, because he's certainly. He's certainly where he is now from the machine store, right?
Speaker C: 100%.
Speaker B: Like, that's what blew him up. They made a movie out of it. It's like the thing.
Speaker C: Two movies.
Speaker B: Two.
Speaker C: Well, Van Wilder is him.
Speaker B: Oh, right. Dude, I forgot about that. Okay. So he's. So he's got some pole, though. You know what I mean? Yeah. He's. He's got.
Speaker C: I personally think he's actively bringing down the career of Tom Segura, who I do like.
Speaker B: Interesting. Well, I was going to bring that up because he's got the podcast.
Speaker C: I like Tom Segura, but I think his association with Bert is bringing the overall quality of Tom down. What do you think about that?
Speaker B: I don't listen to enough of their stuff. Like, I'm not that deep in the space.
Speaker C: T rose disagreeing with me, so I know I'm onto something.
Speaker B: Looks like blockchain ninja. Also disagreeing.
Speaker C: Hey, I mean, I'll go ahead to head with anybody talking comics.
Speaker B: Yeah. I feel like you're. You've got some chops here to you to flex, you know what I mean?
Speaker C: Absolutely. I feel like I know what I'm talking about. Andrew Schultz is another one I think is an absolute hack.
Speaker B: So Andrew, he's got that Hitler haircut. He's got that crypto crossover. Wasn't he? Wasn't he. Wasn't he a speaker at VCON? And people were upset because he's. He is.
Speaker C: Oh, I didn't know that.
Speaker D: I did not know that he wasn't a speaker. He did a set, though.
Speaker B: He did a set. And he. But people. And people were kind of like, really? This is the guy? Because he's kind of misogynistic in his content sometimes.
Speaker C: Yeah. No, I mean, and that's what hacks do, right? Like, you can do.
Speaker B: Yeah. Blue, I love. He's very blue.
Speaker C: Yeah, I'm a blue guy. Okay.
Speaker B: You are. You're. Yeah, I mean, you were talking re p the other day.
Speaker C: Sure was.
Speaker B: I mean, that's pretty, but it's about as blue as it gets for this show.
Speaker C: But I mean, you look at my. Some of my faves, right? Like, Jessel, Nick is very controversial. What he's like, his jokes are very blue. Gilbert Gottfried, who's one of my absolute favorites.
Speaker B: Yeah, but they're like a different kind of blue. So, see, I agree.
Speaker C: I agree.
Speaker B: I feel like one is. One is like Jessica, Nick goes for shock value, and he delivers very shocking punchlines. And they might be blue, but that's his style of, like, it's very shock, right? But, yes, but it's not shock as in sometimes it's offensive, but it's not like punching down. Right. I think the shoals here, I think the Schultz and the Schultzes of the world often punched down.
Speaker C: I agree. I do not like punching down. I like a punch up. And that's why a guy like Shane Gillis, who's in the same cabal, who's actually redacted. Yeah. Who's in the same cabal as these other guys, I feel does a good job of punching up.
Speaker B: I don't know, man. He's borderline.
Speaker C: I feel like he does. He's very offensive, but I think he was. I think I saw him on Andrew Schultz's show, and they were making joke that he kind of looked like a person with down syndrome. And if he does, I mean, it does. He makes a joke about it in his stand up, where he's like, oh, you know, the genes. You know, it clipped me, but it didn't get me. You know what I mean? I think make. And he has. I believe he has. I think it's an uncle who has down syndrome in his family. And so down synergy.
Speaker B: But isn't that pretty borderline punching down, though?
Speaker C: It's not. When you listen to what he's saying, he's saying, you know, you can tell the people that don't have, you know, somebody with down syndrome in their personal life because they always think it's a bad thing, and it's actually a great thing. These are some of the happiest people I've ever met. My uncle sneaks in grilled cheeses to the restaurant because he doesn't like anything from a restaurant, and he'll have, like, a bag of, like, grilled cheeses that he's made from home. Having a great old time at the restaurant.
Speaker B: I do that too.
Speaker C: Fucking great advice, by the way.
Speaker B: But here I ask every restaurant what their spaghetti policy is. Yeah. Oh, by the way, we'll go back to this in a second. However, I did pick up a very cool collectible today. I got my buddy a couple weeks ago, went to this event, and Charlie Day and Glenn Howerton were there from all they. I got a signed bottle of their new four walls whiskey. So I don't drink, but I wouldn't drink that one anyway because it's.
Speaker C: It's probably tastes like shit, but it's.
Speaker B: It's just. It's just whatever is left over from Ryan Reynolds. Successful stuff. Exactly. Just like Ryan Reynolds. Ryan Reynolds runoff water. Yeah.
Speaker C: No, that is pretty awesome. I agree. Like, that's much more valuable as a keepsake.
Speaker B: Yes. So it's got Charlie. It's got Charlie's autograph and Glenn's autograph, which is pretty cool.
Speaker C: Are those your two favorites? I guess DeVito is probably up there, right?
Speaker B: Well, yeah, I think. I think if I got a mantis toboggan on there, that'd be really nice. But I think.
Speaker C: I think Glenn is. I think is my favorite. I think if I could meet one, if you said, you know what? I'm you can only meet one of the cast. I think I'm taking Glenn Howardson.
Speaker B: I'd probably do Charlie. I'd probably do Charlie.
Speaker C: You'd probably do Charlie. I mean, I think any of those are good answers. I think Mac is last.
Speaker B: I'd rather go back to. Go back to your comedy cabal. I didn't mean to interrupt you.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, I just think. Yeah, there's just a grouping. Especially those Andrew Schultz buddies. They're just absolute hacks and are kind of like. Like bullies. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, bullying comics, and I don't like it.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, I don't like it one bit. Very much in the same boat.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker C: I'm glad we're. I'm glad we're on the same page there.
Speaker B: If you had unlimited money and just, like, never had to work again, right, what would be, like, the hobby that you would pursue for, like, you know, your life's work?
Speaker C: No, there's. It's not even close. It's. It's a. I would be a. Like, a fossil researcher. Like, human.
Speaker B: What? This is so left field. I never, ever would have thought you would.
Speaker C: I would be going on. On excavations for different. You know, different.
Speaker B: You're the bone collector.
Speaker C: Skeletal remains.
Speaker B: Yeah. You're the bone collector.
Speaker C: 100%.
Speaker B: I love.
Speaker C: Yeah. It's only humans. The skin is the most interesting part.
Speaker B: Well, you know. Yeah. You can do a lot with the skin. You can make bags from it.
Speaker C: That's right. It's the most. It's by far the most interesting.
Speaker B: You haven't imagined the smell, though.
Speaker C: Oh, well, after. Well, the nice thing is, after, you know, century, you know, millennia, uh, the smell dissipates fairly easily.
Speaker B: That's true. Okay, so I did not think you would go there. Tell me why. Tell me why.
Speaker C: It's my favorite thing to think about.
Speaker B: Um, I thought it was, like, norse, uh, mythology.
Speaker C: I do love norse mythology. The older, the better. The further I can go back, the better. Um, but in a. In a human context or close to human context, uh, I think it's very interesting. Just the evolution of humans through time and finding the different iterations of humans over time, I think, is the most interesting thing in the world. And that's what I would be doing full time. I'd be in Iraq. I'd be in South Africa. I would be in Georgia and China, all over the world, digging up. Digging up bones.
Speaker B: Wow. You didn't even hesitate on this answer, and I would have. You couldn't have. You could offer me a million dollars, and I would have never guessed that. I would have never guessed that.
Speaker C: It's what I watched.
Speaker B: The reason I asked was because I thought maybe it would be something in comedy.
Speaker C: I mean, something in comedy would be fun, but the. If it was just. Yeah, no, if it was literally anything, it would be. It would be that I would love to make a living doing comedy. I think that's a fun way to do it. Make a living.
Speaker B: Okay. This is a good delineation, I guess.
Speaker C: Yeah. If I could make money doing anything.
Speaker B: Well, but, like, see, I think for. So I was even gonna say, like, one of my, one of my, like, dreams was always to be a stand up comedian, and you, it. The reason you don't is because it's extremely hard to make money doing it. Right. So the. That would be one of those things that, as a hobby, I would definitely pursue if. If, you know. Yeah.
Speaker C: Because if you were, if you were really rich and you didn't need the money, imagine trying to be a stand up. It would just be like, oh, I'm not. I think it would be bad because it's like, oh, I'm getting no money. I'm just getting heckled. Or I'm, like, bombing. Because, I mean, you wouldn't be very good for a few years at least. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker B: Sure. But that's part of honing the craft. No, like, that's kind of part of the fun of it is it's a game, right? There's formula. There's, you know, there's a way, and you just have to learn it, and it's, you know, if you're funny, you could do it for sure.
Speaker C: Who's your. Who would you, like? Like, frame your.
Speaker B: I was a. I was a Mike Burbiglia, Stan.
Speaker C: I'm. I was a huge Mike Birbiglia guy. I feel like I like him less and less.
Speaker B: I'm probably. Me, too. I haven't watched a bunch of recent stuff from him, but I. When I was growing up, I loved him so much.
Speaker C: I agree 100%. His la Quinta and sweets.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, even before that, like, way back, I remember watching him on premium blend.
Speaker C: Premium. He was on premium blend.
Speaker B: Something like that. One of those. One of those early shows. Or, like, one of his first comedy central.
Speaker C: I think that's where I saw Pete Holmes the first time was on premium blend.
Speaker B: Premium blend. Was that hosted by Harlan Williams or was he just on it?
Speaker C: I'm not. I can't remember. I know. He was on it, but I don't know if he was a host.
Speaker B: He did some like, skit about premium blend. I don't remember it. I don't know why. But anyway, I actually feel like this would be a good topic for the comment bubble. If money was no option to you, what would you spend your time doing? If you were just rich beyond your wildest dreams, what is the hobby or profession or whatever that you would spend your time and passion pursuing? I think that's a good chat bubble question. What do you think?
Speaker C: I think that's a great chat bubble question.
Speaker B: What do you think Steve's would be?
Speaker C: What would Steve's be? I'm just trying to think of like something.
Speaker B: I don't know. I feel like Steve's kind of living his dream.
Speaker C: Yeah. You know, dog Walker.
Speaker B: Nah, I feel like Steve's, like living his dream.
Speaker C: Yeah, he might be. He might be. You'd like to be the, you know, the CEO of Starbucks, maybe, or.
Speaker B: No, I don't think so.
Speaker C: I think he wanted to, you know, maybe be Flo's on screen partner for progressive.
Speaker B: Oh, that'd be good. Would you. Is there any world in which you would choose acting?
Speaker C: No. No.
Speaker B: Or, like, being a movie star?
Speaker C: Movie star is not something that's that attractive to me.
Speaker B: No, I would rather be like. But I would like to be like the always sunny guys.
Speaker C: I agree.
Speaker B: You know, like the write your own thing.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: You know, that. That's good.
Speaker C: Yeah. There's, there's a certain niche. Yes, I agree. Not, I do think this. I've been saying this since I. Did you watch the BlackBerry movie, by the way?
Speaker B: No, I couldn't remember what you told me to watch. And I.
Speaker C: So Glenn Howerton's in the BlackBerry movie.
Speaker B: Oh, right, right.
Speaker C: And I am going on the record right now. He will win an Oscar in the next ten years.
Speaker B: Can you imagine? He wins an Oscar and always Sonny is never nominated.
Speaker C: That's exactly what's going to happen. It's always Sunny will never be nominated for anything. And Glenn Howerton will win an Oscar for either best supporting or lead actor in a movie.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker C: Imagine next ten years. Imagine the smell. I heard he's going to be in the Marvel universe too.
Speaker B: I want to. I want to know what pain would do. Pain. If you're available, what would be the thing that you would pursue your time doing if money was no option? And you can't say producing this podcast.
Speaker C: Because money is no option.
Speaker B: Yeah, because money legitimately is not an option.
Speaker D: Oh, that's hilarious. You broke my rhythm in Mick, but that's okay.
Speaker B: I had a feeling. I was like, I wonder if he's.
Speaker D: But I'm here for the content. Um, if money was no option. Oh, man, I wish I could go back to 25.
Speaker B: I'd be.
Speaker D: I'd be hooping for sure, doing some kind of sport.
Speaker B: Ooh. Okay. That's a good one.
Speaker D: Yeah. Done it a lot of years in my life, and if I wasn't doing that, I would.
Speaker C: What kind of hooping you talk about, though? Like.
Speaker B: Like basket weaving? Like those hula hooping.
Speaker C: Actually making earrings. Um, no, but, I mean, you're. I don't know. I forget how old you are. Pain. But you're in your thirties, correct? Okay, what do you. What basketball you play? Are you just gonna, like, play pickleball at the. At the local, you know, university or college? Like, maybe you can't play professionally.
Speaker B: Yeah. Right. Like, this isn't, like, a hypothetical world, right?
Speaker C: Like, I'm going to clean up bones in the desert.
Speaker B: I mean, maybe. Maybe pain. Who knows? Maybe pain could get, like, a bench roll on a european team. We don't know.
Speaker C: Or maybe a coach. I mean, you could. You could lean into coaching.
Speaker D: I. If you had asked me one year ago, I would have said confidently that if I was, like, if I would have trained, I could play overseas still.
Speaker C: Still.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: Interesting.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: There are a lot of, like, people in their thirties that still play.
Speaker C: No, totally.
Speaker D: Yeah. You know, you're.
Speaker B: You.
Speaker C: I mean, I'm not. Yeah.
Speaker D: You were the canadian mamba.
Speaker C: I'm at an age where I was watching somebody on TikTok the other day, and he's like, I'm training to make it. I forget if he said, make it to the g league or something like that, but he's like, he's out of his mind, and he's like, but he was 31, and he looked like me, and I'm like, I'm too old even to be, like, Disney won't even be able to make a movie about. I'm too old to be in, like, a Disney movie about an old guy who makes it to the league. I'm too old for that, you know?
Speaker B: What do you mean? What do you mean? Tony Danza was the garbage picking, field goal kicking Philadelphia phenomenon. Anything is possible, but I feel he.
Speaker C: Was still younger than 41, maybe.
Speaker D: I do have a question for you all. Now that we're speaking about age, is. Is there a certain point where everything just seemed to. To fall apart? I feel like, 37. I feel like there was a certain age that everything was. Was cool, and then it just seems everything is not so chill.
Speaker B: I'll tell you when. When I started working from home, because now I have, like, tech neck and, like, fucking back issues because I sit all day. Brutal. Yeah. Or nerd neck, whichever you prefer.
Speaker C: I like tech neck. I think that's very good. Speaking for my self pain, I feel you just need to do things that are smart. Like, my number one concern is not to tear any of my knee ligaments. Like, no ACL tears, no mCL tears, no Achilles tears.
Speaker D: That's really what I'm worried about.
Speaker C: Mine would be fine, right? If I can prevent myself from doing things that will hurt my knees or my achilles, specifically. I think that. I think as soon as I got to about 33 that I started monitoring those type of activities, and then. But if you can just maintain that. I don't. I don't feel any different between 41 and 31.
Speaker D: I don't know if that's true. I play a lot of sand volleyball these days.
Speaker B: Oh, that's brutal, though, isn't it?
Speaker C: Like, I feel like that's where you need.
Speaker B: I don't know. We got it. Was Mark still here? No, Mark left. We could have definitely asked him about beach volleyball and the wear and tear from your knees. Hold on. We got some good. We got some good comments. Pain. You. You better go back to playing Mick to the moon, because Brendan posted a score up top, and it's fairly unbeatable in the next 20 minutes.
Speaker D: I feel like I just saw that, and I'm like, he just.
Speaker B: He just put the dagger in your heart, didn't he?
Speaker D: I'm so competitive. I want to try, but, I mean, I'm engaged right now in this show. I'm back.
Speaker B: I know. I'm sorry I did it to you. It's my fault. But in the meantime, we have some other good comments here. Cap says. So I've got two from Cap. Cap says that his irrational fear is blowing in Achilles.
Speaker D: Not irrational.
Speaker B: Yeah. I would say, based on this conversation.
Speaker C: I feel like my Achilles about to tear at any point. Like, I'll kind of move in a certain way. I'm, like, almost tore that in half.
Speaker B: Imagine being Achilles. Like, what do you think that was? Like?
Speaker C: Probably great, as long as nobody touched the back of your leg.
Speaker B: Well, I mean, that. Talked about talking about that. I mean, probably. I don't think about the roman empire that much.
Speaker C: So this is greek. I believe this is greek.
Speaker B: Sorry. Sorry. This is pre. I'm no bone collector, so.
Speaker C: Achilles mother. I forget who it is maybe Athena or something. When Achilles was a baby, dipped it in this holy or special oil and had to hold him by where his heel was. And so everything was protected except for where she was hanging onto him from. And that's why it's the Achilles tendon. The only place that he was vulnerable.
Speaker B: Look, they were still using essential oils back then, too.
Speaker C: They were, absolutely.
Speaker B: You know, so we've got. Cap's irrational fear is blowing an Achilles. Caps. Caps. Money. No option. Chase. The dream would be trying to become an NFL GM, which I feel like is a good one for Cap.
Speaker C: That's any age type of job.
Speaker B: It's definitely an any age type of job. It would be the, like, it would be a pretty hard hustle slash ladder to climb. But it's.
Speaker C: I guess if money was no object, though, couldn't you just buy the team and then just be an owner?
Speaker B: I suppose you could be owner GM. Yeah. So Cap could make his dream come true, like Gary Vee hopes to do. Then who does Gary V want?
Speaker C: The jets.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. That's like his. That's like his life mission is to be rich to buy. Be rich enough to buy the jets. And I love it. I actually think. I think he'll do it. I think at some point in his life, he will own the jets in the next 30 years before he retires.
Speaker C: Before Glenn Howerton or after Glenn Howard and wins an Oscar.
Speaker B: Probably. Yeah, probably because he's not a billionaire yet. He needs to be. I think he needs to be a billionaire.
Speaker C: Oh, you definitely need to be a billionaire.
Speaker B: Yeah. So. Especially to, like, own the majority. Be the majority, right? Yeah. So Ficero says he'd be scuba diving as many different tropical seas as possible and enjoying the sunshine. He'd also like running his fucked up community from the beach. T row.
Speaker C: What's t row saying?
Speaker B: Just the Gif. Gif he posted of you. Or he said, here's chamber wrecked and it's the. It's a Jeff Goldblum Jurassic park.
Speaker C: I'm looking at it now.
Speaker D: Did you see mayhem? The neverending travel. Did I miss that?
Speaker B: Never ending travel. That's a good one. Crocs said building a company that helps people take their ideas to finish products slash companies. Also a much better way for people to find and get their dream jobs. Yeah. I feel like web three needs that right now. A lot of ideas, not a lot of finished products. So maybe that's out there for you, Crocs. Who knows? Let's see. That's about. That's. That's it. If you got any more dream job comments, hit us with them. But anyway. All right, what else chamber?
Speaker C: I have no idea.
Speaker B: I got nothing. We got.
Speaker C: Turns out eth. ETF.
Speaker B: Oh, God. Yeah, that was the title of our show.
Speaker C: Title. I changed the title. It's now Elon Huss comedy and aging.
Speaker B: Look, this is what it is. You know, sometimes.
Speaker C: Sometimes you gotta adapt.
Speaker B: T rose says, I would guess the answer. The war room would say my job would be, is porn set fluffer. My own dream would be cabana boy at a resort with hot women who hate their husbands. T row. Like, that's also within reach. Now, you can do this. You can do this. It's called. What is sandals?
Speaker C: Yeah, sandals is exactly what it's called.
Speaker B: Sandals resort.
Speaker C: Fire island.
Speaker B: Yeah, there you go. Um, anyway, my mom goes to those.
Speaker C: Places all the time. She'd love you.
Speaker B: What if. What if your mom came back one day, one time from one of those places, and was like, oh, I met the nicest cabana boy. He just kept bringing me boxes of killibear cereal.
Speaker C: No, I I gotta watch what I say because my mom will occasionally go on a road trip and listen to.
Speaker B: All of our shows and, like, yeah.
Speaker C: She'Ll, like, listen to, like, five, six episodes. But I do have a suspicion about my mom.
Speaker B: Did you ever tell me what your mom said about me the last time she listened to all these?
Speaker C: She did say so. What did she say?
Speaker B: I don't know, but it really scared me.
Speaker C: It was. I think that you were, um. Maybe like, I think is exactly what we think. It's like you were more worried about, like, more worried about stuff than I was. Like, I'm more, uh, you know, easy come, easy go. And you were more like, you know, this is the end. We're all going to zero. So she hasn't been listening lately because I'm definitely that guy now, but I think it was something like that. I think it was. Yeah, that you were worried about the market long term.
Speaker B: She's like, wow, this guy sounds like he really doesn't want to do this.
Speaker C: Yeah, exactly. He must really like Chad.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, look, I think that is. That is the case, right? That is definitely the case. All right, Payne, you ready to fire up the magic Internet cat minute here?
Speaker D: I will be in about 30 seconds.
Speaker B: Okay, that's your 32nd warning, because we've got. We got a couple comments that are magic Internet cat related, so I'm saving those for the segment. Plus, I'll give the ten minute warning on the last bit of the contest here, I think it's pretty much over from here. I bet we can call it. But we're going to just give the update with a ten minute warning and then we'll announce the winner at 05:00 when we sign off. Payne, give it to us. It's the mike minute meow.
Speaker A: Talk about magic Internet cats.
Speaker B: It's so good. God, it's like, how can you not love the magic Internet cat minute?
Speaker D: I mean, I want to laugh every time at the meow.
Speaker B: So a couple, couple comments. We west side crypto, we are not giving away 1000 USD in magic Internet cat tokens. So that's number one. Let's start half the market cap. Exactly. That's like half the market cap. However, he does say, what's with the degenerate that locked 2% of the supply? Well, wouldn't you believe it, but the community takeover team, a bunch of us who hold a lot have been collecting and holding a bunch of the supply are going to be locking our tokens up in a Solana token locker and we're going to be doing that for, gosh, who knows, 30, 60, 90 days, I don't even know, six months. We don't care. We're just locking these tokens up where it is a signal that we ain't going anywhere. We're locking supply up to build some trust. We've had a lot of anxiety around people holding a bunch of supply. And what's more bullish than all of us locking it up and committing to the cause, I think west side crypto locked up 2% of the total supply. Wow. I'm going to lock up close to like ten, I think. Isn't that crazy?
Speaker C: Yeah, that was pretty crazy.
Speaker B: So I'm going to lock up like 10% of the supply. So we're going to lock up a whole bunch. So it's basically, that's basically as good as burning it in CTO land because you pay for your tokens, you know, so the. That is happening, which is cool. And we've got the game about to end in ten minutes for round one. So we've got a. Some magic Internet cat up for grabs currently. Brendan is just. He just posted a score that ran away with the whole thing. Pain. What do you have prior? Like 152?
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker D: And I'm. Thank goodness I didn't just barely beat that or I would have been. I'd been so upset.
Speaker B: Well, that's. You were pretty close. You were. So you were at 148. So Brendan now is in the lead with 190. That's insane 190. Could you. Do you think you got a shot at touching 190? Ever?
Speaker D: Ever? Oh, for sure. I think I could get to 200.
Speaker B: You think so?
Speaker D: Yeah, I'm a degenerate.
Speaker B: The next. The next bounty will. Will make it 200, because the first time, I paid von Fronten for being the first one to triple digits. So, next one we run, which I probably will just start next week. Uh, we'll do a bounty for 200. So, Brendan is in first, Payne in second and last. Last show, I set the third highest score with a 141. So I'll just be keeping those tokens to myself. Maybe I'll burn them. Should I just burn them?
Speaker C: No, just. You keep them.
Speaker B: Let's burn.
Speaker C: All right. Hey, they're yours to do with. With you. Well.
Speaker B: Well, unless somebody passes me, ZG has 117. With ten minutes to go, illuminary has 116 von front and 116 bit droid, 115. And that's all with ten minutes to go. And then you're. You're actually next there chamber with a 103. And those are the only. Those are the only triple digits.
Speaker C: I've only played, like, six times.
Speaker B: I think you got to get back in the ring, man. You could have won this thing, you know?
Speaker C: Yeah, I feel like I'm just gonna. It's just gonna suck up all my time, probably. I do get mad. I do get mad, too. Especially once you start to get into triple digits and you mess up.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: You know, that's not fun.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. Brendan saying that he would also burn his for winning or give them away. So, Brendan just playing for glory here as a yemenite.
Speaker D: And for the record, I will not be burning mine.
Speaker B: Payne's gonna market. Sell half the market. Yeah. All with his 25,000 tokens that he's winning. There you go. That's the. That's the magic Internet cat minute. Meow. Do you like that one? What else you want to talk about? You actually want to talk about the 8th ETF for ten minutes, or.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, totally.
Speaker B: I don't even know what the price is. What's the price?
Speaker C: Current price of Ethereum is 37.37.
Speaker B: Okay, so we got a little dip.
Speaker C: Little dip. We did hit resistance at about 39.
Speaker B: Basically 4k.
Speaker C: Yeah, 4k. Bounced off of that. BTC is up today. It bounced off of 69, is sitting or. Pardon me. Bounced off of 68. 67. Pardon me. And is currently sitting at around 69. I mean, everything's looking pretty healthy. I don't see anything like.
Speaker B: Yeah, like. Well, I mean, I'm not sure what people were expecting. You got two days before the ETF, you got the biggest candle in daily candle in Ethereum history. And then people were like, why isn't it moaning like, dude, it did and it will continue and it will continue. It's just not all going to be that violent that fast, right? Like, but when it happens, it's going to go quick. But I'm not sure what people could have been expecting. What were you expecting?
Speaker C: Honestly? Kind of that like four k I kind of saw as the local top for, for that, for Ethereum.
Speaker B: I was expecting it to do, I was expecting it to have that candle on the approval day. That's what I was expecting. Rather than two days before. You know what I mean?
Speaker C: I was expecting a pullback yesterday or today.
Speaker B: Well, right, because some people, probably the reason you got that candle two days before is because people were probably trying to run front run the announcement.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker B: The news and then it didn't happen. So then you're getting a little pullback for people that were just in it as a trade.
Speaker C: But I was expecting a more aggressive pullback right now, which we haven't seen yet. Like maybe like 3400 on Ethereum, but maybe we don't see that. And bitcoin looks super healthy. Like, I don't know, it looks really good. I could see some follow through, maybe possibly even a new all time high in the next coming weeks.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker C: I mean, we're not.
Speaker B: You were, you were saying after summer. So are you changing your tune or.
Speaker C: I mean, just based on what I'm seeing here, it looks super healthy. Like we had that pullback all the way down to 56.5. I mean, it just looks healthy. I mean, we're at 69k right now and to get new all time high, we just need to be at basic. Call it seventy four k. I mean, it's five k, but not that much percentage wise. Very, very achievable.
Speaker B: My indicators that I use to trade.
Speaker C: Yeah, what are you thinking?
Speaker B: They are just, they're very bullish on the daily, which is where you want to be.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: I could see a possible pullback to like 61 five possibly. That's as low as I would see it going at the current moment. I could see it touching 64 two as like a moving average touch on the daily. But like. Looks pretty good. Looks pretty good. I don't know.
Speaker C: Doesn't look bad. It does not look bad. So.
Speaker B: Doesn't look bad.
Speaker C: Will we see if we don't see a massive pullback but we see kind of a slow growth for these two? Do we see, I'm just excited to see, like, what the next altcoin season, meme coin season. I don't know what it's going to be, but whatever that next thing is, do we get. Do we get any air drops anytime soon? Because that could. That could be a catalyst for some shenanigans. So those are the types of things I'm kind of waiting to see.
Speaker B: Yeah. I'm just tired of the whole space, to be honest. So it means it's about to go because I am fatigued, which means that that's the bottom signal, right?
Speaker C: I hope so, because I'm also pretty fatigued.
Speaker B: So we have one more good comment here on the. On the dream job thing. Shovel says, good answer. Volunteering. Real answer. Professional golfer Steve. Answer, Ryan Seacrest. Great. Great one. That's a good one. Shovel. And then Payne says, better answer, Steve. Ben Shapiro.
Speaker C: Steve, honestly, I think there's a ton. Like, this is, like, a real. This is a real tip. There is so much money to be made on social media as a left wing answer to Ben Shapiro. Like, if you were just a meme of the opposite of Ben Shapiro online doing, like, little clips on, like, TikTok, I think the monetary value there would be through the roof.
Speaker B: Did anyone ever start a Ben Shapiro meme coin?
Speaker C: I would be so. I wouldn't be surprised if he started his own meme coin.
Speaker B: What would he call it? Like, wen Shapiro, like, Boone?
Speaker C: Did he have, like, the bun Shapiro thing?
Speaker B: This is out of my. Out of my element. I don't participate in this.
Speaker C: It was disgusted with the. The. What was that song? It was like, you know, wet ass. You know, he was disgusted with this song. And I believe.
Speaker B: Oh, okay.
Speaker C: He had never seen that before. I don't. The descriptions. He was.
Speaker B: What does that even mean? Yeah.
Speaker C: He's like, what are you talking about?
Speaker B: This doesn't happen. That's a good place to stop, I think.
Speaker C: I think so, too.
Speaker B: I'm calling. I'm calling the contest now. Payne, you better get your last run in if you haven't yet. Are you. Are you mid run pain?
Speaker D: No, there's no time.
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, well, this is why I was late for the show the other day, because, you know, you got four minutes left, and you're like, what's the best case scenario? I run to all time high, and then it's gonna take me three minutes, and that's exactly what happened to me.
Speaker D: So there really is the issue.
Speaker B: It is. It's. If you get a good run, it's gonna take you at least two minutes. Right. So then congratulations to Brendan with the winning score of the first magic Internet cat contest, 190. That's a high bar beating pain. In second place with a score of 148. My third play score of 141. And that's going to do it for us. What do you got planned? Is it a holiday for you this weekend?
Speaker C: No, we had our holiday weekend last weekend.
Speaker B: Oh. Did you do anything good? Is it a fireworks holiday for you?
Speaker C: It was a fireworks holiday.
Speaker B: How much did you spend on fireworks?
Speaker C: Your hoa wouldn't have been happy with.
Speaker B: No, that's definitely against the hoa.
Speaker C: They wouldn't have been happy with my neighborhood.
Speaker B: It wasn't. What is. How much did you spend on fireworks?
Speaker C: Sorry, I didn't. I didn't buy any. This for this holiday. I only go, I'm a candidate. I'm a Canada day purist. It comes to fireworks.
Speaker B: It's a great day for bay.
Speaker C: It sure is, but. Yeah, no, it's too much. It's too much. It was like Friday to Monday. Every night was fireworks at different houses and different areas of town.
Speaker B: I feel like Memorial Day is a big firework holiday around here, but I could be wrong. I don't know, dude. We had a crazy storm here yesterday and it was like a tornado touchdown. There are really. Yeah, there are trees down all over my neighborhood. It's crazy. But anyway, power was out. All kinds of good stuff, but that's going to do it for us, I think. Should we. Should we do a show Tuesday?
Speaker C: We'll see. We'll see.
Speaker B: Maybe. I think we need a rebrand.
Speaker C: You know what? I'll spin one up over the weekend.
Speaker B: I'm kind of serious, though. Maybe you should we start a second podcast that's more like targeted to an actual audience instead of just, you know.
Speaker C: No, I think I feel we're niche.
Speaker B: But what is the niche?
Speaker C: It's. It's millennial dad Corps core.
Speaker B: Okay, fine. Elon Musk. Elon Husk, by the way. Go throw that on pump dot fun. That's definitely going to be a thing. Put an elon face on a corn husk and call him Elon. Put like, you know, this really nice, clean lawn in the background. Elon Husk is going to go off on pump dot fun later. If somebody listens to this and does it, just dm it to me and I will buy some because it's clearly the meme of the weekend.
Speaker C: I.
Speaker B: How has no one thought of that before?
Speaker C: I don't know. Some people aren't, you know, gifted with.
Speaker B: Your, you know, the last top or the last thing I'll say today. I was talking to my parents earlier today and I'm going through some, I don't know how to say it, career things. There are some career things going on in my life and I've been kind of, you know, stressing about it. And I was talking to them today and blah, blah, blah, and I basically said, yeah, I'm living my midlife crisis. I'm basically going through midlife crisis of existential, you know, dread and doesn't go.
Speaker C: Away, by the way.
Speaker B: Well, they. Their response was, they basically laughed at me.
Speaker C: Yeah, all right.
Speaker B: I like this. Basically laughed at me on the phone. On speakerphone. Yeah, right. Exactly. And they were like, oh, you think you're old, it's so cute. Blah, blah, blah. And so apparently we are not in our yet in our mid life crisis. But I mean, maybe you are. You're a couple years older than me, but according to my parents, I'm still a young buck.
Speaker C: You are. You are. You have the youth of the thirties.
Speaker B: Youth of the thirties. We didn't let anybody up on stage today. Sorry for that.
Speaker C: Brendan was there.
Speaker B: Stop it. Sorry. Brendan and Tiro, T row did ask if we were going to consensus, so chamber. I'll let you insert the laugh track there. You can't get chamber to a conference unless. I don't even think you'd go to a bone collector conference, would you?
Speaker C: That sound like a vibrator.
Speaker B: What?
Speaker C: That's not like a vibrator to you?
Speaker B: I don't know what you're talking about. I pressed the same.
Speaker C: I pressed the laugh button.
Speaker B: Oh, I didn't even hear it. Oh, weird.
Speaker C: It just sounded like a vibrator with.
Speaker B: Well, there you go. Nobody but t row did dm me and ask if we're going to consensus. I am not going to consensus or you're not going to consensus.
Speaker C: Oh, the consensus is I'm not going to consensus.
Speaker B: Yeah, but there's a bunch of people that are. And I heard that there's going to be a karate combat reverse. Is cap and Tiro somewhere on the main floor of consensus. So if anyone from dj network happens to be in the area, just make sure you video that for the timeline.
Speaker C: That'd be great.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's going to do it for us. Until next time, keep the mic hot.
Speaker A: What have I done? What have I become? I can't describe this. This is my mid mic crisis.
