Speaker A: That's right. That's right.
Speaker B: I don't understand.
Speaker A: When nudes, I guess it is what it sounds, man.
Speaker B: Just a bunch of naked chicks and dudes.
Speaker A: That's right, man.
Speaker B: Oh, it's my heaven.
Speaker A: It's my job.
Speaker B: All right, well, Bunch isn't here, so we're gonna start the show.
Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by the DGEn community network media for the decentralized generation. If you want to connect or to check out more great NFT and crypto content, go to dgen.net work. That's dgen.net work.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. Nobody's here to start the show. Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am your temporary host for like, honestly, probably like five minutes. Bunch is just on a call. I'm here with really the person that supports the show the most. Des, how are you doing today, man?
Speaker A: Oh, man, I love these just dynamic duo days where it's just me and you holding down the fort.
Speaker B: We call these the primo shows. We should. We should put these on like patreon so people have to pay to hear this goal.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker B: So you've been busy lately. Obviously, you had, you got a lot on your plate lately, but I don't know how much you want to talk about or you've been working on some projects.
Speaker A: Yeah, man, it's busy. Yeah, it's been busy. Nft wise, work wise, personalized. It's all. It's all been busy. But, you know, it's good. I'd rather be busy than not.
Speaker B: Did you happen to hear what happened to bunch at the dentist the other day on our last show?
Speaker A: Something about a root canal or something. Then he wasn't able to be on.
Speaker B: Like, more so about the dentist himself was quite the character.
Speaker A: Oh, boy.
Speaker B: I highly recommend just go back and listen to that 1st 1520 minutes of that last episode is. It's pretty, pretty entertaining.
Speaker A: Amazing.
Speaker B: So when, uh, when am I gonna mint? I have. I have the most, uh, rare kobe goat. When am I gonna have the most rare naked person?
Speaker C: Oh, nice.
Speaker A: Yes, fairly soon, you know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Fairly soon. We're working through the creation phase and, you know, getting to customize and, and all that stuff.
Speaker B: What's the name of the project again? I forgot.
Speaker A: It's human park.
Speaker B: Human park, yes.
Speaker A: Which is oddly provocative. It's very much like the Will Ferrell Kanye west bit in blades of glory, you know? You know, it's provocative. It gets the people going.
Speaker C: I love it.
Speaker A: No one knows what it means, but I'm into it. Yeah.
Speaker B: So I'm titillated, if you will.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. That's what we all strive to be, so. No, it's cool. It's very similar to goats in a sense, in which you do get to kind of customize your NFT, and I don't think that's very common in this space. Still. So happy to be a part of a project that is doing that as well.
Speaker B: That's cool. Have you been minting anything? Are you making money or.
Speaker A: You know what?
Speaker B: I did big bull moves.
Speaker A: I have not. I've just been head down and super busy lately. Like, I had to get filled in on all the board apes news.
Speaker B: Crazy.
Speaker A: That's like how out of the loop I've been on some of that stuff.
Speaker B: That's pretty, you know, top of the, you know, first cover of the news, first page of the newspaper type stuff. That was, that was big news. And even that you need. Yeah, I mean, that's. What are your thoughts on it overall? Pro?
Speaker A: I don't know what it's such, it's such a crazy, I don't know, it's just such a crazy thought. Like just the amount of money that they'll be raising. And the crazier part is they're probably gonna do it right. That's, that's what's so crazy is it's in a ridiculous number, like 420 some million, but they're probably gonna do it.
Speaker B: Sorry, accidental.
Speaker A: Just wanted to start the show. Let's restart. Let's restart the show. So, yeah, I think it's super interesting land. I don't think a lot of people knew or were thinking about bac voice doing land stuff. So I think it's very interesting. I'm curious how, you know, sandbox reaction is just because everyone's been putting a lot of, you know, hope and faith in their sandbox plot. Now they got their own land. Very interesting dynamics there. You know, in general, I think the token is going to be, is going to be pretty big, but I just. It's been, everything's with bored apes has been so hyped up that, you know, can it meet that, that expectation? Totally. So that's. That's where we'll have to see. But, yeah, it's just crazy. Hundred thousand land plots. Nuts.
Speaker B: I'm, uh, I just love the approach that larva labs took on this one. I'm like, they put out, they put out. What have they done, really? Like, over the course of the last year and a half, two years, not that much. They put out, you know, punks, like two years ago, basically.
Speaker A: Way more than that. For. For that long.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker A: It's crazy.
Speaker B: That's great. Yeah. So. So four years ago, they put out punks and then me bits.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And that's it.
Speaker A: And they haven't really. They haven't done anything.
Speaker B: No, it's. I'm saying, yeah. They just sold for, you know, however much I forgot what it was. 400 and something with crazy amount of money. Yeah. So I don't know. I think. I think that was an amazing move. I wish I was like, larva labs is sitting pretty, like, good on, you know, good on you go. Or is it yuga labs? Yeah, everything's labs good on for that, you know, for taking on, you know, that. That size of a project. But, man, I'd much rather be. I'd much rather be larva labs at this point. Oh, what's that? Ken?
Speaker A: He's just got to turn on the lights. It's no big deal.
Speaker C: No, there ain't no lights coming out today. No lights coming on.
Speaker B: I told Destin, go back and listen to last episodes for 15 or 20 minutes.
Speaker A: This is where we really could use those clone x avatars. Like, it could come on, you know, streamyard. I think this would be a perfect example. When you get some dental work done and you don't want to show your face, you just throw up your clone x avatar on there and it'll talk for you.
Speaker C: That. That would be fantastic. What are we talking about at this, at this moment?
Speaker B: Well, I've seen if that, you know, we're talking about human park and.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah. I was so excited to ask you about this. I try. I started creating my nude today and all types of tattoos on it, and it was fantastic. So are we. Are we just at the point now where it's just creating your nude?
Speaker A: Yes. Yeah, just creating your NFT. And then at a later date to be announced, there'll be airdrop to your wallet and, you know, then we can start kicking off some things and. Yeah.
Speaker C: So right now, so you can go in and create and edit your avatar there for. Do you have to save it at a certain time? And then it's, like, set at that point and then.
Speaker A: Yes, yes. You can lock. They call it lock. You can lock your nude whenever starting yesterday. And as soon as you lock it, like, that's the NFT, you'll be airdropped. So locking is a big deal.
Speaker C: Yeah. What kind of timeframe am I looking at so I don't lock it? Cause I wanna put some detail into this.
Speaker A: You have until the 20th right now.
Speaker C: Oh, crap. That's not enough time. It's not a ton? No, I need chamber. Have you tried to do this yet?
Speaker B: I didn't even know what the name of the project was until about two minutes ago. All I knew that it was naked people. That's about as much as I got.
Speaker A: That's all he needs to know. That's all.
Speaker B: I'm in though. I'm in for ten eth.
Speaker C: Or aren't they free?
Speaker B: No, no, that's told me I should pay him directly.
Speaker A: I'll catch you in two.
Speaker C: I'll catch you in two. Sorry. Yes, 15 e.
Speaker B: No, that's a ten. That's a ton for like, a friend, friends and family discount.
Speaker A: That's what I said.
Speaker C: Yeah. Perfect. Well, Des, congratulations on the initial launch here. It's really cool. If you have not checked it out yet, it is resource intensive, so make sure that you, you have a good, a good computer, video card, whatever. But like, if you have a gaming computer, you could put use it, no problem. But the, the whole experience was super cool. You entered and you, you got to, you know, create your guy. I have, like, I only have six days or four days. I have four days to lose, like 40 pounds because I tried to make my guy as realistic as I could to me, and I ended up with the fat one. But the music experience is cool. There's so many details. I do have one question for you.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: The faces. So everything is tattoo. So I make my face with a tattoo.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: It's been pretty interesting to see what people have made. Like, you know, there are some tattoos that are actual face kind of characteristics, but I think one of the best ones I saw yesterday or so was like, someone made the Greendale community call it, like, from community.
Speaker C: Oh, yes.
Speaker A: Human. And just put like two little dots as tattoos, as their eyes. And I was dying.
Speaker C: Amazing. That's amazing. Yeah, super cool. This is, it's been a fun experience so far. I've messed around with it for probably about an hour today.
Speaker A: It feels different. It feels more like a game than an NFT project, so. And I think that, you know, that's what they're going for.
Speaker C: So what kind of alpha can you give us on, like, what the next phase might look, what happens after the 20th?
Speaker A: So, I mean, 100%, the next thing is airdropping those nfts to you and then opening up different utility of what you can do with them until the full game release. Yeah.
Speaker C: Very cool. Interesting chamber. Let's compare nudes.
Speaker B: I know. Well, yours is gonna be much bigger than mine.
Speaker C: Next week. On next week's show. On next week's show, we have to show our nudes on screen. So, people.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm in. I've made some notes here.
Speaker C: Okay, des, did you. Have you made a full one yet? Or, like, I don't want you cheating. Like, you've got, like, this artist that's a created your nude for you.
Speaker A: I should do that. I should do that. No, I have not created mine yet. Throughout the testing and everything, I've created a couple different ones, but the one that I will actually have, I have not created.
Speaker C: Very nicely done. Getting your goats logo in there as a tattoo.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, there's actually quite a few.
Speaker C: I saw Dino monks in there for Roman. I saw the Illuminati logo. I don't remember what else I saw.
Speaker A: From a project standpoint, but there's some pretty. Yeah, there's some pretty amazing partnerships. Being close to it and obviously the founder of Goats, like, that was part of my decision to move over there as well. And, yeah, once we open up the actual game itself, there's some pretty cool things that we're going to be able to do as the ghost community and, yeah, even some, I will say some mucho, mucho largo partnerships that are on the brink.
Speaker C: So very interesting.
Speaker D: Yeah, very interesting.
Speaker C: You and I maybe need to talk offline for some stuff then. Yeah. So that's awesome. So we missed you yesterday. I asked chamber the typical question. How are you feeling about the market? So I'm asking you before we have our guests here, how are you feeling about the current state of affairs?
Speaker A: You know, it's just. It's. It's, um. For once, I don't really have a beat on it. It really could go either way, and it could go hard either way, in my opinion. We just seem to kind of be teetering. I think tax season's a weird time for everyone as well. Like, people hold on to their coins a little bit more. Just they don't know the tax implications coming up in the next month. Obviously, world economy wise, it's very weird right now with everything going on.
Speaker B: I just got my tax bill.
Speaker A: There seems to be, like, a lull of major projects releasing. So that's kind of interesting. We haven't had that for quite a while. We don't have, like, a clone x on the precipice or even, like, one of the super hyped up ones, like, you know, invisible friends or anything like that people are waiting for. So it's very interesting. I bought a couple of these things. Chamber was asking what I minted recently. I haven't minted much, but one thing I bought a little while ago, which I guess I should have bought 100 of them, is these damn dower dar souls.
Speaker C: Yeah, I minted a bunch of those. Not nearly as much as I should have.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: I minted six and bought two off secondary. And I was telling Chamber yesterday, I. The one I bought out, one of the ones I bought off secondary, I sniped for .8 on reveal. It was rank number 85.
Speaker B: Was that the heart one?
Speaker C: Yeah. And I sold it. I sold it for four and a half, which was a nice little.
Speaker A: So crazy. I snagged one for pre reveal, like, literally seconds before they revealed, and it was 0.2. And someone just offered me four and a half for it yesterday.
Speaker C: Wow. Awesome.
Speaker B: It's really good.
Speaker A: It doesn't even look rare, which is just the funniest thing. It's just like a painted bucket hat, which I guess is one of the more rare traits.
Speaker B: That's what I sold. That was the last one I sold. Yeah. I think everybody made money on that one.
Speaker C: Yeah. And it's still are, it's still going. And are you, is there anything on your radar, like, coming up for upcoming drops of.
Speaker A: Honestly, no. I need to eventually get back into it, but, man, been building so much with goats and we got staking releasing in nine days and so, yeah, goats.
Speaker C: Is becoming a sleeping giant over there. You've got.
Speaker B: How much was the stake? And when I keep burning them all the time. What the hell, man?
Speaker A: No, it's, there's. We got a lot of stuff going on and honestly, the another thing that I'm super excited about is like, nft worlds. I know we talked about that a little while ago, but, like, their system's pretty cool and we're, we're hiring out a dev firm to build us like a p two e game within Nft worlds.
Speaker C: Oh, cool.
Speaker A: It's pretty sweet. Yeah, I'm really bullish on that platform.
Speaker C: That's awesome. I have not gotten into that very much because it is very expensive for me now. But the. I will say, I will say we are experiencing a little bit of an ETH pump today and we are currently at 27 62 chamber. I don't know about you, but the four baby, 4 hours looking mega bullish on e. Super bullish. Yeah. And I'm, I don't know if. I don't know how I feel about that at this point for nfts because, you know, the the narrative was price goes down, nfts go up. And I don't know if we saw that. I think we're just so. I don't know if this means we're going to stay where we are or if we're in deep trouble.
Speaker B: I think short term, like, I noticed it today. I was checking, like, just Nft pricing, like, for the ones that I had, and I noticed the, the floor had gone down a little bit, but pretty much the same percentage across the board. And I'm like, eth must be up. So I checked ETH and sure enough, it was up. You know, it was like $2,700 or something like that. I'm like, okay, that makes sense. So I think in the short term, you know, the first couple of days. But what's it like if. I mean, if ETH pumps continuously dollar 200 every day for the next two weeks, we're not going to see much traffic or much traction in nfts. But if it pumps and then holds, pumps a little bit, holds again, you know, for. For say, a week between pumps or even three, four days, that that might not necessarily be too bad for nfts.
Speaker C: Yeah, the hard.
Speaker B: The harder the pump, the worse.
Speaker C: It's going to be interesting. Yeah, it'll be interesting to see what we're, we're doing here, but, like, I don't know, this chart's looking pretty bullish to me, so we'll see. Yeah, it's, uh. We might be in for a little run to three k maybe. Who knows? Um.
Speaker B: Yeah, totally.
Speaker C: Let's see what happens.
Speaker B: And coming into q two, baby.
Speaker C: Coming into q two. That's right. That's right. Uh, Des, is this your first, like, full year cycle that you've, you're watching? Because, uh, typically, this is, this is not a strange thing for it to happen to us in q one. Uh, you know what?
Speaker B: It's.
Speaker A: I mean, obviously, watching it this close, it's my first full year cycle, um, back in 2017, and a little bit in between, of course, I was keeping track of it, but this is like, obviously something. It's the first time I've ever watched it week to week, you know?
Speaker C: Mm hmm. Yeah, it's interesting. We'll see. We'll see what happens. But did we talk about who we, the guests we are having on today yet?
Speaker A: We.
Speaker B: We did not.
Speaker C: Okay, awesome. So in a couple minutes here, as soon as they jump into our stream, we will be talking to fractal, the gentleman from fractal. So fractal is launching, I believe, tomorrow. Yeah, they are a new fractionalization platform, and what I think is really interesting about they will have a native token, and I believe they're doing a token drop in relation to your opensea activity. So everyone loves those. Free money meta season. Let's go.
Speaker A: Now, I've never, I've never, to this day, never done any one of these correctly. I've always either sold too early or didn't sell, like, literally the exact opposite of what you should do per these free airdrops. So, you know, see what I do and do the opposite.
Speaker B: Maybe you're do, maybe you're due. Maybe you're due for the right. The right move.
Speaker C: So what is the typical strategy you have for these?
Speaker A: I don't know. I'm just guessing, and I've guessed wrong every single time.
Speaker B: Literally.
Speaker A: Literally sold. I had a whole bunch of looks sold. Looks obviously should have kept those. I kept, like, gas. Gas tanks. What was the last one? Gosh, what was that last one?
Speaker B: I don't remember.
Speaker A: I just. Every single time, I guess. And you know, what the problem is, and what today is useful for is I've never really taken the time to look into what's backing, what's behind these things. Now that we get to sit down with fractional, maybe I'll get to understand and figure out why I'm holding.
Speaker C: And there you go. That's interesting. That's a really great point. So they should be joining us any second here, but I give it.
Speaker B: Can I give you a quick shout out, though? Punch me.
Speaker C: You.
Speaker B: Yeah. You changed my life.
Speaker C: Oh, God.
Speaker B: We. We play. I don't know. Do you? I don't know if you guys do it every day. My wife and I will sit down. We do wordle. Yeah, do. Do the wordle of the day. And I'm on a. I don't know. We haven't missed. We're undefeated.
Speaker C: I missed my first wordle yesterday. I think it was because I have a brain injury, but that's true.
Speaker B: And today was a good one. A lot of people are complaining about today's wordle. I got mine in two because I'm.
Speaker A: We got it in three. We got.
Speaker B: Nice. It's a good day. Three is a good day.
Speaker C: So I got four on my first guest, four out of five letters. On my second guess, I had four out of five in the correct. I saw your tweet, and then it took me until six to actually, how many other words?
Speaker B: I was trying to figure out way words.
Speaker C: Way too many words. Like water. Like I did hater water. I can't remember the other ones. I did, but that gets me to four guesses. Then I did one more and it was wrong. And then I finally got.
Speaker B: I love it. No, so. So you. But you had mentioned so yesterday, you're like, you should try this out. And it's called hurdle.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker B: And does. I know if you're familiar with this one, but I thought you guys put.
Speaker A: A typo in our chat. That's why I was like, super.
Speaker B: No. Hurdle is little clips. So as opposed to guessing the letters, you get a little, maybe one and a half second clip. Clip of a song.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: And you have to try and guess the song.
Speaker A: Love that. That's awesome.
Speaker B: It was. It's amazing. So yesterday's was really easy for me. Today's, though.
Speaker C: Oh, boy.
Speaker B: Was like. So you can't put in, like, you can guess words, but you can just kind of skip to go to the next one, because, like, sometimes you let. You're like, I have no idea what this is. So today's was very difficult, but as soon as I think I skipped three, and then as soon as I heard I the actual song, I got it immediately. But there's a lot of dead air. But if you're familiar with the song, you kind of know what it was. So I was kicking myself for not getting it quicker today, but what a fanta. Ten times better than Werno.
Speaker C: I have not finished the one today, but I'm at the spot where I need to guess.
Speaker B: Bring it up. Bring it up. We'll do it. Let's see if.
Speaker C: Hold on. Wait. A shovel. NFTs says quirtle. Quirtle. If chamber you want a challenge, do some quirtle. Quirtle is four games of wordle happening simultaneously in a box. And you have to guess all four in all four words in nine guesses, I think it is. And, yeah, it's tough. I fail a pretty good amount of time on Cortle because I'm always like, one guess away from finishing.
Speaker B: I'm only looking to succeed. I don't want anything.
Speaker C: Come on, you gotta. You gotta.
Speaker B: I'll give it a shot, but I'm gonna be embarrassed.
Speaker C: Yeah, Cordel is pretty good. I don't know. Do you have. Do you have hurdle up? Can we do it?
Speaker B: I finished mine today.
Speaker C: Let's see. Hold on. Well, now we're in. Now we're in waiting territory. So.
Speaker B: What'S JP say? JP says I may be the only person left not playing wordle. It's because you don't know how to spell.
Speaker C: Well, what's funny is, you know, I was a. I was a anti wordle person for a very long time, and my friends were doing it, and I was like, this is stupid. I started seeing it on Twitter. This is stupid. And then my mom started doing it in our group chat, like our family group chat, and was posting it every day, and that's what finally guilted me. Like, she wanted to do it as, like, a family thing and, you know, compete against each other. And that was what I love, how.
Speaker B: You guys have a family chat.
Speaker C: Yeah, it is.
Speaker B: You guys are so close, like, my family.
Speaker C: You have a family chat, too, but it's just, you obscenities at your sister's.
Speaker B: They have a family chat. I'm just not in it.
Speaker C: Yeah, right. I'm sorry to break it to you. You guys have a family chat, too.
Speaker B: I think you guys are in my family chat.
Speaker C: Yeah, your family chat is our. Is our TMC telegram chat.
Speaker B: But I'm really thinking they may have a family chat that I don't know about.
Speaker C: Well, that now you got to find out. You got to.
Speaker B: How come I have a family chat?
Speaker C: Yeah, you should. You should try to confuse them by starting one and then see who. Who messes up and sends a message to the old one, you know, like, oops, sorry, wrong chat.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, that's funny.
Speaker C: While we're. While we're waiting here, I do want to hear a little more about what's going on with goats. So, like, give us your. Give us the absolute latest. We hear a lot about goats on coffee with captain every morning with Hunter. But, like, I don't really pay attention to Punter, because I hear you. Because I hear the same thing every morning. It's basically, if you turn into coffee with captain, it's ten minutes of punter, it's 30 minutes of Steve talking about OCM and then progressive, and then, like. Yeah, and then, like, one topic of the day. I'm just kidding. Punter, I love you. You're not even here to defend yourself. Steve, I see him.
Speaker A: I need to figure out why goats is getting ten minutes and OCM's getting 30. Man, we got to step our game up.
Speaker C: It's only because you can't get a word in once Steve starts talking.
Speaker A: That's all I'm telling you. Punter and Steve, head to head is a pretty great battle.
Speaker C: And then you throw Drew in there, and just for the anti whatever their.
Speaker B: Opinion is, drew's my favorite part of that show for sure.
Speaker C: My favorite was the other day. There was somebody, Punter was talking and you know, he was talking about like your march madness bracket or whatever.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: And some jerk like jumped in and just started like tearing punter up. And he was like the villain of the spade, this guy. His name was Jimmy. Oh, I heard him.
Speaker B: I didn't, I didn't.
Speaker C: Listen to me.
Speaker B: I heard the next day's episode where they were talking about that this guy.
Speaker C: Was like the villain of the spaces. It was pretty, it was pretty funny. But anyway, goodness. So give us, give us the full latest.
Speaker A: What was he tearing punter up about?
Speaker C: And Punter said, it was so minute. He was like, yeah, you know, as a community, we want to do something fun. We're kind of in a soft market, so we're going to do this fun march madness thing. And the guy was like, soft market? Do you even know what you're talking about? Who says we're in a soft market? Do you even know the definition? And then it was just like, it was just a battle. Yeah. And like that was it. It was just this little tiny subtle thing and that was. That was it.
Speaker A: Man triggering. Oh my goodness.
Speaker C: Super triggering.
Speaker A: So, yeah, no, we have, we have so much going on. We were talking earlier, so we have staking module and claiming for our token, our game native token g milk in about nine days. And so everything's kind of focused on that in the background. We have, we're working with NFT worlds and hired one of their kind of verified developers to help us build a few different game modules, p two e game modules within NFT worlds. It's a really cool platform. It's amazing what we're able to do. All the stuff that we would want to do in sandbox, like rewarding and nft gating and things like that. You're able to do in NFT worlds right now, which is really cool. So we're focused on that. We have a bunch of planning going on for NFT NYC. So there's a lot.
Speaker C: What are you doing for NFt NYC?
Speaker A: I can't share the details quite yet.
Speaker C: Are we doing like a big goatsville event or are we doing like bigger than the meetup last time?
Speaker A: Yes, we're actually gonna be partnering. So.
Speaker C: Yeah, you don't have to tell us who, but that's.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, so, no, it'll be, it'll be substantially bigger than last time.
Speaker C: It's an actual petting zoo and you're bringing in, you're bringing an actual goat.
Speaker A: We're gonna bring in 150 goats into downtown Manhattan and just let them loosen it. We're gonna get to dressed on them.
Speaker C: And you get to dress the goats how you want. They're going to just be like pile of clothes and you're going to get to come up and dress your goat.
Speaker A: Yeah. And at the end of the day, we're going to have like a shawarma truck at the end where they just all go get grilled and burned and forged and, and then we can have some nice grilled goat meat at the.
Speaker C: End of the day. That's fantastic. Yes, we, so we do have our, we do have our guests arriving. So we have, we have burn pile coming onto the stage here. Burn pile from fractal. Burn pile. How you doing, man?
Speaker D: I'm doing good, guys. Sorry I'm late. My Internet just like went out there for a second.
Speaker C: That's all right. That happened to me yesterday right in the middle of an interview. So I feel your pain. So. But yeah, thanks for joining us. I'm excited, excited to talk fractal. So why don't you start with, while I bring the website up here, why don't you just start with what fractal is?
Speaker D: Yeah, so fractal is a fractional NFT protocol. We're launching a marketplace. The protocol and marketplace is governed by a DAO represented by our native token frac. So kind of the way that works is fractional nfts are bought and sold on the marketplace and there's a fee there, right, just like uniswap or whatever. And if you stake frac, you earn eth. And if you're earning EtH and staking frac, then you can also vote in the DAO and vote to change the marketplace fees, vote to fund different proposals. And so one really good way to describe it to kind of like TLDR everything that I just said is it's kind of like fractional art, except it's got like a looksrare tokenomics. So this is like the looksrare version of fractional. If fractional was like Opensea. And, you know, I kind of actually hate to say that because it's just like comparing us to somebody else, but I.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker D: I feel like it's a good way to gauge projects is, you know, like by looking around at what else is out there.
Speaker B: Well, you're just speaking about something that people are familiar with. Right. I think it makes it a little bit easier to comprehend.
Speaker C: Yeah. So this is super interesting. One of the things that I liked about this when I first talked to you about what you were doing here was when you're actually, so just for, just for clarity, so people could come on here and there's basically two mechanisms that they could use to fractionalize work, right? So it correct me if I'm wrong, somebody can actually come on and mint something directly to fractal or on the marketplace as well as import something to an existing NFT. So for example, a bored ape, so you could either say you were x copy and he wanted to put a hundred, you know, do his next drop via fractionalizing one of his pieces. You could do that. Or say you're, say you're des and you have 50 board apes and you want to fractionalize one of them to get some liquidity, you could do both of those things, correct?
Speaker D: Yeah, exactly. Just like if you were going to list on opensea, you can just fractionalize it first and then you can list as many of the fractions as you wish or as few as you wish. So it fractionalizes all these nfts into 10,000 pieces.
Speaker C: You get to actually choose how many pieces or is it always 10,000?
Speaker D: It's always 10,000.
Speaker C: Okay, cool. So for example, a board ape, you know, you would, and now, now do you set the price on these as well? Or are you, are they, you know, kind of then available on the open market or how does that work?
Speaker D: Yeah, so you can set the price and if someone else buys from you, they can also set a price. So we're working on, we're actually just like taking some last minute looks at our UI as it's live right now, but not open because, right, because we're dropping here in like less than a, less than, let's like 12 hours or something like that. But, or 18 maybe. Yeah, but anyways, we're looking at this right now, but it's just to make sure it all looks good. But, yeah, so like say you list, say you've got your 10,000 fractions of your ape, you want to list, you get one list. So you can list any number for any price and all your fractions will be, will be listed for the same price. So you can list one batch of a thousand fractions for 0.01 apiece and then that's obviously way under price for like an eight fraction. But I'm just keeping it round for the example. Somebody else could buy all those 1000 fractions from you. So that'd be what? Like one ETH for the 1000 or something like that? Ten eth maybe. And then they, they undercut you or something. Or they could list higher. It's the same NFT, but yeah, you'll see like different listings at different prices and it just turns into like a really free market, like really quickly.
Speaker B: So, so do I have to, so I take my April say, or I take my, you know, clone x and I create, I create it, it breaks it into 10,000 fractions. And do I have to list all 10,000? Or like, can I just do like you were saying, like a batch of a thousand and keep the other, the other 9000 for myself?
Speaker D: Exactly, yeah, you can do exactly what you just said. You could list as few as one or all 10,000. Yep, yep.
Speaker B: Okay, cool. That's interesting.
Speaker A: I want to know about the payout and the selling mechanism of how all works.
Speaker D: Yeah. So the selling mechanism would be. It's pretty much once you start, once these fractions start flying around, it's going to be nearly impossible for somebody to go and actually buy them all back up off the free market. Right. If you were to do so, say you reassembled all 10,000 fractions. It's just basically like a very easy swap. Like if you've got all 10,000 in your wallet, you take it, you can redeem the full, the whole NFT. What's really much more likely to happen, I think what you're asking about is like the, the buyout. And so the buyout is like, you three own an NFT that's, you know, you all own between the two, the three of you, the 10,000 fractions. So I bring an offer to the table and I just say, like I'm going to offer ten eth on all these fractions or, you know, for the total NFT. And then every fraction holder, it takes a few days. It's like a five day process there. The fraction holders are given an opportunity to vote yes or no. If 80% of the fraction holders agree to sell the NFT, then the NFT will be sold and everyone will just get their payout automatically.
Speaker C: Okay, so that's super interesting. It's very similar to like des have you. That explanation makes me think of things like collectible or rally road that we've seen, you know, kind of with IRL assets like, you know, sports cards or I, you know, muscle cars and things like that, where, you know, somebody comes in and does they sell a fraction or all of their asset? Right. So say maybe somebody has, you know, the Michael Jordan rookie card, PSA ten, that goes for like 250 grand. They don't want to lose the asset, but they want some liquidity. So they decide to sell half of it in fractionalized shares of the community comes in and buys. There's an open market to buy, sell and trade them. And then if, say, Chamber wails out and he wants this Michael Jordan rookie card because he loves Michael Jordan and he is such a burn. He loves Michael Jordan so much and he comes and says, all right, I'll give you 350,000 for the Michael Jordan card. Then the buyout offer goes to the community and it has to pass by, in this case, 80% majority. And then that would be. Everybody would make their money on that. Did I, did I summarize that correctly?
Speaker D: Burn pile, correct? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker C: So that's super interesting. So it's basically like rally road almost for nfts. And the other thing I think is cool here, Des, is that, you know, we've seen with like fractional dot art and things like that, when you fractionalize, they basically create you an ERC 20 token. And that's not what happens here. You're actually getting created in an NFT. Is that. That's correct.
Speaker D: That's correct.
Speaker A: Oh, very cool.
Speaker C: Yeah. So I like that a lot better than an ERC 20 token, personally, because I think one of the problems that we see when we have, like, you know, these daosh, like, let's say ape dow, for example, right? And you've got this underlying asset value of their treasury and it's going crazy up in price, but nobody's trading the ERC 20 token, and the price of the token doesn't follow the price of the asset. Right. And so it's also, it's hard for you to get in that situation, liquidity for what the value of the treasury is worth. Where in this case, say, I had one of those NFTs that represented the fraction, I could go calculate what's in the treasury at that exact value. At that moment, I want out and list my NFT for that price and somebody can come and buy in for that. And so I think there's a lot better options for a Dow member or something like that to have liquidity in that sense. Was that what the thought process was there? Burn pile? Because I see that huge opportunity there.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah, you're totally nailing it. And by the way, it's like such a pleasure to hear somebody that just kind of like, gets it. You know, he is one of the.
Speaker B: Great minds of the NFT space.
Speaker D: He is.
Speaker C: But, I mean, I don't know. I. Des, do you think that is a better option than an ERC 20.
Speaker A: It sounds better. Yeah. For usability standpoint and liquidity standpoint, it sounds. Sounds like the way to go. I'm curious. I know I'm getting on the nitty gritty of this, but, you know, as, you know, a person who's trying to fractionalize different things for friends and family and stuff like that, what happens to a non, like, is it 80% of the vote collected or is it 80% of the total owned shares? Because, let's be real, a lot of people are lazy in this space. Even in five days, they're not going to go in and vote. So I guess is it 80% of the vote or 80% of the outstanding shares?
Speaker D: It's the shares.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: 80% of the shares would have to actively cast their vote in favor of a sale.
Speaker B: So if I had 60% and only the additional 18% voted, what that happens?
Speaker D: Nothing, I guess. Nothing? Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: So that's a real, like, if you're, if you're the guy that's coming to the table with your board ape and that's what you're trying to do is like, get some liquidity out of it, you know? Yeah. I think it's, it's a really good move to just, like, keep, make sure you're keeping at least 80% interesting.
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. Because that's what I was. Yeah, that's a good point. Because, I mean, that was kind of my thought, too.
Speaker D: Yeah. Yeah. It's going to be, it's going to be kind of like a little wild west inside this app. I think when this thing starts, because there are a lot of ways to game it. And, like, we have, you know, we put in some failsafes on that, for example, you know, like, someone could. We thought about this a lot and we put in, we feel like the right failsafes because it was like, okay, well, if you needed 80% to vote, then somebody, I could sell you 10%. And then to trigger the buyback, I could, like, wash, trade myself and buy it back lower. And I hold 80% of the shares. So I would just approve that. And then I'm taking, I'm stealing your 10% that I just. So we, like, went through all this and made sure that basically nobody can lose an NFT. And so, like, my advice to anyone.
Speaker C: Using the hostile takeover style.
Speaker D: Yeah. If you're counting on, like, trying to get it back, like, it's probably a good move to hold on to 80%.
Speaker B: I think the move is maybe burn Paul, maybe block, you know, block ears for a minute, like there's going to be some suckers putting some, some big, you know, some, some big token or, you know, if you get a bored ape, for example.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: And you can snag 30% of that thing.
Speaker C: Well, I was just going to say there's probably going to be. So what I'm interested in is keeping my eye on things exactly like that. Right. Where you could probably find some undervalued plays, right. Because if somebody fractionalizes a board ape today and then Yuga labs comes out with their roadmap tomorrow again, and it's. And their roadmap is leaked again and the price goes, you know, and the price goes up 40%. But this is just sitting there because no one's paying attention at, you know, 40% undervalue. Like, you could come in there and there's probably some arbitrage opportunities to, to be had as well. And what's interesting about that is, of course, you don't need the entire value to buy a bored ape to do that. You can pick up pieces and then reprice them at current market value. Right. Which is. I bet you that will be happening for sure.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely.
Speaker C: Yeah. So let's go into with the couple minutes we have left here. The page that I am looking at now is the staking trading lp. So there will be, for everybody listening here that loves free money meta season, you will be doing an airdrop of your frac token, correct?
Speaker D: Correct. 10% of FRac will be airdropped to the NFT community based on OpenseA user activity from the last six months of 2021.
Speaker C: Interesting. So what is 10% of FRac as far as total supply?
Speaker D: 100 million.
Speaker C: All right, so we're getting 100 million FRac airdrop to us. Now, is that airdrop happening tomorrow on launch or how does that work?
Speaker D: That airdrop happens tomorrow at launch, that we're going to make the time and it'll all just be opened up. Right. At that time, you will have to list an NFT to claim it. So that's going to be interesting. There's no restrictions on that. You can mint a new NFT. You can list something out of your wallet. So, yeah, that's going to be interesting to see what gets brought.
Speaker C: Marketplace chamber, let's, let's mint one of your nudes tomorrow and, yeah, we'll put it up as a, as a fractional ownership. You know, that's true art, I think.
Speaker B: Well, it honestly, is it really 10,000?
Speaker C: 10,000 fractional ownership of.
Speaker B: We have to make sure we're not giving out any more than 20%.
Speaker C: Yeah. Well, yeah, because you need.
Speaker B: People will absolutely lose their mind.
Speaker C: That's awesome. So. And then just really quickly again, explain. So in order to qualify for this, you just have to. How do you qualify to get into this airdrop?
Speaker D: So snapshot's already in. So you either qualify or you don't. The table is in our documentation so you can take a look at that. But basically it starts at a minimum of three ETH traded between, like there's exact dates, but it was a block time, you know, but it's basically the whole last six months of 2021. So if you traded three EtH, you're going to get something. And then it just scales up from there and there's like seven brackets all the way up to like the biggest whales.
Speaker B: Do you think we traded over a thousand eth bunch between.
Speaker C: Between all of us or. No.
Speaker B: Each?
Speaker C: No, I think well within the two.
Speaker B: I think we'll be 250 to 1000. Is that what we're thinking?
Speaker C: Is it back and forth or is it EtH spent?
Speaker B: It says ETH traded.
Speaker C: Eth traded. Then it might be. It might be close. I don't know. About a thousand. I'm probably. I've seen some of these other ones where it's like Eth spent and I'm at. I was at like 400 ish, I think. So. You know, you'd think back and forth. It's probably close to the double of that.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker B: So we should probably get the second tier is what we're thinking.
Speaker D: Maybe is 250 to 1000.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think we'll be good there.
Speaker C: Oh, so then we'll be all right there. There you go.
Speaker D: You guys will be getting 3100. 3160 frac.
Speaker C: Wow. Let's go. Free money season, to be honest.
Speaker B: I hope I don't. I hope we don't hit the thousand because I mean, that's. That's absurd decision making. If that's the case.
Speaker C: If you have a thousand eth of nfts in your wallet chamber, you, you know, you've probably done something wrong.
Speaker B: Sometimes it's best not to know.
Speaker C: I do. I do bet that Des is going to hit the highest.
Speaker A: No, I don't think so.
Speaker D: That's.
Speaker A: That's probably one of the highest tiers I've seen across these free drops. 1000 ETH traded is. I don't think. I don't think I hit that. That's a lot.
Speaker B: That is a lot.
Speaker C: That's like pranksy level.
Speaker A: And it is. It is. There's. I would I would say there's less than probably 200 people that would qualify for that.
Speaker C: Yeah. Like, that's like pranksy ding a ling level. Like, I went, I forget which one it was. It might have been x two, y two or something where they showed your, like, what percentage, what percentile you ranked in, and I was in the 99, which I'm sure all three of. I think all three of us probably are because we're addicts. I don't know if I will be this year, but I definitely was last year, so. But, yeah, anyway, but yes.
Speaker D: Yeah, there's 452. It shows it on our. If you check out the docs. Yeah. So there's, in that top bracket, there were 452 wallets.
Speaker C: Wow. How many in that second tier?
Speaker D: 4167.
Speaker C: Not, not quite as elite a club just because of the range, but, you know, that's okay. But, yeah, so. Okay. Tell people real quick before we wrap up, one, is there anything else that you wanted to add here that we might have missed?
Speaker D: Yeah, so I think the, like, it's been really hard. Like, as we've been leading up to this, like, talking about the market marketplace, and I mentioned the dow a little bit, we didn't get too deep into that, but, you know, like, the vision behind fractal was for this to be a protocol on which, like, a lot of other building can take place. So we want to be, you know, our tagline like, that, you'll see on the website is, like, the utility layer for nfts. And so we think that this has, like, a lot more applications than just a marketplace and. Yeah, so I think, like, it's just always nice to, like, keep that in mind. And, you know, in our vision, the marketplace is basically just the first dap that's, like, being built on these contracts.
Speaker C: So, like, you could, I feel like this could lead to being, like, the rally road where you could, you know, once, once the securities laws or even if you're in another country where they're not, they're not a thing. Like, I feel like I could fractionalize a building this way. You know what I mean? Like, like some IRL utility as well. I mean, because it's a protocol, right. It doesn't necessarily need to be a, an NFT already. It can be something you turn into an NFT in theory. Right.
Speaker D: Yeah. That's, that's like, always, like, a big vision within, like, crypto stuff that we really have a lot of control over. Like, we're super looking forward to building, like, an NFT. Amm.
Speaker C: Cool.
Speaker D: Yeah. So that's like one of the next, like, interesting ideas that I, like, spend a lot of time trying to think about. It's pretty heady, you know what I mean?
Speaker C: Gosh, what the heck would that even, where do you even start?
Speaker D: My original idea was basically to, like, my visualization was like, what if you could just have like, one uniswap style pool that trades, like, bored ape fractions to Ethan? And then I thought more about it and it doesn't quite work. There's too many problems. But there's the NFTX model where it's basically just like a liquidity pool, but I think maybe doing something like NFTX with the fractions as well. So there's just like another layer of liquidity. I think that could work.
Speaker C: Super interesting. Yeah. All right. So that, so meant to be kind of the marketplace is first is a first stop here. So we did have a question here. Is the fractional ownership is, sorry, is it a fractional ownership marketplace only or is there, is it a normal marketplace as well? Meaning, can you list things on this marketplace that are not fraction.
Speaker D: No, it's a fractional marketplace only.
Speaker C: Okay, got it. Cool. Awesome. And then before we wrap here, just tell people where they can find you what they should be looking to do tomorrow when you guys launch and things like that.
Speaker D: Yeah, I guess it's 08:00 a.m. eastern time tomorrow. You can find us at fractal IO. And then just click on marketplace. Go ahead and claim your airdrop by listing something. If you, you know, if you, if you're not a big nft holder, you know, say that you don't have anything to list over, even two eth or whatever, and you're not interested in like listing something super fractionally, but you want to claim your airdrop. My advice to you is just fractionalize something in your wallet and list all 10,000 fractions and that'll just like kind of keep it whole and then you'll, you'll be able to redeem for the full NFT later if no one buys it or whatever. And yeah, just play around with it. Let's, I'm just like super excited to see what happens because this whole thing is just like kind of permissionless and just given to the community. So I'm excited to see, like, how people use it.
Speaker C: That's awesome. I got to figure out what I'm going to fractionalize tomorrow, aside from a chamber nude. So I'm going to go take a peek at my wallet to, I don't know if I have anything of massive value left. That.
Speaker B: Fun fact. In his actual wallet, there is a naked picture of me.
Speaker C: That'S in my hidden folder for only me to look at because I don't want to share that with the world.
Speaker B: That's for two eyes only.
Speaker C: That's right. So awesome. Check out fractal IO tomorrow morning, 08:00 a.m. on the 15 march if you are listening in the future. So thank you, burn pile for jumping on everybody. Go use fractal, fractionalize something and claim your airdrop tomorrow. That'll be fun. Looking forward to it. Other than that, Des chamber, any last words here?
Speaker B: No, I just. I just can't wait to start creating my nude. That's. That's it.
Speaker C: Yeah. Go create your nude.
Speaker B: Oh, actually, you know what? Quick, quick question. You'd mentioned two eth as far as go out. If, you know, if you didn't have anything at the two eth level, is that kind of where you recommend people start? As far as fractionalizing is kind of like a two? Is it worth really fractionalizing a 0.25 nft or a 0.5 nft?
Speaker D: Yeah, I think so. Like, if I was like, what's, what's so zero one times 10,000 is. That's a hundred eth.
Speaker B: So, calculator I need.
Speaker D: Yeah. So, like, you're getting into some really cheap fractions when you go, like, divided by 10,000 is point. Oh, I mean, that's fine. Yeah.
Speaker B: But, yeah, probably a good rule of thumb is try to keep it north of two.
Speaker D: Yeah, I guess. I guess that's just in my head. And like I said, we'll see. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: No, that makes sense.
Speaker D: Yeah, that's it.
Speaker C: There we go. But, des, any, actually, I have a question for all three of you before we get out of here. We've got march madness starting tomorrow. Hopefully you've filled out your brackets. Des, who do you have as your final four?
Speaker A: Oh, man, I don't have my brackets filled out yet.
Speaker C: Oh, wow. But Georgia Tech didn't make it. Sorry.
Speaker A: Thanks, man. Thanks.
Speaker C: Good.
Speaker B: I got, I got Gonzaga, Kentucky, Villanova, Auburn.
Speaker C: All right. I like that.
Speaker B: I got Villanova winning the whole thing.
Speaker C: Wow. All right, burn pile. You got a bracket filled out yet?
Speaker D: I had Kentucky and Villanova as well, and I'm not looking at my bracket. I can't remember who I had in the other two, but it was not Gonzaga or I can't remember what your other one was.
Speaker C: I went a little I went a little off.
Speaker B: Would you go?
Speaker C: I went a little offbeat. For the one that I like the most, I've got Texas Tech, Kentucky, Houston, and Auburn as my final four. So that's a three, a two, a two and a five.
Speaker B: That's interesting. The one I liked, I went. It was. I called it the anti Texas bracket, where Texas and Texas are both losing very quickly in my bracket. So I like.
Speaker C: I like it. Well, that means you've picked Virginia tech, which is great.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: But, uh, anyway, cool. All right, guys, good luck. And until next time, stay mint.
