Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am bunchu, alongside my establishment esteemed colleagues and co hosts, chamber and des chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: I'm doing pretty good, man. Just chilling out on this beautiful Wednesday afternoon. Looks like Vitalik is.
Speaker A: Saving us all.
Speaker B: Yeah, and my timeline is peppered with Vitalik.
Speaker A: Anytime Vitalik does anything good. That the hat.
Speaker B: It's the hat. I feel the hat gets buried in the.
Speaker A: In the.
Speaker B: In the story of this picture, he has a. What I would. I would call a safari hat. Yeah, very similar, very similar to what Tim wore in. In season two of. I think you should leave.
Speaker A: Yes, of course. Des, how you doing, brother?
Speaker C: Good. Enjoying myself on this Wednesday as well.
Speaker A: Nice. Did you get any of these Vitalik nfts that dropped that have gone like 30 x in 2 hours?
Speaker C: You know I did not.
Speaker A: Me either. Did you get in chamber? No, no, no.
Speaker B: Not at all.
Speaker A: So again, though, this is. This is our own, our very own fault. All of our own faults here. Because if you are in the d gen war room, you had a ten minute warning before it closed because JP Kaz dropped it in time sensitive and pinged it. And if you were quick enough to act, you got in. So a bunch of the war room folks were eating on that this afternoon, which is awesome to see. So congrats to anybody who did get in and got a little win there. I was not personally fast enough to degen myself, so. But happy for all those who did. But that is cooking today. That's what's hot in the streets. It's a. I don't even know what the project is, but apparently Vitalik has something to do with it. Des, do you even know what. What it is?
Speaker B: No, I thought he tweeted out that he had nothing to do with it. No. Am I wrong there? Or is that.
Speaker A: Did he actually. Or are we just.
Speaker B: I might just be seeing meme tweets, which.
Speaker C: Yeah, that first tweet that was posted in the war room was actually from 2022, and then somebody went and edited over it just, just now and made it 2023.
Speaker B: Yeah, it says. It says, I'm looking. I'm looking at it right now. Hap says, have tweeted out or posted in the war room. It says, bro, why are you dumbasses believing everything you see? Why the fuck would I do an NFT project? You think I need money and then muscle emojis?
Speaker A: Oh, so that's the. That's the past tweet, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, but it does say today's date on it at 332.
Speaker A: I see. So.
Speaker B: Which I took for gospel, by the way.
Speaker A: Yeah, of course you did.
Speaker B: Obviously, that's.
Speaker A: Of course he did.
Speaker B: A genuine tweet.
Speaker A: He's on this, the quadratic funding collection is what it's called, and he is apparently on the creators page, from what I'm seeing on the tweet that I'm looking at, that V squared had shared with us. So I guess he is involved. But I mean, pretty, pretty cool if you got in on that. I mean, I'm going to throw it down real quick to crypto Jesus because maybe he's got some alpha on this that we just don't know because it's so fresh. Crypto Jesus. Welcome, gm.
Speaker D: Thank you for having me here.
Speaker A: Yo.
Speaker D: If you guys don't know how Vitalik acts in this space, he doesn't get very involved in many things. So what's going on here is this is built off the Gitcoin foundation, and Gitcoin has been around since, I believe, 2017. They've been giving out grants. So recently they decided to come up with this autonomous program to automate the gitcoin process. That way you don't have to reach out through the Gitcoin foundation every time you want to apply for a grant. Now you can use the quadratic funding, and that's coming out, I believe, in April. So people will be able to autonomously apply for grants through the Gitcoin foundation. Now they're featuring Vitalik, Zoe and all these other people just because they're contributors. Like, they just give cash to Gitcoin grants. I doubt Vitalik has anything to do with this NFT project. I mean, is it out of the question? No, but I really doubt he has anything to do with it.
Speaker A: That's. I mean, that's a really great breakdown of actually, one, what this is, and two, if you can expect that Vitalik might be involved or not, I would probably lean with you there in terms of they're throwing him on there because he's a, if this has to do with the grant funding and everything like that, then he's technically tied into it because he's got, you know, his hand and obviously in that piece of it. So. But if I, you know, if you're asking me if Vitalik is going to be out doing Twitter spaces, pumping his bags on the quadratic, the quadratic funding collection, probably not. I don't think you're going to see him and Frank stare sharing a stage this week in your favorite Twitter space. So. But it actually sounds pretty fascinating what they're trying to do with it though. Did you crypto Jesus, were you actually, did you grab one? Is there reason to have one of these outside of the speculation if you're not looking for grants? What's the, what's the TLDR there?
Speaker D: So I don't think there really is a purpose aside from this because it's not like you need the NFT to apply for a quadratic funding. From what I understand, it's just metal label did a collab with Gitcoin which I believe they just got funding from a Gitcoin grant to do this NFT project in order to raise more money for future Gitcoin grants.
Speaker A: Interesting. Okay. So I think that is, that's a major alpha for any of those who might be involved in the action this afternoon on what you might be able to kind of expect. So, you know, don't get yourself burned if you are riding the wave of the quadratic funding collection here today. Crypto Jesus, that was spectacular. Thank you so much. Appreciate you, Des. Based on that, you know, you think this thing probably crashes once the hype dies down or is there anything here?
Speaker C: Man, don't ask me or fade. Exactly what I say. I feel like I've been on a cold streak lately. So it's been no good. I don't know.
Speaker B: All I'm doing is you feel that?
Speaker A: You know, that's true. That's how I think. That's the quadratic equation.
Speaker B: That is the quadratic.
Speaker A: I think that is. That's exactly how that works. Let's throw down to our good friend gt. Gt what's going on? Yeah, what's up, man? Glad to be here.
Speaker B: Fucking crypto Jesus actually just crushed it, dude.
Speaker A: You're fucking one smart motherfucker. Listen, I just wanted to come up and say that like, we are just.
Speaker B: One pack of just wild dj's literally purely speculating on if Vitalik is in this.
Speaker A: It fucking ran the fuck up to. .7 listen, I think what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna place a mole somewhere in the Twitter space to post that.
Speaker B: Like my foundation is working with Oprah.
Speaker A: Or some bullshit so that I can make it run.
Speaker B: I don't actually even want to work.
Speaker A: With Oprah, but it's worth a try at this point. I think you never know what's gonna happen in the djet market. But yeah, I love that analysis by crypto Jesus for sure. It's a, it's a great question. It begs the great question of what fictional collab could you think up that would make a, oh, such a good question.
Speaker C: Such a good question.
Speaker A: Chamber. Who would you pick to collab with on a project that, like just rumored, like rumored, you know, rumored to collab here with Abraham Lincoln? And like, who would your collab partner be?
Speaker B: Like? I don't know. I would imagine like, like the good ones are. I've already been done, you know, I mean, like Donald Trump is, is, you know, making a ton of money on.
Speaker A: Second, people are still buying my nft. They are perfect. They're great. They're better than this. Vitalik, vitalik comes in here, he's got a safari hat. I don't wear hats. I don't do them. I don't do them.
Speaker B: Maybe Mister Beast, like, oh, that's a good one.
Speaker C: Guaranteed mint out.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's the game winner, I think there. Des, who would you pick?
Speaker C: No, I don't even want to go after that. That's such a good pick. I was trying to think of topical, creative, I was thinking like any of the IP that hasn't quite entered the space. So I was thinking like George Lucas or something like that. But Mister Beast is a great call.
Speaker A: That's actually kind of like GT's original with Oprah. I think there's some fun rumors you could start around, around that, you know, it, like, it could be Oprah, nft could kind of be like checks in which you have to burn to see if there's a prize under your seat, you know, and like somebody walks away with a new car or, you know, a cell phone book or something. That's exactly right. That's right. Tornadoes for everyone. So I think that's right. So drop your, uh, drop your favorite fictional rumored collab partner down below that you think would pump your bags in the chat, and we'll call out some good ones here. But a lot going on today outside of this that I think is pretty interesting. Des, did you see Joe Rogan hates us all and we're all nerd virgins.
Speaker C: I mean, we all knew we were a bunch of weirdos, so I don't know why everyone's getting bent out of shape.
Speaker B: What did old man Joe Rogan say?
Speaker A: He said everyone in the NFT space is a bunch of weirdos.
Speaker B: The guy's the, like, king of the weirdos. The guy used to be so cool now not so cool now. Just old man yelling at cloud, but he's not. I think I could fight him too. Like, I feel, I feel like you could.
Speaker C: You could fight him. Oh, my God.
Speaker A: This goes back to the J web conversation.
Speaker B: This is for a reason, guys. There's weight classes for. For a reason. The guy's no more than a buck 85.
Speaker A: You think? What are his.
Speaker C: He would beat the living if he's out of.
Speaker B: If he's under 200. I got him.
Speaker A: I think.
Speaker B: Got him.
Speaker A: I will say that would probably be a good collab partner for the rumor exercise.
Speaker B: For promo. Absolutely.
Speaker A: Open for paid promo.
Speaker B: You could beat me up in an octagon. That's fine.
Speaker A: Yeah. So Joe Rogan called us all nerds today. There was a video of him on the podcast saying the entire NSV NFT space is full of weirdos, which I thought was really funny because it's true. I mean, we are a bunch of weirdos.
Speaker C: Of course we own it.
Speaker A: I mean, where else in the world can you just sit in a group of a non pfps and talk about random things with your friends for hours and hours and hours a day and get no real life things accomplished? I think we are a bunch of weirdos. Right.
Speaker B: So I got. I got Joe Rogan's weight here, 194. It's close. It's going to go. It's going to go all ten rounds.
Speaker A: It will. You think? Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: What's your 24 seconds if you're fighting.
Speaker A: If you're fighting Joe Rogan. Right. So you're obviously above him in weight class.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: We're going to the ground strategy for you. Are you. Are you ground? And pound?
Speaker B: Round and pound. Oh, yeah. All day. All day. We got to get that. We got to get that on the. On the ground.
Speaker A: Do you think if. If Joe Rogan rolled you over and he's now on top of you, you think you could sit there and take the onslaught for the remainder of the round or you toast?
Speaker B: I have taken so many beatings in my life. Uh, I could.
Speaker A: Is that true? You're a fighter?
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, yeah. No, we. I mean, I grew up in, like, rural northern Ontario. It's. It's for real up there.
Speaker A: What else to do up there? Yeah. Is that what you're saying?
Speaker B: Yeah, we're built different up there.
Speaker A: So I'm trying to delicately ask this question, but how far above him in weight class are you? What is the weighted man?
Speaker B: Human. A good human? I'm, like, 285 maybe to. Yeah, like, I got a good 85 pounder. Yeah, I'm coming in hot.
Speaker A: And you, what's his. What's his height?
Speaker B: It says five foot eight. Like, I feel like, I feel good about it. I don't feel terrible about it.
Speaker A: I actually have not. I, you know, Gt will go back down to Gt because Gt is a MMA guy. He knows Rogan pretty well. He knows Rogan in and out here. Gt could chamber even with that height and weight discrepancy. Does he stand to chase? Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Listen, I used to wrestle a heavyweight when I was 215 for my team, and I used to bozo people at 285, so weight don't mean shit. I'll just put that out there. Chamber. That doesn't mean. Listen, I know that you grew up in the streets. My guy Joe will beat your ass. He will also beat my ass, my guy. And I just wanted to say, listen, he's old, too.
Speaker B: I feel. I feel like I got you.
Speaker A: That motherfucker's in shape, though, dude. That motherfucker's in better shape than me, for sure. And I wanted to say that these, you know, these last 20 years of playing World of Warcraft is molded me to be ready for this moment in NFT. So I love that he called us nerds because I love embracing that. Amen. I think we are. We would wear it all like a badge of honor, I think, here. I would love to see if we can get Joe Rogan on coffee with captain or DJ network space. Maybe Saturday morning cartoons, pre MMA fight. I think we could maybe pull that off and go toe to toe with chamber in a heavyweight.
Speaker B: Consider chaos. Just dropped a great image in the. In the NFT war room here. Letter. Letter Kenny.
Speaker A: Squirrely Dan.
Speaker B: Yeah, like, we're. That's very. It's. It's pretty bang on. Like, that's a pretty. You know, we're. We fight like gentlemen, but we fight. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yeah. And you have super soft birthday parties. Like, super soft.
Speaker B: Super soft.
Speaker A: If you haven't checked out letter Kenny yet out there, please do. It's a funny show. You're not a fan, though, is that correct? Do you feel like it does not represent Canada correctly?
Speaker B: It's. No, it does too much. I feel that's why I don't like it.
Speaker A: I got it. I got it.
Speaker B: It's very spot on.
Speaker A: All right, let's head down to Stoke appellate. Welcome, GM.
Speaker C: What is up, bunch of you? How you guys doing?
Speaker A: Oh, we are living just being a bunch of weirdos up here. Talking about chamber fighting Joe Rogan. Exactly what was on our schedule for today.
Speaker C: We've got the alpha brain mandae, you know. Have you ever seen him kick? He's bad. He's bad. Dude. Yo, Mister Beast, my buddy did. I don't know if you guys remember the video of the big shoes. But he actually, Parker designed those and stuff. He. He lives like an hour away from me in Greenville, ECU, Carolina. Really? Yeah, clear. What's that?
Speaker A: Chanticleer or is that not. That's not easy. The ECU is the pirates. What is the Chanticleers? South Carolina something.
Speaker C: Pirates. That's the Greenville. Yeah.
Speaker A: There you go. Sorry.
Speaker C: Yep. No, you're spot on. Um, yeah, he, uh. I literally, when you said that, I. I've actually messaged him. Um, I need to get with Parker, though, because that would be that one of the baddest nfts, if he did one for tickets, you know, for. For one of his competitions or something. I mean, imagine how. How much up those would go. Like, those would moon.
Speaker A: I would go. Yeah, it would be. I mean, anything Mister Beast puts his name on. I mean, he's got burger joints doing hundreds of millions of dollars, I think, everything. And do you see, like, the Des. I don't know if you saw, like, the thing he did with his chocolate bar line did recently, where he. He kind of, like, crowdsourced merchandisers, which I thought was. Was a fantastically genius thing to do. He basically put out on his twitter, like, hey, if you. If you see my chocolate bars in the store, set them up like this. And he basically crowdsourced an entire, you know, generation of merchandisers, and people were taking videos and posting it online. It was just like this massive demonstration of how you can kind of activate a community of fans, which is pretty crazy.
Speaker C: I saw those in Walmart the other day, actually. He's. The chocolate bars, I haven't tried one yet, but I know the burgers. He's almost, I guess, what, like drop shipping or however you want to put it in different.
Speaker A: Like the ghost kitchen. Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah. So that's. He's definitely. It's awesome to see him do what he does, man. It's. It's. And, you know, it's really cool. But he. My buddy hung out with him in California, but. And I think he's going to be doing another video with him. But, yeah, it's. He's. He's. He would be. He would be one that I would love to admit, man, that would be so cool.
Speaker A: It would be pretty wild to see a Mister beast mint gt. Do you think that chamber can beat up Mister Beast?
Speaker B: Yeah, there's 100% chance of that.
Speaker A: And I think that Mister Beast and Joe Rogan are probably two of the biggest names that you could partner with. I think Mister Beastie is only number r1.
Speaker B: Quick.
Speaker A: I got one of those burger places by my house. Does anyone add it?
Speaker E: Is it good?
Speaker C: I've tried it. It's not the greatest burger. They do some weird inventive stuff with like their sauces and things like that. It's, you know, it's less on quality, more on entertainment and fun.
Speaker A: But yeah, sorry, I'm really big on burger entertainment. I think the sector is just going to explode over the next six to 24 months. So watch this space for burger entertainment. Crypto Jesus, jump back in here.
Speaker D: So I'm reading through metal labels website and it just says they threw Vitalik on here because of a paper he wrote back in 2018 with Zoe and Glenn. And they put copies of the paper, liberal radicalism, inside of the nfTs.
Speaker A: And this is just a public good.
Speaker D: It's a public good funding project. So it looks like all the money is going to the Gitcoin foundation, but I'll continue to look into it and get back to you guys.
Speaker A: I just saw a Shane in the war room that Maki has. Machi has 500 of them. Careful on, careful on that. As far as you know, when that decides to be dumped, you better be out of the way. I think so. All great information, though, from crypto Jesus, letting the people know what it's all about. As you kind of ape in, I feel like every few days there's one of these where it just comes out of nowhere. Everybody decides that's the thing we're piling into today, sends it to Valhalla for a little bit and then onto the next. Is that basically what you're seeing out there, Chamber?
Speaker B: Uh, yeah, no, I'm. That's what I'm trying to figure out. I'm trying to figure out what the next thing's going to be. I'm trying to be the tastemaker out here, buying up saisons like it's going out of style.
Speaker A: You're buying up. What? What did you buy?
Speaker B: What did you buy?
Speaker A: It went maison de goat.
Speaker B: No, cezanne de Chamber.
Speaker C: That's amazing.
Speaker B: So I don't know. Like I said, I have very little time to buy nfts. So when I make the decision to that, I'm setting aside 20 minutes of my week to just buy something and cross my fingers and hope that it works.
Speaker C: Chamber is going to open one of those courses. 20 minutes, investor.
Speaker B: And it's the course I need to get right into it. That's too. That's still too long. So, yeah, I was just perusing the daily numbers and it's s e I z o n saison is this PFP project that I just picked up a few of. And it looks like it's a staged PFP reveal. So it'll go on stages over the next, I don't know, like week and a half looks like where you'll every four days it'll morph into something. So you get a, like a little taste of what the, you know, how, you know if it's gonna be a legendary, if it's gonna be a common. And then I think you can I.
Speaker A: Just describing, are you just like walking us through what a reveal is?
Speaker B: No, no. Like you get little pieces of it over the course of the day. Over the course of the week. So you'll, you'll find out whether it's like, I think you find out whether.
Speaker A: It'S a kind of like Memland did with captains, right, where you very similar, like the DNA and it revolves.
Speaker B: I'm probably getting this wrong, but that's great.
Speaker A: This segment is called send it to zero, sponsored by MrBeast chocolate bars. So thanks for tuning in to the main condition today. Phonics in the war room says chamber Dyo ring. Well, this looks good and basically sounds about right.
Speaker B: And after Shane said not that he's not getting into it. Yeah, that seems like the right thing to get into.
Speaker A: Yeah, I wouldn't fade Shane. Shane just had like two and a half eth of profit off of Vitalik safari hats. So that's pretty, pretty good afternoon for Shane. Crypto Jesus. Jump back in. Then we'll go to Stoke, and then Eric.
Speaker D: It's so fucking funny that people ape into this shit when you could literally read their fucking website and it will tell you everything.
Speaker A: But it doesn't matter about that. Is there enough momentum to keep it going?
Speaker B: That's a trader.
Speaker D: Absolutely ape only, yo. So it turns out not even 100% of the profits go to 504 c's. Charitable foundations, like get 70% goes to Gitcoin, 20% goes to the plurality institute, which both those are nonprofits. And then 10% goes to meta label, who use their imaging and branding to make some money here, obviously. And then the only thing that really comes from Vitalik, Zoe and Glenn is there's twelve nfts in this collection that are the top twelve rarest. And each one of those will come with one physical copy of the white paper I told you about, liberal radicalism, hand signed by all three authors. And the other ones have digital copies of the papers packaged in them.
Speaker A: So I wonder, like, did they procure these from them for this reason, or did they kind of just like, go out and get them on eBay?
Speaker C: That is fantastic question.
Speaker A: You know, like, you could, right? If it's just like a non endorsed, why would be able to buy it and offer it?
Speaker C: I'm just gonna go buy a whole bunch of LeBron James signed jerseys and just put that up as the prize, and people are just gonna automatically think, you know, he's a part of the project.
Speaker A: That's what I mean, like. Right, right. Just. You have every right to give away LeBron James jerseys, don't you?
Speaker C: I would think so, yeah.
Speaker A: Interesting. Stoke appellate, jump back in.
Speaker C: Just, are we still good for Moonbird e bikes today? And can I pin it to the top? You just let me know.
Speaker A: Yeah, I don't actually remember if today was the day we said or not. So we can chat about it if you would like. I actually thought we scheduled later the month, but come on and jump in with. With ebikes.
Speaker C: I got. I got him down. I got him down there. So I don't know if he's requested up, but, yeah, we can definitely chat about it. I thought. Yeah, 420, but I just. I wasn't sure. Sorry about that.
Speaker A: No, you're good, man. It might have been totally my fault. So let's. Let's jump into it here. I usually have a calendar invite and I did not. I was not operating with a calendar today, so. Moonbird ebikes, welcome. Thank you for the reminder, Stoke appellate. Appreciate you welcome to the stage and tell us a little bit about yourself.
Speaker E: What's up, guys? Alex, edit online. I launching mumbo e bikes and the idea is to create custom bikes for cultures. So imagine a bike for. Well, let me ask you, what are you into? Tell me something that you're into other than nfts, because nfTs, the first bike is going to be. It's going to launch as an NFT that represents the Moonbird community. But the Runway calls for more than that. The first two models that we're going to launch are going to be around nfts, but from that we're going to. We're going to launch into other communities, passionate communities, people that want to show off what they're into. And we're going to custom designed bikes for those specific communities. And that's the plan.
Speaker A: So Mister Beast comes to you with a. With a bike idea. How does it work?
Speaker E: Okay, what. What is the. Like. It would be his. It will be themed around his Persona, who he is. Right. So, right. I mean, is that what you're saying. Or he would choose, like, okay, build the bike for youtubers. Right. So I'm not a big youtuber, but we would go to other youtubers and be like, okay, what are the inner circles of youtubers? What do they talk about? What kinds of things are they into? And then we take bike and we. Well, we have to design the bike. The process of designing a bike is like six months, and we design it with all the little things that define that community, that represent that community. A community of youtubers. Right. So if it's for youtubers, and if a youtuber is out in the market looking for an e bike and he sees an e bike that is custom made for youtubers, I think that he's gonna go for the one that represents him instead of an off the shelf bike.
Speaker A: Sure. It's like the. It's kind of like a bike PFP in a sense, where, you know, I'm going to. There you go. You could have that one.
Speaker E: Thank you. Send me a bill. But, yeah, so, you know, Orange county choppers, you know how they used to build bikes? Have you seen that show on Discovery Channel?
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker E: Okay. So you see how they build bikes for, like, specific communities. So they built the Gillette bike, they built the Corvette bike. If somebody is a Corvette enthusiast and they're out in the market looking for, you know, in that case, a motorcycle, the chances of him getting a motorcycle themed with the car that he loves, the car that he's into, is very high. And so that's what we're doing. The PfP of e bikes. I love the way you put it.
Speaker A: Sorry, I was responding to a tweet or, sorry, a Dm. Yeah, the PFP for bikes. I enjoy it. So tell people kind of what the strategy is here for. I guess the communities that you're working with, and I guess, outside of that as well, just how it all works to kind of get connected there.
Speaker E: So I've been part of proof since day one. My first NFT was actually the proof collective. And then, you know, with that, I became part of moonbirds and oddities. So this bike, because we're naming it Moonbird e bikes, and we're actually. We actually put up a proposal for the moonbirdao that is called the Lunar Society. The idea is to start with a proof of concept. It's a 500 limited edition e bike called the MB one. And this bike has all the little features that moonbirds are known for. Right. Like, just to give you a couple of examples, it has a. For a safety light it has a projector that projects your favorite NFT. That is CCO. It has to be cc zero for you to be able to project that NFT. The horn is the sound effect of an owl. Right? The design itself, the paint scheme is inspired on Moonbird 6289. That's a moomber that I own. And the alarm has a camera system that replaces the rear view mirrors. So instead of having rear view mirrors, you're now wearing kind of like. It's a video watch. It's a two inch video watch that transmits wirelessly. So when you put the bike on the side and you activate the alarm, you can walk away from it for up to 500ft. You can see what the bike is seeing, so that you know that that prevents theft. And as far as features, it is comparable to. Actually, it's better than most bikes at that price level. It's $2100, 750 watt motor that speeds up to 28 miles an hour. It has a range on full battery for 30 miles, and with pedal assist, you can go 60 miles. The battery is easily removable. And here's a cool part for the DJ. All of us, I consider myself a DJ, it's only 500 nfts. A lot of the nfts will have extra, you know, like gifts. For example, every NFT with it, with an NFT can redeem a bike. But a few nfts are gonna have two bikes. So you get one, but you get two. A few nfts are also going to have extra batteries. The battery is the most expensive part of an e bike. So having two batteries doubles your range. A few of them are going to have air tags. Air attacks are cool. People like air attacks when they get an e bike for, you know, safety, to prevent theft. And something that we thought about yesterday that I just, you know, immediately said, yeah, we're doing this. Are you familiar with infinite objects? They. They do, like, print video. So at least ten of the NFTs are also gonna have infinite object frames that come with the bike.
Speaker A: Very cool. Des, have you ever been on an e bike? Have you ever gone that fast on a bike?
Speaker C: Yeah, actually I have.
Speaker A: I have not. And 30 miles an hour on a bike actually kind of terrifies me, personally.
Speaker E: I do it every day. I ride every day, especially, you know, in the afternoon for, like, to clear my head. And let me tell you, 28 miles an hour when you pedal, you can go up to, like, 32 if you pedal fast. It's. It's. It's a little scary. It's. It's really fast.
Speaker A: I mean, like, it's. No matter. Can you imagine?
Speaker E: Considered a class three e bike, and it's regulated in 36 states known. None of the staff require, like, a special driver's license or tag, but they regulate it. The 36 states. And I think that probably by the end of 2025, all states are going to regulate it so that they can be up to class three. A class three bike is a bike that can go to 28 miles an hour on full throttle.
Speaker A: I would be petrified. Could you des. Could you imagine chambers 280 pound frame on a e bike?
Speaker D: Well, yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah, I could. My dad's a pretty big dude, and he. Yeah, he's got on with me before, and, yeah, I'd be fine.
Speaker B: I think I could.
Speaker C: He could probably run into Joe Rogan fast enough to actually be.
Speaker B: I don't. Can I fight any bike?
Speaker A: I don't know. You certainly can't move at 28 miles an hour.
Speaker B: I know, I definitely cannot.
Speaker A: That's funny. Still, capelli, jump in.
Speaker C: Yeah, definitely. You know, love hearing the e bike stuff. Four and a half hour charge time. The mechanics that down the road, that's being worked on. As far as, you know, app the. The bike itself, there's only 500 of, like Alex is saying. And, you know, he's. He's had six different e bikes, at least. And the specs on it is like stuff I've never seen before.
Speaker E: You won't. You won't see these. These pegs on any other bike out there. And that is the purpose of customization to. To what you're into. Right. This particular bike is launching the brand. This is going to prove the concept. If we. If we sell at least 250, we can say, okay, well, the concept is proven. We can move forward with the plan. And for the other 250, you know, we have a. I have a whole business plan. I've run other businesses in the past, actually still run a business here in Florida. We have a shipping facility that ships all over the. The world daily. So we're very familiar with bringing product to market. So if anybody's qualified to do this, I think my team and I, you know, we've done this before. We haven't done it with e bikes, but we have, you know, I have designed products, electronic products that are, you know, they're very particular. I've designed products in the past and have gone to China to oversee the manufacturing and production process, set up the sales team, set up an office. I've done that, and I've been sitting on my hands for two years looking for a business to stick my teeth into. And I became part of the proof community. And I'm thinking, and I'm very into e bikes, and I'm thinking, man, I really want to start that business. I was chatting in the, in the moon Birds lounge all this afternoon, answering questions, and someone said, well, why can't I just slap a moonbird on my e bike? And of course you can if you, if you like moonbirds that much. Absolutely. The other thing, they. But it won't be an MB one. You won't have the, you know, the holder benefits. When you hold an mp one NFT, you get a 10%, a lifetime 10% off on moonboard ebikes. Calm. That's the, that's going to be the web store.
Speaker A: Super interesting.
Speaker E: I think I'm a little all over the place because I'm reading notes. I have so much on my mind. I'm so excited about this project. It's, it's, it's. I love doing this, you know?
Speaker A: Heck, yeah. I mean, look, we're, Joe Rogan's calling us all weirdos. Part of that's because of our passion for the things that we're doing here in the space and creating our own projects and really putting our passions forward. So appreciate your passion. I see that as a feature, by.
Speaker E: The way, dude, like, to me. All right, so I'm. You're saying that I'm unique? Yeah, I'll take that.
Speaker A: And, of course, amen.
Speaker E: Probably somebody that would buy a bike that represents something that they're passionate about is probably a little bit weird. You know, I'm into aviation. If you put an aviation theme bike in front of me, just don't even tell me how much it is. I want it just because I'm like, I'm very, very passionate about that. And that the customer that is not willing to show what they're into, that is not willing to customize the things that they own, that's not our customer. We're not trying to attract everyone. We're trying to attract people that are very passionate about what they're into. The way I see it in my mind, our customer avatar is the guy that owns season tickets for the New York jets. And he wears a New York Jets t shirt. He has a New York jets tattoo. And I'm just choosing New York jets. But you get the point insert there whatever it is that you're passionate about. Every year we'll come out with amazing designs targeted for specific communities that are passionate about what they're into.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's super cool. Appreciate your passion. So, as we wrap up here, jump. Tell people where they can find you details of kind of your drop and everything like that, and just tell them where they can go to find out more.
Speaker E: All the information is obviously, follow our, follow us on Twitter, and also go to moonboardevikes.com. you can put your email there if you want to receive information. As we continue to build this company and this brand and mint, I think it's going to be about a month and a half from now, because we're doing a job proposal and we're talking to proof about the use of the name and all those things. When the mint comes out, everyone's gonna know because we're gonna make sure that we put it out there. And, guys, if there are any questions, please tweet at me. I, no question is off the table. Like, you know, don't feel weird. If you think this is a dumb idea, that's fine. I want to hear it, because when I heard the feedback and the critiques, it allows me to form a more clear, concise message so that, you know, more people know about it. So, again, moonbirdiebugs.com. that's where everything's going to be.
Speaker C: Awesome. Thank you. Just jumping in.
Speaker D: Bunch.
Speaker C: Bunch got rugged. I guess you stepped down, but I.
Speaker B: Appreciate, I appreciate you sharing. Sliding in.
Speaker C: I'm good for something sometimes.
Speaker E: Hey, thank you for the more, for having us.
Speaker C: Absolutely, yeah, yeah. Thanks for sharing.
Speaker B: I was busy over here playing on my phone. Didn't even know what's even looking at the crowd. Did we get bunch back?
Speaker C: I can't do this night. Oh, I thought I got him back.
Speaker B: I think crypto Jesus, you have your. I don't know who had their hand. I'm gonna go crypto Jesus. Already spoke, so we're gonna go Eriche first, and then we'll go to crypto Jesus.
Speaker C: I was, I hopped in here because I saw a Joe Rogan somebody title, and then now I got rugged because it's git coin get.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, I changed all time. So it was originally, could Mister Beast and me beat up Joe Rogan? Was the title there for Joe Rogan.
Speaker C: Would beat the shit out of two of us. Absolutely.
Speaker B: That me and Mister Beast together, tag.
Speaker C: Team in there could be three chamber wrecks in a Mister beast, and he's.
Speaker B: Bro, I don't think that's accurate. No way.
Speaker C: Kick and fight. Like, Joe Rogan's actually a legit dude fighting. I'm going to put the over under at two and a half chambers. To beat Rogan.
Speaker A: What a fantastic betting line. How many chambers would it take to beat up Joe Rogan? Like, that's like. That is a great sports book prop back.
Speaker B: I would put money that me and Bunch could. Could take.
Speaker D: Definitely not 100%.
Speaker A: Okay, you have.
Speaker B: I go high. It's over.
Speaker C: No, over.
Speaker A: I will say someone just said bunch doesn't look like a fighter. And on the surface, that is correct. However, Chamber would vouch for Chamber. No, there was a. I don't know. This is probably two years ago now, and it's just like one of these ridiculous stories. And just real quick, I won't take too much time with it, but I have this friend who just kind of like, I don't know, he's like, the most annoying friend you have. Everybody's got one of those.
Speaker B: He's not talking about me.
Speaker A: Everyone's got one of those friends that's just like, the most annoying friend they have. And every time, like, every time, they just kind of try to instigate you. And so we were going away on, like, a golf trip. We were all sharing a house in Airbnb. And, you know, leading into the trip, he's like, hey, I want to have a boxing match with Jo, which is my initial. Joe, fight me. Jo, fight me. I'm like, no, I'm not going to have a boxing match with you. I'm 35 years old. I'm not doing it. He's like, I'm going to bring the gear. And I'm like, I'm not doing it. And we call him. We call him creep. And there's a reason for that. His nickname is Creep. And I'm like, creep. We are not fighting. I'm 35 years old. I'm not going to fight you. And, you know, it's one of these guys weekends where everybody's drinking all day, every day on the, you know, at the house. And he got to this point where he's just so on my nerves that I'm like. Because he keeps pushing me about. He's like, let's fight, let's fight, let's fight. And he's like, throwing the gloves at me, and I'm not doing this. Finally, I hit my breaking point and I snapped, and I was like, all right, let's go. We're going to do this. And so everybody gathered in the backyard like it was a scene out of a movie. We touched gloves and, man, 10 seconds, dude, I. 10 seconds. The kid was toast. And I felt really bad. I didn't want to do it. And I just got to this point where I couldn't, I couldn't not. And, uh, there's a video of it and I sent it to chamber.
Speaker B: It was amazing.
Speaker A: Chamber. I mean, I need your reaction having seen that video.
Speaker B: You, you, I mean, you gave me one. Like, like I said, I'm a hundred percent confident that you and I could take Joe Rogan just based on that.
Speaker C: I want to see the punch fight video. I want to see.
Speaker A: I have.
Speaker C: I'll be the judge. It's on world star. You just got, you just gotta.
Speaker F: Can you text this to other people, bunch perhaps, who maybe have your number at the moment would be.
Speaker A: I'll find it. I have it somewhere, I'm sure. And there's actually multiple angles because everybody was videoing it. So it's like, I think the daily loud tweeted it. You know, it's out there, so. But I don't even know who was first or next. Let's go crypto. Jesus. Then Mister House and Steve.
Speaker D: All right, I got the final conclusion on this project. I'm looking at their data on ipfs. One kind of cool thing to do, not new, obviously, is not only is the image that cool looking diamond thing stored on ips, but you could also store a sentence with it on ipfs if you're the one who minted it. So the number one thing people did was nice. Number two was pump. Number three was Vitalik. Pump my bags. And then we have some things that aren't even stored on the blockchain attached to it that you can look at, which just exists on the Internet for free to look at anyway. O two QF, which is a poem. The impact of quadratic funding and liberal radicalism. But, you know, I'm not sure if you guys just saw this, but Silvergate just closed up and they're liquidating, like, just now.
Speaker B: Just now.
Speaker A: Wow, that's pretty wild. Are we seeing effects yet? Like market effects?
Speaker D: Let me take a look.
Speaker A: No, it looks like. Not yet. So. Wow, that's wild. So I don't know. Do you have any details? Did they make an announcement or anything?
Speaker D: No, I just saw a tweet come out.
Speaker A: Interesting. So we'll keep an eye on that for the rest of the episode. Let's go Mister House and then Steve. Maybe Mister House isn't available. Go ahead, Steve.
Speaker F: First of all, I want to say there's zero chance the two of you could beat up Joe Rogan. That man's body is so young because of whatever he's putting in that thing.
Speaker B: And he is you're forgetting our secret. Our secret. Our secret sauce. Our unhindered rage. Untethered rage.
Speaker F: I think Joe Rogan has a crazy switch, though. Like, that man strikes me as somebody who has a crazy switch.
Speaker A: I was just gonna say we're in web three. We all have a crazy switch.
Speaker F: Always on. No, he. That was number thing. Number one, I was gonna say is that there's, there's, this is always a funny conversation because, like, and I mean, this. I know obviously we're all having fun here, but in both of chambers, probably semi serious, but the actual idea is like, like real fighters. Like, when you go against a real fighter, it is a different animal, it's a different game. Like somebody who's like a trained national jujitsu champion, like him, who's been like, doing jujitsu his entire life. Like, that is terrifying. And it's like you can watch guys that are like, you know, 5450 pounds beat the crap out of guys that are like, you know, 6ft plus because of their actual ability. So I want to say that number one, and then number two, I was going to say, and I feel very weird with these two comments after crypto jeans is actually talking about real NFT stuff and important things. But did you guys ever play, like the how many game were like, is this. Me, my friend used to go through and like, you might see a kid who's maybe, I don't know, a bigger third grader, you'd be like. And the idea would be like, if, how many of those kids, if they were running at you full speed, trying to kill you, like, do you think you could take. And we would play the. How many games? So it would be like, I don't know, kids, adults, whatever it was. And we would just be in public be how many cup with over unders, like dead. So I like dead. Setting the over under on two and a half chambers, too. I'm taking the over slightly, but I think three chambers is the number to be Joe Rogan potentially.
Speaker A: I think. I think two and a half's pretty, pretty spot on.
Speaker B: What about, what about the entire, the entire TMC crew, all three of us, chamber, Des and bunch, I feel.
Speaker G: What about Morgan and Steve? I thought we were also co hosts.
Speaker B: No, no. You're dragging us down.
Speaker F: See, the problem is, chamber, you are a large individual in, and I mean that in a positive way, not like.
Speaker B: Yeah, this is beneficial for this conversation.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker F: Like, you are. It's my time now. You are, you are a large individual. So like, that, that, the fact that you're like, what are you, six?
Speaker A: Three?
Speaker C: Six.
Speaker B: I'm like six. 4285.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Come on. I'm the size of a fullback.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker F: So three of you, that's way bigger than a fullback. Fullbacks are short and tight. Um, but, like, I would say. I would say fullbacks are like refrigerators.
Speaker A: With, like, my size.
Speaker B: Yeah, I remember, like, Mike Allstat. Remember him like that. That's.
Speaker F: Oh, yeah, he's one more. One more question for chambers, so I can answer this accurately. I don't know what the leg situation was like. Are you a don't skip a leg day guy or you refrigerator on stills?
Speaker B: Oh, no, 100% all leg. Like these. These things are. These things are horses.
Speaker C: He skips legs day 100.
Speaker B: No, there are no skinny shorts for me.
Speaker A: Cheaper. Have you ever done a leg day, bro?
Speaker B: I live on leg day. My whole life is leg day. I gotta walk around. I gotta walk around this meat suit all day.
Speaker C: We're not talking about turkey legs, like working out your leg.
Speaker B: Listen, I'm telling guys. Didn't he say he could swap 400 lastspace all day? All day.
Speaker A: I kind of need to hear from J Web on this. I think. I think I need to hear J Webb's opinion on whether or not two and a half chambers could take Joe Rogan. I do we have to go to Mister House, though? Because. Talk about jiu jitsu and MMA knowledge and experience. Mister House, jump in. How many chambers?
Speaker H: Honestly, it's. It's difficult to say, especially once you add in a second person. Steve kind of started getting at it, but he didn't quite get to where my head was at with. The point was, if you and chamber, or if chamber and you, you add in Des or any other combination, if you can't fight effectively as a unit and don't, like, aren't prepared to. Okay, Chamber throws. Punch a bunch, who is circling behind. And Des has his phone out, so he can get the video and produce the fight soundtrack.
Speaker A: Liver.
Speaker H: And ultimately, it'll play into Rogan's advantage, right? Because you have to take into consideration, he's not just jiu jitsu black belt, but he's trained just about every martial art under the sun and has a good enough idea of the tactics behind all of them to where he knows, okay, I'm nothing, you know, a world class kickboxer, but I know how to kickbox and point fight enough to where I can disable Chad by hitting him in the knee first, then I can uppercut bunch, you. And now I just get a break. Des his keyboard. I think the really vital part of this fight that you're missing is you. And you. You exiled her from the start. Was Morgan. The first time I'd ever heard Morgan speak. She said something along the lines of, I can hit an inch, you know, grouping on a target from like, 2000ft. So the real question isn't, why are you? The real question is, why are you fighting Joe Rogan? You just need Morgan on a hill, like a mile away. She's our backup and Morgan just follows up with a bullet. So it's like, this is powerful enough. Joe Rogan's head off. That's the real spin.
Speaker B: Not to merge. You guys can't just like a mame shot, you know what I mean? Just take out a leg.
Speaker A: Like beanbag. Bean bags. Yeah.
Speaker B: I think the move is I sacrifice myself, I attack first. So he's.
Speaker A: He's.
Speaker B: He's dealing with me. And then Bunch and Des can get in there and wreck shop while, you know, while Rogan's dealing with me. I think that's the move. I sacrificed myself for the good of the team.
Speaker F: Did you hear Mister House also just turned Rogan into John Wick in that.
Speaker G: Did you notice how I'm John Wick.
Speaker H: Here's the thing. I met. I met Rogan in September and, like, I got a three minute conversation in with him and Bruce Buffer at the same time. And, like, the way that Bruce Buffer was attentively staring and listening to everything Joe Rogan said when Bruce Buffer himself has a much more entertaining voice. If you haven't heard him speak, I would definitely look up Bruce Buffer.
Speaker A: That's the. Let's get rid of it.
Speaker H: Yeah, no, that's his brother, Michael Buffer. That's actually another whole story. They're estranged brothers, but they both ended up having great voices. But yeah, no, buffer. Just like, the way he listens to Joe Rogan just tells you, like, that dude has some higher source of not only knowledge, but also just power compounding within him into craziness.
Speaker A: I gotta go to Morgan, who's now, like JFK, John F. Kennedy, sniper up on a hill somewhere else now talking about how we defeat Joe Rogan as the main topic of today's show. Go ahead, Morgan.
Speaker H: Morgan.
Speaker G: I don't know how I have become a six one John Wick sharpshooter in this group, but I am not opposed to it. I'm gonna take it and run with it. But I did want to say, speaking of crazy switches, you said something earlier in a chat. Joe or bunch. Sorry that I am so curious about. You said to bring up corn, and I'm just thinking about crazy switches right now and corn the band.
Speaker A: Yes. So I do need to mention this before, because we're going to run out of time, but chamber, I wanted to ask you this. I had. I just watched we did, you know, used to do recommendations on this. Have you. I texted you about it last night. Have you watched the documentary on Netflix about wooden stock 99?
Speaker B: I think I did. Unless there's been multiple that. That have come out, I'm pretty, like, train wreck. And is it basically where they just talk about what the conditions were? Like, how it's, like, on a airstrip, like a us.
Speaker A: Us airport kind of, but, like.
Speaker B: And then, like, all the shit that happened.
Speaker A: Yeah, it was. It's wild. And, like, I watched it.
Speaker B: I've definitely seen a documentary recently about it. So I. I don't know if it was that one in particular, but I'm. I'm pretty up to date. So when. When Morgan was giving her favorite bands of the nineties, if she was a guy, she would have definitely been a suspicious character.
Speaker A: Morgan would have been one of those people that were, like, surfing on plywood over the crowd while Fred Durst was doing it. And. But, like, what I couldn't believe as I watched this was just how the bands were so into just riling up this crowd.
Speaker B: It was crazy.
Speaker A: The footage of just, like, the seas of humanity just in waves, and they were just all psychos like you. I mean, one of those guys could have beat up Joe Rogan, like, at least.
Speaker B: Absolutely. Joe Rogan was there. Actually, it was. He was in the crowd, but it.
Speaker A: Was wild to watch. Like, I just couldn't. I couldn't take my eyes off of it. And, you know, I was, what, 13 at the time of this happening, and I really don't have any recollection of it, like, living through all of this news that would have come from it. So I kind of lived it for the first time watching this documentary. And holy crap, if you have not seen it, it is pretty. It's worth watching. It's only three episodes. It's totally worth watching. But anyway, that was why I said, bring up corn, Morgan, because corn was there, and they, you know, they were the doctor.
Speaker G: I will say, if you haven't crowd surfed in life, you haven't lived. So I'm just going to put that out there. So, yes, I have been Fred Durst, and if you haven't given a shot, I say do it while you're still able bodied.
Speaker A: There you go. The corn lead singer is in the documentary, and he talks about what it was like to perform in front of that crowd. So when you were talking about it before in the TMC chat, I was like, oh, I needed to ask. I wanted to make sure chamber had seen this or if he hasn't recommended.
Speaker B: He does seem like such a sweet guy, too. He does, like, just like the nicest guy. Like everybody else, you know, our kind kind of just absolute meatheads, but, like the. I forget his name, but he was. He came off really good.
Speaker A: Yeah, totally. Let's go back to James. I'm sure he has thoughts on how many chambers it would take.
Speaker B: This is one of the most incredible conversations that I think has ever taken place.
Speaker A: I was actually thinking while you were. While I was about to call on you, I was like, the last time we had a conversation like this, you took it to fashion Friday for two and a half more hours of zombie apocalypse talk. I can't wait to see how this goes, where this goes.
Speaker B: This may. This may end up on there. So chamber be prepared for that. I think that two and a half chambers is roughly 712 pounds, if I heard it correctly, of grizzly bear. Of furry grizzly bear. I think that you could probably give him a good run because, I mean, Joe Rogan's only 194 pounds, and he's five eight now. He's a trained killer. Like, make no mistake about that. But I think 712 pounds up against 194 pounds. That's what I'm saying. Would be. And are we talking chamber with one of them has a bong? Or, I mean, you could throw that just by pent up like old man does.
Speaker C: Chamber not have a bomb.
Speaker B: Right? So. Right. You guys know nothing about. And then the other guys got him. I actually don't even smoke a bong, guy, so chamber, I don't.
Speaker C: I forgot that you smoke a bong.
Speaker B: I have little baby lungs that cough too much for bongs. But. But in all seriousness, I think it's like, I think it's like Avengers, where he's got you down. And then Morgan, like, Captain Marvel kind of comes in and. And destroys thanos at the end. And then. And you survive. Only one of you actually survives. One of you make it through the snap.
Speaker A: Jesus.
Speaker C: Spoiler alert, man.
Speaker B: I know what happens in that movie.
Speaker A: Incredible. I just. This conversation, this whole episode has just been. Today we got Eric, and then we've got Viscero down there. We'll try to bring up, then we'll. We'll close up shop here in a minute. Unless J Web wanted to chime in with his thoughts here, I don't know if he had his hand up, but he's up here, so. Eric, go ahead.
Speaker C: I'm just. The way I see this going down in my mind, and I'm not even worried about Joe's jiu jitsu. I've seen that guy kick heavy bags and what he can move. So I know that one of you most likely bunch, because Chambers too tall is getting kicked in the chest. He's going to go down just from getting.
Speaker A: I don't know how I got brought into it. I didn't volunteer. I didn't.
Speaker C: Chambers too tall, he's getting double legs, so his, his little ankles are going to touch the ceiling and then. Yeah, I think whoever the third wheel on that wheelbarrow is, is just going to roll away and be like that. I'm not getting kicked in the chest or me. I'm going to phone chamber.
Speaker A: You got to put out on the DJ network, handle after this. How? If. If two and a half of you. Yes or no, can take down Joe Rogan, let's see what people think. You make sure you give your stats versus Joe Rogan stats and put it out there. Let's go. J. Webb first, then we'll end it with Visero, man.
Speaker I: Lot to touch on here. I'll try to make it quick. Number one chamber, squatting 400 pounds. Don't see that happening anytime soon. You know, he's carrying some weight around, I'll give him that. I bet the guy has gigantic calves. You know, us big guys and former big guys had monstrous, monstrous calves. And I bet if he trimmed down, those could be some absolute beauties right there. In regards to the over under, two.
Speaker H: And a half chambers, I'm 285 lean guy.
Speaker B: What are you talking about?
Speaker C: Trimmed, 285 lean. Wow.
Speaker I: That's something.
Speaker B: I got some games on.
Speaker I: Regards to the two and a half, the over under. I think two, two chambers could get the job done. He's from the streets of northern Ontario, so the guy's taking a punch before. So if he was a little sissy and couldn't take a punch, then I'd be worried about him. But, you know, he can take a punch and keep going, get that weight on Rogan, and then the other chamber come in to finish it off. So those are just my initial thoughts.
Speaker B: Like my odds better with one chamber and one bunch. You as opposed to two chambers?
Speaker A: That's another whole topic of conversation. Is two chambers better than two and one? I don't really know. However, I will say I have, I have pretty. If I, if I'm going to give myself a compliment on anything, it's my calves. So I've got some monster calves. I don't know how that will benefit me in this scenario, but my calves are on fleek, as the kids will say.
Speaker I: I mean, now you're talking my language here. Like us former big guys, you know, you get them nice and beefy from carrying around that weight for a while. Then you trim them down and they get some definition. And, I mean, the ladies go crazy. Like, we're talking thick boy summer here, but man, let's go.
Speaker A: That's hilarious. All right, ficero, bring us home. This conversation is just too much.
Speaker B: I don't know. I'm just laughing way too much. J Web, I don't think the calves are going to make any difference. Let's just, let's just think about this. It's like having two, two and a half cuddly bears attacking a gnarly beast of Joe Rogan. I think you need about four or five cuddly bears. I've just got a vision of chamber just like bouncing off because he's just way too kind, way too soft. And like, I don't think you could take Joe Rogan even if there's four of you. I'm not that soft. First of all, we say cuddly bears, like bears aren't vicious animals. No, no, not the ones that I'm seeing. It's like, I'm talking about the ones that my grandmother bought me when I was a kid.
Speaker A: He's talking like Beanie babies are big carbs.
Speaker B: Yeah. I'm coming in no pants, only a shirt.
Speaker A: Oh, well, that's, I mean, that's a whole other conversation is what is your, what is your fight Joe Rogan attire?
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely.
Speaker I: Bam bam bigelow. That's what I envisioned chamber in, like showing up in the fire, the fire singlet like bam bam Bigelow.
Speaker B: That's a classic. Big fan of bam bam.
Speaker A: This, this I want to, just like before we get out of here, one, apologize. I think we, I think I want to apologize to everybody who's still here. This has been quite the episode we went, we actually started off pretty strong, talking a lot of NfT stuff. And the Joe Rogan Weirdo topic got out of hand.
Speaker B: It got out of hand.
Speaker A: It sure did. But I had, I had a fantastic time, so that was great. But if you came for NFT talk, it got off the wrist pretty quickly. But that, I mean, I don't know where else to go from here. I think we shut it down and we regroup and we come back on Friday with, with maybe a draft related to this. I don't know how, I don't know what the draft topic could be that is related to this, but we'll brainstorm.
Speaker G: Your team to fight Joe Rogan.
Speaker A: Oh, I like that.
Speaker I: I also had the idea of, uh, in the spirit of nineties draft, your nineties WWF survivor Series team.
Speaker A: I think that would be a lot of fun. Nineties wwf.
Speaker B: I am in. I am undefeated.
Speaker A: Yeah. Interesting. I like it. We'll figure out what the draft is going to be, but that's going to do it for us today. Des, any parting words before we get out of here?
Speaker C: I'm taking the, uh, I'm taking the overdem.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm definitely taking me over. Okay, Chamber. I mean, I feel like you have to.
Speaker B: I'm putting big money on the under. Big money on the under. I do want to say in a more serious note, I didn't mention it today, but I had the privilege of chatting with Steve yesterday on clubhouse archives. I don't know why they wanted to talk to me, but they did. It was a great time. Steve was fantastic. James was fantastic. So we dropped some interesting stuff. I talk a lot about my relationship with Bunch and Des and the DJN team. So, yeah, if you want, I would recommend checking that out. There's some fun stuff that we talk about in there.
Speaker A: So Steve had texted me prior to this and said, hey, is there a, you know, any nuggets you can give me when I'm talking to Chambers?
Speaker B: He got me with one.
Speaker A: I know. And I gave him a couple, and I was like, I mainly said, ask him about bit boy.
Speaker B: We talked bit boy. Yeah, there was one. He dropped Yogita casually. He just dropped it and it kind of caught me off guard, and I melted after that one.
Speaker A: That's awesome. So check that out. Worth a listen. Our good friend Chambere does not get enough of his story told, and he deserves it. So definitely check that out. And obviously, our friend Steve, awesome interviewer as always, brings out the real personality and anybody he's talking to. So if you want to check out the very, very cuddly bear that is chamber that could not beat up Joe Rogan, please check out inside the clubhouse from yesterday. Until next time, stay.
