Speaker A: Hello, and welcome to the mint condition. I am bunchu, alongside my esteemed colleagues and co host, chamber and Des Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: Doing great, man. You know, it's Christmas season. It's, uh. You know, it's pretty cold outside. We got a lot of that, uh, that shitty winter weather hit us in. In southern Ontario here. It's. It's pretty. It's. It's pretty fucking cold, and it's very windy, and I can't enjoy my outdoor cigarettes during this holiday season, so.
Speaker A: Do you just smoke inside, like, a real g or what?
Speaker B: No, no, I can only. My wife only lets me smoke weed in the house. No cigarettes.
Speaker A: Got it. All right. I kind of just pictured your house, like, you know, walking in there, the smell of maple syrup and cigarettes and shag carpeting everywhere, and, like, you in some giant recliner with, like, chips in your beard, watching. Watching old Christmas movies, and I. You know, that's. That's how I just envisioned you.
Speaker B: Well, you know, that's a good vision, but unfortunately, not the case.
Speaker A: Des, how we doing today, buddy?
Speaker C: I'm on time. This is crazy.
Speaker A: On time, ready to rock and roll. I mean, Des, is the work scheduled over for you? Are we officially on holiday, or, like, what does it look like for you these days?
Speaker C: We're always on holiday.
Speaker D: You know what I mean?
Speaker A: I mean, I guess so. I got it. I mean, I guess holiday is a state of mind, right?
Speaker C: Absolutely.
Speaker A: Chamber, do you agree, or are you wholeheartedly?
Speaker B: I've been on holiday. My life's. Honestly, my life's been a holiday for a few years now. I'm gonna be honest.
Speaker A: You know, your. Your life's been a holiday since, like, Covid, I think at least.
Speaker B: Since COVID Yeah.
Speaker A: I mean, you went, like, two. Almost two full years of no job, and then you. So you were living like that, you know, crypto. Crypto yacht club life for a little bit, and then, uh, you finally did get a job, and it was in, like, your. Yeah. Fell into, like, your dream job. And so now you just, like, you know, go around Canada. You're like Johnny Apples. You're like Johnny Apple weed over there, you know, just going from place to place, planting seeds, and I. And selling to dispensaries, and now that's. I mean, that's it, right?
Speaker B: It's a good life.
Speaker A: Hey, I do. I do want to shout out my good friend Dow Jones down there, because, you know, I learned something about Dow today, and I think you would appreciate this about him. His favorite television show, Chamber, is. It's always sunny in Philadelphia.
Speaker B: And so I knew I liked him.
Speaker A: Yeah. You know, and here's even one better for you. Uh, not only is his favorite show always studying Philadelphia, I also found out about Dow Jones today that, uh, he is a, uh, he, like Steve, is a fellow Seinfeld hater. He does not like Seinfeld. Um, so how do you, how do.
Speaker B: You love it's always sunny, but, hey, it's Seinfeld. It's. It feel like they're. They go hand in hand.
Speaker A: Well, I mean, maybe one has drawn inspiration from another in some way, but I, you know, they're not.
Speaker B: I believe if. If. If memory serves me correct, the tagline originally for it's always sunny. Was Seinfeld on crack.
Speaker A: Well, I mean, maybe that. So what we're saying here is Dow Jones likes crack, and that's why he's a big fan of Seinfeld. So, I mean, that's the only thing that is the common denominator there, right? So big. Shouts to Dow because it's always all my favorite show. I've seen every episode an embarrassing amount of times. I also have three different Frank Reynolds paintings hanging in my living room.
Speaker B: You sure do.
Speaker A: I definitely do. So shouts to that.
Speaker B: You know what I like about you a bunch is you're the type of person that a watches, obviously good, funny stuff, but your ability to remember quotes and, you know, like, you could have asked me a million times. The only reason I know, like, what the restaurant's name is is because of you. Like the geno's.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: Like, I would never remember that. So I like a person like you in my life that reminds me of all the good quotes and how to say them correctly. And so I just want to tell you I appreciate that.
Speaker A: It's because I, like, pipe it in. It's like that show that I watch while I go to bed, so it's, like, piped into my subconscious. So, um, that's why I remember all the quotes. But, uh, Des, have you gotten into the always sunny streets yet before we actually go to, like, you know, meaningful stuff here?
Speaker D: No.
Speaker C: Hey, it's meaningful.
Speaker D: I.
Speaker C: You know, it's so crazy. I haven't. I've only seen a few episodes, never strung the entire series together. Um, but I need to. It's definitely on my to do list.
Speaker A: Well, you better get on that, because I think, you know, I think you would enjoy it. Number one. But. So I'm sending a poll out right now. As for the first, you know, poll of the day, I actually had this conversation with my wife today, and I want to know from the crowd. Tacos, are you going crunchy? Are you going crunchy or soft? Let's start this with Des. I feel like Des would have some really. I feel like Des might be, like, a taco purist and have some.
Speaker B: Well, he's out in cal. He's out in California.
Speaker A: That's what I mean. Like, he's got, like, cilantro and his, like, you know, he just puts cilantro on his breakfast and shit. You know, his grass.
Speaker B: His lawn is cilantro. Like, he mows his lawn, his cilantro lawn every day.
Speaker A: Des.
Speaker C: Yeah, I. No comment. I can't. I can't out my cilantro front lawn.
Speaker A: So which is it? Are you going crunchy or soften?
Speaker C: Oh, soft. Sorry. Is absolutely soft. There's no question.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker D: Chamber.
Speaker A: I feel like you'd be a crunchy guy.
Speaker C: White person taco Tuesday night. Definitely go crunchy, but no, 99% of the time it's soft.
Speaker A: Steve with the fist up there. So it sounds like Steve's a soft taco guy. Chamber. I feel like you might be a hard taco guy if I feel like I give you.
Speaker B: I give Harden taco shell energy out. But I'm actually.
Speaker A: You do. You do. You give hard shell energy.
Speaker B: But I'm actually soft taco. I love. I love soft taco. That's. That's the only way I have them if it's the option. That's what I'm taking.
Speaker A: Interesting. Let us know. Vote in the poll and maybe in the comments. If you. If you so have. If you have a really hot take on tacos, I'd love to hear it.
Speaker D: The.
Speaker A: I'm actually also soft taco guy. So interesting. I mean, are we really witnessing the death of the crunchy taco in real time? Like, is there anyone out there, like, yes or no, thumbs up for a crunchy taco? Because I don't know. We swept the floor unsopped. All right. Outer lumens got crunchy. Dow's going crunchy. Steve. Steve, are you. You're a soft taco guy. I have a feeling. Bundy, crunchy dobbins. All right, there's some good. There's some. There's plenty of crunchy people out there. All right, so the crunchy taco is not dead. J web, uh, get in here and give a taco take. I know you got one.
Speaker E: So I've done a lot of in depth analysis on this. The problem with the crunchy taco is the bottom always splits, and you get.
Speaker B: All over the 100%.
Speaker E: So what you got to do is you got to do a crunchy inside of sauce, so you get the difference.
Speaker D: In texture, and you get the meat.
Speaker E: And the cheese and the salsa, so everything stays in there, but you still get the textural difference.
Speaker A: So does the. Does the soft go on the outside or the outside?
Speaker E: Yeah, if you're feeling real spicy, you get a layered, you know, like Taco Bell style. You just get a little cheese between the soft and the crunchy switch.
Speaker B: Real, real goodness.
Speaker E: And that's how you do it.
Speaker B: This is a free show. This is a free show.
Speaker A: Exactly. The funny thing here is, like, we're, you know, this is supposed to be a web three nft show where we talk about, you know, innovations in tech, and I think we just had one. I think this was a innovation in taco technology, just giving life advice.
Speaker E: I mean, you're gonna be a better person by coming to this show.
Speaker A: I agree. Look at you. Jweb bringing the heat. Outer lumen taco takes. Yeah.
Speaker F: I just wanted to say that there's another way to get crunchy taco alpha so it doesn't split, and that is line the bottom with something like lettuce, and then it won't actually. It'll be waterproof. So if you have all of your, like, sauce and whatever else you put in there, um, it won't split or get soggy.
Speaker A: Oh, so it's not gonna get soggy?
Speaker F: No, it won't. Yeah. So you have to just line it with something that's waterproof, like a vegetable, and it's good to go.
Speaker A: Crunchy taco Alpha was not something I thought we'd say on the show today, but I'm not at all surprised. So far, the poll has 69% nice soft taco enthusiast 16% crunchy taco Steve taco takes a. Yeah. Or are you, like, a fellow cilantro grass guy?
Speaker D: Well, first of all, it was hilarious. Cause normally you're pretty quick witted, but you're like, Des is probably fancy with his tacos. He probably eats them with cilantro. I'm like, oh. Like, it's just. Cilantro's like this super rare fancy. Like, it was. Chamber kind of bailed you out.
Speaker A: Chamber bailed you out, dude, you're so right. Oh, my God, you're so right.
Speaker D: You're like, with your cilantro sour cream. Yeah.
Speaker A: So right.
Speaker D: That dovetails into my taco take. So I'll put the heat back on myself on this. So, two things. One, j web gave the alpha that I was going to give. So you front ran me a little bit where I'll like, do either a soft around a crunchy. I prefer soft if I have to choose, or I'll like slide. Today I ate a quesadilla and what I did was I slid like some tortilla chips. So you get a little crunch while you're in there. It's a, it's a, it's a professional move. My hot taco take, though, is that sour cream is not only disgusting, but it's for weak people. Eat your stock. Eat your tacos. Spicy like an adult. That's my answer.
Speaker A: Wow, dude. My wife is a sour cream enthusiast.
Speaker D: Sour cream maxi.
Speaker A: Yeah, she is. She's a sour cream maxi. So she will not like this.
Speaker B: See, I like a hot taco, but I do like, I think you can incorporate sour cream and still have a spicy taco, weak.
Speaker A: So. Okay, here's a follow up question, then we'll move on from tacos. Even though I feel like this, we could talk for an hour about this chamber. You're going through a des. I want yours as well. You're going through a taco bell drive through and they ask you if you're, if you would like sauce. Are you going no sauce, mild, hot or whatever? The fire.
Speaker F: Fire.
Speaker B: Fire sauce.
Speaker D: Bunch of you.
Speaker A: So that shows my, you know, aversion for spicy stuff. I've said this many times that I'm like, totally a baby back bitch when it comes.
Speaker B: And fire, honestly, is not even that spicy. Fire is like, okay, I can take.
Speaker A: So you guys are all going top tier on fire. Des you as well, specifically to Taco Bell.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, I'm going. I'm going medium. I'm taking it a step down.
Speaker A: Interesting. Yeah, I guess I am a wuss on the fire stuff, but J. Webb, you go on fire.
Speaker E: I'm going fire. I just want to take a quick backtrack to the sour cream for a second.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker E: If you're a gringo, you need to try crema at some point instead of sour cream. It's a little bit thinner than sour cream, but has a better taste to it. So I'm just going to toss that out there. Another pro tip when it comes to.
Speaker A: Tacos, certainly a gringo over here.
Speaker E: Steve, what is with the thumbs down?
Speaker D: Just not a fan of sour cream. And crema doesn't do it. And fire sauce, by the way, not only do I recommend the tower, the taco bell fire sauce, I got a thing for my house of taco bell fire sauce that actually came in a bottle, really, which I kept in my refrigerator, and I ate it for breakfast with some chicken and. And some. Some chicken and some Monterey jack cheese or something. So fire sauce is where it's at.
Speaker A: That's incredible. I actually had. My wife is a big fan of the chick fil a sauce, and I bought her, I found out in the wild, like, a bottle of the chick fil a sauce and brought that home. So we had that in our, uh, in our refrigerator for a bit. So all about those, like, you know, branded sauces in the wild. Um, so good on you for getting some fire sauce in your kitchen and eating it for breakfast. Very on brand for you.
Speaker D: Um, and real quick, on the fire, on the chick fil a sauce. Now I'm realizing what a disgusting human I am and why I'm out of shape, because I actually have all the varieties of chick fil a sauce in my current. In my. I have the Polynesian, the chick fil a.
Speaker A: Come on.
Speaker D: Swear to God. I'll take a picture and I'll, like, post it in the chat is literally in my fridge. We don't currently have the fire sauce because that's hard to find a hot commodity, but every variety. I'll take a picture and post it in the chat for free.
Speaker A: That's fantastic. All right, let's get into something that somebody asked me today on Twitter about an hour ago, that good thing they did, because otherwise we'd have had no actual web three content and just talked tacos this entire time. But I need. I want everybody's crowdsourced opinion on this, because I. This was a tough question and I gave my opinion, but I'm not sure I was correct or if this would be a hot take. So at moonrise, Eth said to me earlier, bunch, you would love your opinion on two things. NFA right now, would you buy a squiggle or a mutant, assuming you have 1520 eth to spend looking for the best one year roi? Or would you just hold off and wait? And then the second version of this was. And because I. It changed my answer, hearing both of these. Uh, would you liquidate three clones and add some eth to buy a punk? Or hold the clones and use the eth on something like the squiggler mutants could also liquidate some moonbirds. Uh, just wondering if owning a punk is better or worse than holding several clones or moonbirds. So my initial take was, I think I'd rather have a squiggle. But then when you threw, like, also getting the punk in. It changed my mind, and I ended up saying that I would rather have a punk and a mutant than as the final package with all of those things considered. And I'm wondering what other people are thinking on that, because I feel like that might not be the. The take that most people would have chamber. Which would you rather have on taking all those things into consideration?
Speaker B: That was. Honestly, there was a lot of things to take into consideration there. So just give me a tldr again. I'm getting.
Speaker A: Okay, one best first. Best one year roi. Do you think it would be in a squiggle or a mutant?
Speaker B: I think a mutant.
Speaker A: Okay. And then two, if you could, if you had multiple, like moonbirds or clone x, would you liquidate any of those and add a little eth to have a punk, or would you rather own multiples of those?
Speaker B: Oh, no, definitely liquidate and get a punk.
Speaker A: Interesting. Okay, so that's basically how I answered as well. Des, thoughts?
Speaker C: Well, okay, definitely mutant for the one year Roi. But. But I'm confused on the second piece. Like, three clones isn't even close to a punk.
Speaker F: I was also confused.
Speaker A: He said, add some, eat. It's caveat.
Speaker F: Clones. 20 e the piece. What happened here? What did I miss?
Speaker E: Yeah, you gotta have, like, 45 e. What's the clone?
Speaker A: 20 a clone is like six e.
Speaker F: That was like three clones.
Speaker A: I don't know. Maybe they've got. Maybe they've got a. Maybe they've got a bunch of clones.
Speaker C: Sprinkles some eth on that and you get a clone or you get a punch, man. So I don't know. That's a dumb question, but I'm gonna take the punk anyways.
Speaker A: All right, so you'd rather have the punk then? Well, how about let's just make it an even swap and say it's a punk's worth of clones or punks worth of moon birds. You still taking the punk?
Speaker C: Absolutely.
Speaker A: All right, I would too.
Speaker C: Exclusivity.
Speaker A: Outer. Outer. What would you choose?
Speaker F: Definitely the mutant for the first one. And then I like it kind of changed a bit because when you first said three, I was like, wait, what? Because neither three moonbirds nor three clones off the floor will get you anywhere near close to a punk.
Speaker A: But at one point, at 1.1, moonbird almost got you there. But rip.
Speaker F: Yeah, yeah. Oh, I know, I know. Believe me, I think so. So I would love. This is hard. Okay. From, like, a collector perspective. Totally the punk. However. However, think about, like, if you are going to go like, you're definitely not holding three clone x's. You're holding, like, a bag of them. The same with moonbirds, right? Because at least what I think is 60 eth still, or 65 or something. I can't remember. So, like, in that case, any rise in that floor, you can start offloading them, right? Even if they rise, like, you know, an Eth or two Eth or whatever. So from a pan am, like, from a DJ and flipping perspective, I would probably keep, like, the bag of moonbirds or whatever, but from a collector perspective, 100% funk.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's. I mean, that's probably the best. The correct answer, I would say, because you can. You can profit off of some of them without having to sell your one and only item. But I totally agree with you from the collector's perspective. So the current floor on a punk is 62.72 eth. Just for the record there, Steve, I'm curious if you would have the same opinion.
Speaker D: I mean, I think I'm with chamber that the ROI and the mutant is going to be higher because there's just going to be pops and announcements, technically, but my answer would be a punk. Just because it's a punk, it's like, I don't a punk. And I would just. For me, it's like, I don't have to think or pay attention to the market or track anything. I just have something I can hold forever until there's a high enough floor that I feel like I really want to sell it. So the punks just. It's an easy. Set it and forget it move where you feel good about something that's held up historically over four or five years.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's fair. I think I might make the case that a squiggle over if you had to hold it literally for one year and couldn't sell it at any other point during the year, I think the squiggle might get you a better roi, but I think you're right on. Just what we know coming out for mutants right now with Jimmy the monkey and whatever the. What is it? Chamber. What do you call it?
Speaker B: I don't know anymore.
Speaker A: With all the announcements? Yeah, with all the announcements coming out, I think there will be, you know, like you said, steve, like, harder pumps on them, which is interesting. So. But if. I think if I had to bet. If I had to hold it literally through December 31 of next year, I think you would have a higher floor price on a squiggle, potentially.
Speaker C: I kind of want to figure out a good way to make this bet. With you and figure out a good wager.
Speaker A: Okay, let's try it. Think about it, because I'm down to make sure.
Speaker D: Eat some spicy ass shit if that's the answer.
Speaker A: Side note, one fantasy football year, I used to run a punishment league. And I don't know, I no longer run the punishment league because I ran it for two years and came in last place both times. So I was tired of getting punished. But the first one, nod to always sunny in Philadelphia and Dow Jones. I had to eat cat food live on stream. Two cans of cat food on stream. I ate a whole toucan. Oh, God.
Speaker B: What? Do you remember what the brand was?
Speaker A: Yeah, it was whatever. I buy my cats, so, fancy feast.
Speaker F: What do you digest better, that or the spicy taco bell?
Speaker A: Definitely the cat food, which is really weird.
Speaker D: He's like, he's actually quite nice. I've eaten cat food several times since. Actually, it was a discovery moment.
Speaker A: I actually never bash on Steve's breakfast takes. That's because I have cat food every morning. So I think people actually eat cat food, like, legit. Yeah, I think so too. And, you know, definitely dog food. I would think. What's. Which would you rather eat, chamber dog food or cat food?
Speaker B: Probably cat food.
Speaker A: Is this, is this in line with your anti dog?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think it is. Like, the. Even the dog food is worse than the cat food. Just like dogs are worse than cats.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: I think. But I think I do think, like, the food is probably better. Bro, this guy knows what I'm talking about.
Speaker E: Haven't you watched always sunny enough to know that cat food will send you into, like, a trance?
Speaker A: That's right. It puts you right.
Speaker B: It's a vicious cycle.
Speaker A: You put, you eat the cat food and you, you have some glue and you go, right, the. So the poll on tacos is just about to close. We've got soft tacos still with a 6436 lead, uh, with three minutes remaining. So soft tacos, crushing it. Um, interesting. So I'm glad we had the varying takes here, but punks, man, I still want to punk. I wish I could afford. I fumbled. Punk like, my punk, uh, capabilities.
Speaker B: You never owned one?
Speaker A: No. And I, you know, like, it was right around the only time I could have, like, really bought one. Actually, that's not true. There was a couple times where I could have. But the first time, when they were, like, 19 eth before they went, like, catastrophic, like, stratosphere level, I was, like, two or three eth away, and I just, like, couldn't afford it. And then they just got away with get away from me, and I never was able to again. But I don't know. I'm surprised Des never owned a punk. Des, you don't ever, ever had a punk?
Speaker C: It was. It's just I'm not that group. Like, I don't consider myself that far of an Og, so I always felt like a poser trying to be a part of it. So I.
Speaker A: That's an interesting take.
Speaker C: I felt like my generation of when I got into NFTs is more representative of bored apes.
Speaker A: So that's the. So would you. So that's a good question, then. Was. So would you rather have a board ape over a punk?
Speaker C: Yeah, probably. Yeah.
Speaker B: Did you never buy a classic car?
Speaker A: Okay, fair question back.
Speaker B: I only buy new.
Speaker A: Outer Lumen. I feel like you've got a good take on this. Go ahead.
Speaker F: Oh, I just wanted to say that when I finally get my punk, it will be my PFP, and I will stop changing my pfps.
Speaker A: Oh, it'll be your forever.
Speaker F: Well, this is it. Like, if you know me, you know, I change. Like, I can change a PFP, like, five times in a space. Like, my change rate is huge. It's why I will never get Twitter blue or verified, because they won't let me. And I'm okay with that because I love collecting.
Speaker A: Yeah, you had an MF for last week.
Speaker F: You got it. I'll have, like, all kinds of things. I'm obsessed. I love all kinds of communities, and I'm happy to rep them, but. But. But when I get my punk, it'll be forever. That'll be the end of my PFP. Shifting ways.
Speaker B: Speak it into existence. I love it.
Speaker A: That's right. Manifest it. Steve, you had to take.
Speaker D: This is totally unrelated, but I. You were talking. This is now outdated, but back to.
Speaker A: God damn it. No more grandma.
Speaker D: No, it was. It was. It was based on punishment bets, because I thought you'd appreciate a good punishment bet. And maybe this room could, since we're talking about it.
Speaker A: This room is a punishment. If you're here right now, you're here. You've lost a beta.
Speaker D: There's a. The number one sports podcast. Pardon my take. They do this thing every year where they, like, pick against the spread every week, and they have to pick a winner, an underdog, a favorite, like, over and under or something. And they all have to make picks. And at the end of the year, just to make sure there's no manipulation, they have a punishment for second place, I believe. Or it's, like, third place. And like last place or something. So it's basically like that way there's no manipulation that goes on or shenanigans. Their punishment. This year they're locking you in a bowling alley and you can't leave until you get a perfect 300 game.
Speaker A: But oh my God.
Speaker D: For last place, you get five pins taken off for each hot dog you eat. And for second, last place, the second place person who has to go because again, second. And like last go, you get ten pins taken off your target score for each hot dog. Eaton. So it's like this, like weird. And I think they added a miller.
Speaker A: Oh my God.
Speaker D: Because they're a sponsor, but like imagine that. And they're like at the end of 12 hours you leave and come back the next day, but they're locking you in a bowling alley. So these people are going to feel like crap from eating like twelve hot dogs in a day and that's it.
Speaker A: This is incredible, this bowling all day. We should so like at one of these conferences we should have something in which we do something like this. Like, you know, have to have five hole and ones at doodle putt or something, you know, where just like some kind of punishment bet like this with like either the founders or people in the community. I think it would be freaking hilarious. Content. The other, this reminds me of the one that I saw of the dude had to spend 24 hours in a waffle house.
Speaker B: I saw that one.
Speaker A: And yeah. And he got 1 hour off of his time for every waffle he ate. Chamber. How long in that scenario would you be in the waffle?
Speaker B: Those waffle house waffles were pretty big.
Speaker A: Like they're not, they're, they're big, they're not thick.
Speaker B: They're like uh, they're like three and a half agos. I would say like that was my ratio.
Speaker A: Like that's fair.
Speaker D: Um, that's pretty good eggo math off the top of your head. Chamber. That was actually really, I was, I was getting ready to challenge it and be like three in it because I.
Speaker A: Just want it actually three and a quarter eggs. Yeah.
Speaker D: My reaction was to argue with chamber, but like actually I think that's probably about right.
Speaker B: Yeah. So I don't know how many in the course. I think I could get out of there in. I feel like I could be out of there within like 6 hours.
Speaker A: Like, wow. So that would mean you would need to eat.
Speaker B: So you're there for 6 hours so you don't only have to eat 18, right.
Speaker A: You could eat 18 hours in 6 hours.
Speaker B: I feel like that's okay. That's.
Speaker E: That's so many waffles.
Speaker B: What?
Speaker A: I think. I think I'd be there for probably like 10 hours.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker D: I was gonna say twelve. I was gonna say twelve. Like, I feel like you would eat like four or five immediately. Then you'd be like, fuck. I should have paced myself and you'd have to chill for a. Yeah, like.
Speaker B: I could crush how many. What would my pace need to be for 6 hours? I would need to do what?
Speaker A: Three waffles an hour. Three an hour or no, three an hour easily.
Speaker B: Maybe 5 hours.
Speaker A: You know what? Maybe I could too. Should we do this?
Speaker B: I'm doing it tonight just for fun, just to see if I can do it.
Speaker D: If we want to do this as like a crew, I'm actually down to try the waffle house bed if we want to get a group together and see, because I think, I think you need to figure out a strategy and a pacing and, like, what you're putting in your body. And the question is, and this would have to be in the honor system, are you allowed to have performance enhancers both on you or, like, smoking weed?
Speaker A: What's a performance?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: Chamber.
Speaker D: What the fuck?
Speaker A: Wait a second.
Speaker D: Yeah, but you're like, you're taking wind straw for this. Eth.
Speaker E: Denver could be a great opportunity to do this if you guys are coming out for that. Like, we got plenty of weed here. We got waffles.
Speaker B: Denver doesn't fool around with their weed either. Like, they're, they're, they're serious play. That's a serious place to smoke weed.
Speaker D: I have a strategy that I'm not going to disclose. But, like, if there's no. If there's no rules against that, I think I could do it quicker than I have a plan now. Like, I think we need to try.
Speaker A: What are you gonna, like, kobayashi them and dump them in, dunk them in water and just like, just gull at them?
Speaker D: So if you'll see, if you eat.
Speaker F: Your waffle with sour cream on it, is that a two, is that a two hour, two hour deduction that you can get the fuck out or do.
Speaker A: You have to, like, I would be down for that. If you. If you are gonna eat the waffle with sour cream on it, you get cat flaw. 2 hours. Cat food is three out.
Speaker G: Steve, I'm confused. You realize they don't serve chicken picotta there, correct? Like, these are waffles.
Speaker A: Yeah, waffles and breakfast food.
Speaker D: I actually love a good waffle. Waffles are far superior to pancakes. It's a. It's a good. It's a good choice. It's just. It's just not my preferred go to. To eat a big pastry in the morning. But waffles are fantastic. And again, far superior to pancakes.
Speaker A: I don't remember how we got. Oh, the punishment. Yes. I would do this. I would definitely do this. I would be really. I think it would be really fun. You know what we should do is we should actually all get together at a waffle house and do this with a live show. Like, we should actually be doing a live Twitter spaces as we are doing this, and do a marathon spaces. And the first one out wins. That's it.
Speaker D: Or, no, like a charity telethon. Yeah, there needs to be a loser bet for the last person in. In the loser bet. So it's like.
Speaker A: Has to stay the whole time, no matter how many they. Yeah.
Speaker D: Cause imagine you're just like, yeah, we're out of there. Steve's still fucking in there. He has five more waffles to go, like that. Loser. And then like, yeah, there could be, like, another built on loser bet on top of it.
Speaker A: I think the loser bet would have to be, you have to spend the whole 24 hours there, no matter how many you ate, that you're just screwed. And you're gonna have to. Yeah. You know, the thing about spending time in a waffle house is most of the times, you know, that I've been to a waffle house has just been a delightful experience. They always welcome you when you come in and, you know, they talk to you. They're. They're just great at the Waffle house, by the way, TMC, sponsored by the Waffle house. Thank you for joining us today. We've spent half an hour talking about. We should. We did get a little NFT talk in there. We. But mostly tacos and now waffles. But chamber. I did want to bring up the experience that we had last night together. Taco shops.
Speaker B: The taquerias.
Speaker A: Fuck those. No, no, no. Taco shop talk. Yeah, we're serving them, right? I don't. I don't get it.
Speaker B: Like, we caught a stray.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm sorry, you said taco shops. And so I just. Yeah, I mean, we could be anti taco shop if we want some of them. Some of them.
Speaker D: Apparently, the first anti taco shop podcast, which I do not stand with, I disavow, because I am pro taco shop.
Speaker A: So I've always been pro taco shop, especially at like taco carts. I'm definitely pro taco shop.
Speaker D: Tony's like, gotta hear both sides.
Speaker A: Can Steve really be pro taco if.
Speaker D: He'S anti sour cream?
Speaker A: That's t ro I've been waiting for.
Speaker B: That's a strong point.
Speaker A: This is the hero we need. Yes. This is the hero we need. Chamber. You and I had an interesting experience together last week.
Speaker B: Sure did.
Speaker A: And. Yeah. And I tweeted about this, and I said, true friendship is when your friend texts you and asks your wife to lie to their children for you. And so I think this goes back to what we were talking about last week on the show, specifically about your Christmas take, and even more so, specifically about your relationship with your children and Santa Claus. And I thought you were anti lying to your kids about Santa until last night.
Speaker B: Well, you know me. I flip flop on my opinions very, very rapidly. Yeah, yeah. So I gotta keep my voice down here.
Speaker A: I was wondering if that was going to be a problem.
Speaker B: No, not too bad. I think we'll be okay. But, yeah. So yesterday, went to watch my youngest daughter at a Christmas concert at her school. And then we found out while we were there that they were shutting down the school today. They were supposed to go to school today, but they were shutting it down. We had a whole plan for Christmas. I'm sure a lot of you do a lot of traveling, so we do our Christmas, like, with my immediate family, with my wife and kids. We usually do it prior to us leaving for the Christmas weekend. So we had this plan in place, but all of a sudden, because the school got shut down, fuck this up. So we needed a reason. We needed to alert our children that Santa Claus was coming last night and try to make it as authentic as possible. So, you know, my wife and I were. We come downstairs, my office, we start plotting, and, you know, we're like, well, we need somebody to text you that hasn't, like, with no history. And I'm like, I got it. We'll ask, you know, bunch's wife to text me. I said, let me. Let me text him right now. So I text you. I said, hey, can you do me a favor? Can you have Laura text major? Yeah, major favor. Because this was all, like, fast, fast, fast. Like, this happened quick, quick. And I said, you know, can you have Laura text me as Santa? And I said, I'll provide you, like, what to say. Just have her the copy. Just have her send it to me. So I created. So as she texts me, I create a new contact. You know, Santa Claus put a little image in my phone so it looks nice and legit. And, yeah, I showed the kids. I said, you know, I just got this. Just got this text from Santa. He's coming tonight. We got to get shit ready. So I said, you know, do you think we have. You know, I asked him, I'm like, do you think we can get this done? They said, yep. So I said. I said, well, let's send a video back to Santa, letting him know. And they were very excited, and it went off as seamlessly as possible. Like, it was. It was perfect. She was great.
Speaker A: Interesting. I was wondering if they. If they bought it 100%.
Speaker B: And, I mean, your wife was fantastic. She participated wholeheartedly. It was great.
Speaker A: Des, do you agree or disagree with the tactic here that chamber used here to call the audible and have strangers wives or have friends wives text his kids kids as Santa Claus, anything goes.
Speaker C: In love and war, in pretending Santa.
Speaker B: Claus still is real.
Speaker A: I agree. I gotta say, chamber, what was your backup plan if I didn't respond to you within, like, 30 seconds?
Speaker B: I'm gonna be honest. I didn't have one. I did not have one. I'm sure we would have come up with something, but.
Speaker A: So the reason I really wanted you to tell this story was because on this show a couple weeks ago, you said you didn't believe in lying your kids about saying so a lot. And not only that, but you've now planned an elaborate series in which other people are lying to your children.
Speaker B: So a lot's happened since that comment, because I want to say, like, like, four or five nights ago, my oldest daughter, who's nine, and, like, I feel like that's. That's the age. I don't know about you guys, but I feel like 8910 is like, it could happen at any point. And she looked me dead in the face. We were watching a little tv before bed, and she's like, do you believe in Santa? I was just like, oh, shit.
Speaker A: Oh, shit.
Speaker B: Do you believe in Santa? She's like, yeah. I'm like. I'm like, do your friends. I'm like, yeah, I believe in Santa. It was tough.
Speaker A: So you recommitted to the film?
Speaker B: It was. It was tearing me apart, man. It was tearing me apart. I didn't know what to do.
Speaker A: You're in it, so you are. You are, in fact, all talk.
Speaker B: All talk, no walk.
Speaker A: So before we go to outer, I have to say, my. I appreciated the hustle that you pulled last night because it reminds me of my dad, and I was the kid that believed in Santa. Like, literally. I don't know what you doubled, like, 2020. Like, I literally believed in Santa until 2020 because of the lengths that my father would go to, like, defy my little brain's logic on how literally anything but Santa existing could be real. Like, we used to go. We used to. You know, we were born. I was born in New Jersey. We moved out to Illinois for a while, and so we would always come back to New Jersey for the holidays. And he would pull such elaborate tricks to have things be at our house in Illinois, like, under the tree when we got back. So much so that, like, one year, the year that I actually found out that Santa did nothing exist, we came home and there was, like, you know, a trail of, like, footprints or whatever down the stairs into the basement, and there was this, like, ready to go put together Papa shot there. And. And I was. Yeah, I was so pumped. And then, you know, we had buddies that live next door, and they came over to play with it the next day, and they were like, yeah, we helped put this together. And I was like, what? I was like. I was like, no, you didn't, you little fucking liar. This is from Santa. I was like, Santa brought me this in there. And the guy's like, oh, buddy, bro, you're shaving.
Speaker B: You're shaving.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. He's like, you want a beer? You need this. We need to talk. Thrift stores, man. You see the old Santa's, they and elves that they portray or whatever. Whatever. It's kind of disturbing, actually. The. I mean, thrift store. Thrift stores and taco shops we are and thrift store santas. But, like, the. I believed for far too long because of the depths that he would go to Trinity. And, like, I never figured out how he, like, did it until the kid told me that he put it together. Like, him and his dad, like, literally went into my house while we were not home and put together this toy all for the bit. And I so, like, I appreciate.
Speaker B: I need an age and I'm gonna need an age.
Speaker A: I was. I was probably, shit, 14. Yeah. I was like, yeah. Oh, yeah, I know. No joke. He was good. So I respect it. Outer will go to you first and then Steve.
Speaker F: So a couple of things. I have an eleven year old, and so Santa had to get hella fucking digital pretty fast here.
Speaker A: Oh.
Speaker F: Because the eleven year old was like, I don't want physical stuff. I live on Roblox, so last year I watercolor and I created this. Like, what would Santa do if he was giving a kid Roblox?
Speaker A: Oh, my God.
Speaker F: I love this rendition. So I painted this, like, really weird ass fucking, like shit I would never do, ever. I had to go online and look at, like, grandma Christmas painting watercolor stuff, and I, like, made a rendition of, like, a Roblox card type thing that Santa delivered. But of course, like, divide went in during the night and, like, maxed out his Roblox account with, like, Roblox Robux. And we're doing it again this year. Santa is also arriving with some Roblox. But I'm not doing that card fucking thing anymore because, like, that was ridiculous. But that's kind of, like, where Santa had to go because, you know, as the interests change. But, I mean, our kid now knows Santa is not real, and that's fine, because as soon as he asked, I was like, no, he's not real now.
Speaker A: You know?
Speaker B: But, yeah, yeah, cold blooded.
Speaker F: Well, this is why. And this is more important. So I have a friend named Rachel, and when she told me this story, like, a while back, I literally felt so fucking bad. And I decided in my mind that, like, I will never do this to my kid. She was a kid that had her parents, like, full on do the Santa thing like you guys are talking about, but that actually caused mom. Well, one of the things that she remembered from being in school is, like, fist clench. Defending that Santa is real because of how much she trusts her parents.
Speaker A: This was me.
Speaker F: Yeah, but it cost her a social life. And, like, she full on PTSD from, like, being bullied at school for causing, like, that moment in school, and it actually had a negative, like, impact on her as a kid. Like, legit negative. Yeah, it's sad. And so I'm just like, oh, my God. My kid trusts me so much that if I fuck that up and he goes out to bat for something I'm telling him is true, then that's fucked up, and I never want to do that to him.
Speaker B: That's a good. Very good point, because I feel. I feel that that's a. That's what I struggle with.
Speaker A: Well, your qualifying question. Your qualifying question was correct. Then chamber was, do your friends believe? And she said yes. So she kind of gave you the green light to keep it going. And if she said no, you would have had a much harder time.
Speaker B: I think, oh, no, you're 100% right. I think outer, you're right on the money. I think you have to find that balance of, like, you're going to teeter over that point where it's just, like, you don't want to be you don't want to be right.
Speaker F: You know what I mean?
Speaker A: It's a great point. Look.
Speaker F: You guys do not have my back. Fuck you guys.
Speaker B: But it is fun. That being said, though, playing devil's advocate, I love the idea of Bunch's dad going insane with, like, the. With the secret squirrel stuff. You know what I mean? I like that dude.
Speaker A: He was so good. He was so good at it. And I mean, like, whatever. I was that kid, though. I was like, you know, I was like. I was like, it can't be. And then stuff like that would happen, and I would be like, I don't see any other logical. That's fair how this happens. And, like, I don't see any other scientific fact that would say, this is not true. So, you know, he did a good job. I turned out okay.
Speaker B: You're the host of a mediocre cryptocurrency podcast.
Speaker A: Or if you could call it that.
Speaker F: If I add one more tiny thing to the Santa discussion before Steve goes. Divide and I were talking about this recently. So Google has this Santa tracker, right? And Santa tracker, if you track it, tells you where Santa is going, and it maps the location Santa has visited. It goes by country and divide. And I deeply thought about this as a guest. You know, our weirder relationship. We do these things late at night. We're like, so guess what? And we realized we're like, wait. But, like, Santa Claus, as that concept does not exist everywhere on December 25. Like, that's just not real. I know this because I wasn't. I didn't grow up in North America. And, like, there is no December 25 or I grew up. It's celebrating.
Speaker B: There's definitely a December 25 where you grow up.
Speaker A: It's just not Christmas.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker F: That's what I mean. It's not. It's not celebrated that way. So one of the things that was interesting in Google is, like, they're all like, yeah, we're going to be inclusive by having Santa travel to every country. But yet that's just, like, not representative of how, like, every country actually works. In fact, why didn't they just take the countries that have that as an official holiday December 25 and only have it visit there? But then kids are like, but Santa goes everywhere, right? So we totally had this, like, philosophical discussion of, like, Santa's existence to the people that upkeep that versus, like, technology and, like, the actual realism of, like, where Christmas is celebrated in all different countries and the different ways that it is anyway.
Speaker A: Oh, my God.
Speaker F: That was so fucking funny. But also, we totally shaded Google on that. Google should have just done, like, just making the actual countries that do December 25.
Speaker A: Anyway, I have a feeling like, that is something that I think AI will solve in the future.
Speaker F: A database solves that bunch. Come on.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, that's true. But, like, you know, you could be. I mean, that's true. AI. Santa is happening. Now, Steve, before you correct us and tell us that it's Kris Kringle or, you know, old Saint Nick and not actually Santa Claus, get in here. Tell us your Santa takes. Yeah.
Speaker D: No one. I thought it was funny. Again, not to keep ragged on you a little bit today, but you're.
Speaker A: This is. This is what it is. Like, I shared that for this purpose because I knew I would get made fun of force.
Speaker D: You said at the age of 14. You're like, I saw no scientific evidence Santa didn't exist. Like, ignoring the flying reindeers and the magical chimney man. You're like, it, it all.
Speaker A: It all.
Speaker D: You don't understand.
Speaker A: You don't understand the lengths that my father went to. How do you. He. Dude. Dude literally bought a reindeer farm and he still has it to this day. And. But no, you know, I guess that's. That's very true.
Speaker D: No, anyway, it's amazing. No, it's amazing. And I actually. I agree. I'm doing a lot of agreeing with chamber today. I agree with chamber wholeheartedly that if, like. Like, normally, I think it's a little. But the length that your dad went, it's like, there comes a point when you're like, all right, is getting ridiculous to. This is awesome. And your dad crossed over into this is awesome territory, so appreciate and respect that. Now, that said, I have an eleven and eight year old and they found out Tuesday. Oh, yeah.
Speaker A: Well, we.
Speaker D: And it's. We could have kept it from our son because our daughter's really good at keeping secrets. But, like, we're just like, whatever, let's just tell them both. The funny part is a couple things. One, we suspect. This is why, you know, that I'm like. I'm like, the worst liar and could never, like, commit a crime because, like, I. We suspected. We're like, they know what they say. Like, one night, one day on the elves and the shelves, like, my daughter was like, that's not a safe place for them. And I'm like, why are you telling me? You should be telling me. Elves. And, like, I was like. And, like, of course she wasn't really telling me. She like. Or she really was saying it so the elves could hear and stuff. So I didn't know. So we had all these things that we thought. And my son is, like, very smart and picks up on logical things, so we're, like, sure that he knew. So we, like, pull them together. And not only did we tell them and they didn't know, and we were wrong. And this shows how guilty are. Not only were we wrong, like, my daughter had gotten into an argument with her friends at school about it.
Speaker A: Oh, the same thing that outer just said.
Speaker D: Yeah, exactly. Like, literally, like, her friend Tristan's like, santa's not real. And my daughter and Tom, her other friend, their other, like, friend in one of their friend group is like, the fuck are you talking about? Of course he's real. And, like, my son was so. Believed it so much that we're like, guys, like, what do you think about snow, about Santa? And my daughter, like, goes, that he's real. Kind of like, what are you about to say? And my son's like, we tell him. And my son goes, like, he's catching us. My son goes, then how do you explain the elves? And I'm like, I got some bad news for you, buddy. Every time you go to sleep, we're moving those things. We forget and sometimes rush down at, like, four in the morning and we fucking hate those elves. And basically, like, my kids found out. Now, here's the good part. So the guy Tom, I mentioned, who also was with my daughter arguing the case for Santa, we know their parents. Tom's finding out tonight. So we know that for a fact. So, like, it's. But, like, we felt so she. Because, like, they said very matter of factly, which is like, the. This is, like, the version of, like, I'm not mad. I'm just disappointed. My daughter and my son both collectively said to us in different ways, very matter of factly. Like, I mean, yeah, I mean, you just ruined Christmas. But that's all I'm, like, getting now.
Speaker F: Because Santa doesn't bring stuff on top of the parents bringing stuff. Like, do you, like, do you have to or. Because that would be the biggest disappointment, right? Like, well, I get. I get rogged. I get less gifts.
Speaker A: We totally.
Speaker D: That's why they were pretending. Like, our assumption was, like, they're pretending to get more gifts. My mom thought so. We thought so. And when we found out that not only did they know, but they challenged us on it, we're like. Like, we felt sick for the rest of the night. We're like, we could have kept this thing going, but. But it's also a nice burden to have off your chest. Chamber. I will say this, because now we don't have to worry about the dancing around that and the elves become more of a game or.
Speaker A: No, but, like. But for real, though. How do you explain the elves? I don't know. How they move in my house.
Speaker B: Every magic.
Speaker A: Magic. How do. Well, it was in a different spot yesterday than it was today. Tell me, Steve, how does that happen? Because I didn't do it.
Speaker D: Well, yeah, exactly. It doesn't make any sense. So it's like, I don't know. Yeah, scientifically, you can't find any reason bunch you to push back on it.
Speaker A: That's right. All right, cilantro, we're going, we're going, we're going. James, Jeremiah, and then Joe and I'm just waiting. I realized we didn't, like, put any disclaimer on this conversation. I'm really hoping we didn't ruin it for somebody's kid that's listening, so I hope that's not the case.
Speaker G: GM bunch. Ladies, gentlemen. Chamber. I was coming up because I thought we were going to roast. Chamber. I always get confused on these now, and so I was all prepared. I do have to hop down soon. We've got our fashion Fridays. But I did want to say, sincerely, merry Christmas, happy holidays, whatever it is that you all celebrate. What an incredible year. I really sincerely appreciate all of you. I did this this morning when I jumped up with Cap and Steve, and I just want to continue to do it as much as I can, and that that includes everybody listening, and that's part of this family that I do consider a family or an extension of my current family. I hope everyone has a safe and happy holiday and didn't mean to ruin the antics.
Speaker A: No, this is awesome. And I will say, james, first of all, likewise, you're one of these people in the space that I've gotten to know pretty well over the last year. I appreciate everything you do, your work ethic, your philosophy, your values. So you are somebody I consider a friend. And so, happy holidays to you. Hope you had a good year this year, and an even better one in store for you next year. So cheers.
Speaker G: Lfg. Lfg. All right, take care.
Speaker A: All right, James, love you.
Speaker G: Love you, too, brother.
Speaker A: Jeremiah here with. I know, right? Get in here. Jeremiah, please tell us your Santa.
Speaker H: Yo. So do you guys know about, like, reindeers and shamans and, like, reindeer eating amanita muscaria mushrooms and then the. The people drinking the piss because it's a less concentrated form.
Speaker D: I knew this I knew this. This is awesome.
Speaker A: You have found the right space. Let's, can we, can you give us a tlDr? Because I have never heard of this.
Speaker H: Um, that's, that's pretty much it. That was the TLDR. I just.
Speaker A: So, but, like, what, what is the. I guess I'm missing it. Steve, do you need to, can you clarify?
Speaker H: The Christmas tree part is, like, they, they would hang the amanita muscarias on the tree to dry them out before they ate them? Uh, there's, that's part of it. Uh, Santa, red and white. That's because the mushroom cap is red with white little spots on it.
Speaker D: Yeah, the Anita Miss mascara was actually, it's a, it's a super, like, psych. It has. I believe, and don't quote me on this, but I believe it a psychedelic effect. So you used to see if, you know, the traditional mushroom. You see, like, if you look at, like, type in mushroom and get an emoji, it's like your, your red cap.
Speaker A: With white, like, them.
Speaker D: So that one, that one used to be on trick to regularly be seen on traditional Christmas cards. And I, there's this whole thing about, like, people would sort of, like, eat these. And the idea is, like, this idea of flying reindeer ties back to this, like, psychedelic mushroom. And literally, people would drink the urine of deer who would eat these things to try to, like, actually get all jacked up and vice versa with the deer, because it would get them all, you know, high. And a lot of people think the idea of, like, flying reindeer SAntA, but the deer would literally, if they saw people eating these or had these deer would, like, run to knock people over to eat them and trip balls. And I guess there's, like, this, like, theory. I'm probably butchering it. You can find much better documentation on this. But, like, basically the theory is that this psychedelic mushroom led to the idea of, like, flying reindeer, Santa Claus, and the origins of that Christmas story, because basically, like, people would just get, you know, whacked out of their mind and, like, trip on this, like, anonymity and mascara mushroom.
Speaker H: There's a, there's another part, too. So when you eat the mushrooms, it actually gives you superpowers. And they were able to hunt better because they could sense the animals. It's like they're telepathically communicating with the animals. So that's another trippy thing about mushrooms.
Speaker A: I had a new theory that my dad was actually sneaking these into my meals. And that's why I could explain the fully committed.
Speaker B: I love it. I.
