Speaker A: Handsome today. I like the length of your beard. Fun fact about Chamber today, he's not wearing any pants.
Speaker B: Great.
Speaker A: Let's start the show. This episode is brought to you by.
Speaker C: The DGen Community network Media for the decentralized generation. If you want to connect or to check out more great NFT and crypto.
Speaker A: Content, go to dgen.net work.
Speaker C: That's dgen.net work.
Speaker B: Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am Bunchu alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, Chamber. Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker A: I'm doing real good. Doing really good.
Speaker B: You know, you're so esteemed.
Speaker A: I'm very steamed. No, it said it's good day. Good day.
Speaker B: I started that intro one day and I. I decided that was the intro and I stuck with it ever since. What are your thoughts on the intro? Do you even like it? Should I. Should I start changing it up? What. What would.
Speaker A: I actually heard a similar. I heard a, you know, I listen to a lot of podcasts and I finally heard somebody introduce their co host that way on like a podcast I just started listening to. So they had. It's called it's a Lakers podcast.
Speaker B: Well, then I definitely didn't steal it.
Speaker A: You? Never. But yes, it's a. I've gone through all the major Laker pocket now. I'm at like, the bottom of the barrel. Like, just. They're not great. But, you know, it's August and I haven't watched basketball in a long time, and, you know, I need my content. You must be excited in football season starting soon.
Speaker B: Oh, man, I am so excited. We'll talk a little bit about some great stuff going on, but like, in the last week, I have dived so far down, like, the fantasy football hole, like, it is dangerous. And I'm going to.
Speaker A: What's the. What's the start date? Like, I hear the buzz of fantasy football.
Speaker B: College football starts this weekend.
Speaker A: We are.
Speaker B: That's right. No, no Penn State game this week, though. No, actually, speaking of. There you go.
Speaker A: Hello.
Speaker B: Take me to Happy Valley. I am ready. I am ready. Oh, actually, this was a great surprise. I got super ready for football today because last year, me and my buddies did a college football, like, against the spread pick em challenge all year.
Speaker A: And every bet was against the spread.
Speaker B: Yes. So, like, we had a, you know, spreadsheet every week. We had the line to pick against it, and we did it all year. And I wondez in runaway fashion, which was, you know, and so I finally got my prize today, and it was a total surprise on what it was going to be, my buddy sent it from last.
Speaker A: So this is a, like for this from last year and you just got it today.
Speaker B: Correct. And so, and I didn't know what it was going to be. He just said, hey, it's going to show up. And it was four, count them, four deepest dish Chicago style pizzas from Lumnati's. And I. Oh, that's like that.
Speaker A: That's the spot. Yeah, I live in Canada. I live in Canada. I know that. That's the chicago deep dish spot.
Speaker B: T row.
Speaker A: That's exciting.
Speaker B: T row for show is I'm gonna give him one pass at this one. That's it. Just one. Because I know he is from the great state of Ohio. But that's it. That's your one dig on Penn State for the season until we actually play you. I assume you're an Ohio state backer. That's why you're ragging on me. But that's it. That's your one. Or else you're banned. You're going to be banned.
Speaker A: If you hover over his name, you can put him in a timeout and you can straight up ban him. Yeah, check that out. I just realized that today.
Speaker B: Oh, you are banned as man. I am Norm. The unicorn wants to know why you're hatless.
Speaker A: I just didn't grab one. You know, sometimes, sometimes I rock, you know, aerodynamic look. But yeah, no, no Chipotle today.
Speaker B: I dig that. All right, what else is going on? So I, we, let's get some housekeeping things out of the way today. One, if you haven't followed Djen network, please do so. Join our discord. It is closed. We are going to be token gating it in the next couple of weeks here. But if you shoot myself or chamber a DM, we can get you an invite into there. Really great stuff going on there. We've got, you know, daily recaps that break down all the things going on in the NFT market that day. And crypto markets, daily BTC and ETh updates. We've got new sports channels, we've got the NFT war room where people are trading NFTs literally 24/7 all kinds of awesome stuff, partnerships, sponsorships, allow lists. Make sure you hit us up if you want to be in there, like, and subscribe to this here, this stream here also, and maybe leave us a five star review on the podcast networks.
Speaker A: Would it kill you to leave us a five star review? It wouldn't. It really wouldn't.
Speaker B: It wouldn't. Still my favorite review of all time. Do you know what it is?
Speaker A: Two virgins reading the news from their parents basement.
Speaker B: Yes, I will have you know.
Speaker A: Remember we used to read the news.
Speaker B: While I may be a virgin, I am. I am a homeowner.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I'm reading the news in my own basement, that's for sure. But, yeah, I mean, that's the housekeeping stuff. We've got a brand new sponsor that we'll talk about in a little bit, which I'm super excited about. But other than that, I mean, let's get to. Let's get to some NFT stuff. We also do have a guest, wonderful guest, joining us on the back.
Speaker A: We don't know if. We don't know if he's wonderful. We haven't met him yet. I feel like we're. He could be. He could be a monster. He could be an evil genius. We don't know.
Speaker B: Well, no, you know, even if he is, we'll make him look good. Don't worry about it.
Speaker A: Absolutely.
Speaker B: So we do. We have the CEO of Joyride Games joining us later on the back half of the show to talk blockchain gaming, which is super exciting.
Speaker A: That is exciting.
Speaker B: This was just shared in the war room. I believe it's Alpha. So I think we should. I think I should share this. A couple weeks ago we had. Let's see, where is it? A couple of weeks ago we had on the. I forget exactly what her title was.
Speaker A: She was the. She was something.
Speaker B: She was something that she worked for.
Speaker A: What was the name of the company now?
Speaker B: Well, that I know. That I know.
Speaker A: What was it? What was it called again?
Speaker B: Unstoppable.
Speaker A: Unstoppable.
Speaker B: Yes. But Mark Pro shared this in the war room just now. You can actually get your Twitter handle as a free dot NfT domain. So go to unstoppable domains.com twitter. Get your free dot nfT domain that matches your Twitter handle, which is pretty cool. So you verify your Twitter here, checks for your NFT for your domain, and then you can mint it and add it on Twitter. That's pretty cool.
Speaker A: That's pretty cool.
Speaker B: You gonna be doing this?
Speaker A: Possibly. You know what I could see? I could see myself doing this for sure.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, it's. It's free.
Speaker A: It seems. It's free. It seems fairly easy. We're getting a lot of talk in the. In the chat about being bearish. I'm not wearing a moonbird's hat, I should say. I don't know if you can see this, but this is my. I can't really see it, too. Well, unfortunately. Oh, maybe this is my moon.
Speaker B: It's a secular source.
Speaker A: No, no, I brought. I was at a weed shop the other day. I have my very professional pax vape, and they had an engraver there, and they were doing engravings for free, so I got a moonbird engraved on my vape.
Speaker B: No way.
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. It's laser engraved.
Speaker B: I mean, talk about what's more bullish than that. You are. That is basically you being a hashtag community member.
Speaker A: Community member.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: You know, going against. Going against everything. I always say, man.
Speaker B: I do. So, speaking of, I think that's a great place to start. I did notice that you named the episode after the pudgy penguins pump, but I don't know a lot about it.
Speaker A: Good, because neither do I.
Speaker B: We'll get there. We'll get there eventually.
Speaker A: That's just for Algo reasons.
Speaker B: Yeah. But I do want to. I do want to touch on this, because who knew that you could write that? Who knew that you could write. You made a new article here on djen.net, work of the seven ways to stay nFT rich. Talk to us a little bit about this and let's go through them really quickly.
Speaker A: I tried to make the most clickability article, but also provide quality content once you got inside. So seven ways to stay NFT rich is as clickbait as I could have made the title. But, yeah, I was just. Sometimes we're always looking for content and articles to put on, and I had some thoughts about some things, and it doesn't happen very often. I think this is like my second article in, like a year and a half, so they are.
Speaker B: I feel you have some authority on this topic, though, at least.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, there again, I didn't follow all these, these, you know, tips, you know, word for word, unfortunately. But I think this is just good advice for, you know, for that next bull run or whenever you find yourself in a bubble, because, you know, we don't like to use the term bubble very much, but, you know, they are bubbles. They can. The bubbles can blow back up, which is nice. But when you're in it, especially in that insane period of money making, it's good to look back and to take some stock in what's actually happening and find ways to keep some of that money, because a lot of people probably listening or watching were worth significantly more than they're worth right now, at least on their metamask. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Oh, I know. Oh, do I ever know? That is for sure. So let's go let's go through these real quick because I think it's. I think it's interesting. So basically, here are some tips to basically protect your, your bags as you make them in the space. So number one, see the euphoria start to sell. What, what do you MEan by this?
Speaker A: You know, we all know what it looks like. We all know what it feels like. That euphoria of, like, there was a point where you could just mint literally anything and you were going to make money and you're excited to, and you're staying up all night and you're hopping in discord and minting stuff at 03:00 in the morning because it will make you money. You're probably pretty close to the tippy top at that point and maybe take some stock there and maybe pull a little bit out. That that's kind of the euphoria, you know, when you feel it.
Speaker B: Steve says the article itself is Terrible, but to be fair, the advice is actually some hours.
Speaker A: On, on the front of the article.
Speaker B: That's zero X. Moist says screenshot equals euphoria. I think that's right.
Speaker A: I agree.
Speaker B: I think that's right. All right, next you have convert some profit back to fiat.
Speaker A: Yes. So whether it's literally just, you know, you've sold something, you've made some meat, you made some soul, whatever you're trading these nfts on, it's great that you have that cryptocurrency, but also probably a good idea to convert some of that back to fiat, whether it's directly into your bank account or into, like, USDC, like, use a stable coin, because that can help out significantly, especially during those, you know, those euphoric times.
Speaker B: All right, I like that. Step three, I don't follow this.
Speaker A: I don't think they're steps. They're just tips.
Speaker B: Tip number three, invest in traditional markets. Say what? Yeah, what are those?
Speaker A: So it's funny you should ask that because I didn't know much about them until I started kind of looking into it. But, yeah, it's all good. Maybe now you've converted that crypto back into some us dollars or some canadian dollars. Where I am, do you go and buy a lambo? Probably not a great idea. You know what I mean? If you're renting your one bedroom apartment, should you be leasing a lambo at this point? Probably not. Take some of that money and put it into, like, much lower risk investments, like traditional markets. So, you know, find yourself, I think in the article, I say, you know, go on, go on LinkedIn, find of a friend. Find a friend of a friend that's. That happens to be a financial advisor that works for a quasi reputable company. Tell them your story. They'll be super interested, and that will help you out, like, without fail. That's what I did.
Speaker B: Love it when you start bragging to your friends and family. Time to sell. This seems to me in similar videos to the euphoria, but specifically targeted at Steve.
Speaker A: I know. This is. This is me. Yeah, this is me. Steve. I don't think Steve.
Speaker B: I think Steve is not a friends and family bragger.
Speaker A: You know, my mom will always ask me how things are going, and if I get too excited and I show her some things that I know, we're pretty close. So whatever I've shown her.
Speaker B: Now, have you actually ever taken action on that, or do you just say it now? In hindsight, I'm pretty sure I have.
Speaker A: Because I did that back in 2017. I remember Christmas 2017 where I was a genius, and, you know, you still are. A few months after that, I wasn't as much of a genius. So when I noticed I was doing it again with nfts, the alarm bell started going off. I think it might have been, like, some Azuki stuff or some. I forget, like, we've gotten into a lot of things over the past, like, 18 months, nft wise. Like, I remember telling my mother in law when we got into, what was the game? The shit me and you got into it, it was like, it was. And we would hire out people to play the game for us.
Speaker B: Oh, axie.
Speaker A: Axie infinity. I remember telling my mother, we did, we did. But it was the top when we were making money. Yeah. So it's. So I remember right around that same time, so I was talking to her, you know, in hindsight, that was the absolute tippy top. So, yeah, things like that. There'll be indicators.
Speaker B: Next tip. Next tip. I like. Don't be exit liquidity. What do you mean there don't be exit.
Speaker A: You know, we've all been there. Um. Don't, don't.
Speaker B: Yeah, but how do you know, how do you know if you're exit liquidity?
Speaker A: You'll know. You'll know, uh, when the majority of people are already in a thing and you want to. And you. You feel that fomo that you want to get in. Like, if 75% of your friends are already in a thing, it's too late. Don't get in that thing. Uh, I think I may give an example of NBA top shot, where NBA top shot. You know, you got in it. There were some other people that got in it. And, you know, for weeks you're like, I can't believe, you know, you're an NBA guy.
Speaker B: I read this caption and I was like, oh, he's talking about 100%.
Speaker A: You're like, how are you not in this? And I get into it and I think I had like a week of, you know, of a good time and then not a good time after that. So I remember selling out of that fairly quickly, knowing I what was coming. So don't be exit liquidity.
Speaker B: Here's the one that's going to trigger people. I think this is the one that.
Speaker A: Triggered, maybe this one's inflammatory.
Speaker B: Don't become a community member. Now we've talked about this many times on this show, but for anybody new here, we have the saying, hashtag not a community member for chamber. You know, what do you mean here? Because I think this can be taken. This has nuance to it, right?
Speaker A: Sure. For sure. Again, the title of the article is how to stay NFT rich. So it's not saying don't become a community member, period. It's, if you want to keep your money, don't become a community member. Because at the end of the day, community, you know, once you're in a community, whether it's, I do, I do hate communities. It is an, you know, it's an echo chamber. People are just, you know, kind of pumping each other up, you know. You know, there's a high, you know, status for diamond handing. You know, there's a big by the dip. You know, there's a, there's a buy the dip kind of expectation, I think, for a lot of community members.
Speaker B: So, yeah, I would say this for me, this, I talked about this on my daily recap this morning when I went over this article. I see this as that doesn't mean don't join a community. What it means is if you have one of something and feel free and you love the community, hold it to zero. Absolutely. That's the floor is the friends you've made along the way. If you're in that same community holding ten and watching it go to zero, that's, I think what you mean here, right. Basically, don't be a bag holder is.
Speaker A: Don'T be a bag holder. Exactly. Don't have 100 fucking 50 footers, you know, that sort of thing. And again, these are all, these are all things that I've done even as much fun as we make that I'm not a community member. I've definitely been a community member first for some projects.
Speaker B: Yeah, for sure. So. And then last here is stay away from derivative projects. Let's talk about that one.
Speaker A: That's the, that's the crack cocaine of NFts right there. Like, that shit will kill you.
Speaker B: I think you're right.
Speaker A: I mean, I get it. Like, I get it. It's exciting. It's exciting. I get it. But, man, there is.
Speaker B: If you're going to be into a derivative project, it better be of the mantra here for a good time, not a long time.
Speaker A: Absolutely. I mean, we're talking hours. Like you don't want to be a multi day holder.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. And it is shots fired at our boy JPKz here, who is, who's built a career on derivative projects. But, yeah, no, I think those. I think it's good advice if you want.
Speaker B: I think it's great advice. Fantastic advice, because I think we've seen a lot of people, ourselves included, hold bags longer than we should have, not fall victim to the FOMO and. And things of that nature. So I think that it is fantastic advice. So thank you for writing that article. I hope people see 2024. Yeah. If you like. If you like chambers articles, come back in 2024 when he writes his next one.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Make sure you turn on a Google alert or it'll be simultaneous.
Speaker A: It's simultaneous with the release of the next season of Stranger Things. You know? I think it's not coming out for till 2024. That's crazy. They're going to be adults. What are we talking about?
Speaker B: They're all 10 hours long.
Speaker A: It's crazy.
Speaker B: I mean, every one of those is an investment.
Speaker A: They're not children anymore. They're supposed to be in like grade nine.
Speaker B: The 38, man. So, yeah, I think that was a good thing for us to cover because I think that's important, especially now where we're in this little bit of a lull slash bear market.
Speaker A: Yeah, man.
Speaker B: How you. How are you feeling about your bags?
Speaker A: I mean, not, you know, they're there. The nice thing is, is during these times, you don't really have to watch it too much. Like the other day, I felt I had too many nfts in my wallet and I'm like this.
Speaker B: Yeah, me too. So I just like a laziness.
Speaker A: It's like a laziness. That's a smart move.
Speaker C: I actually just.
Speaker B: They were all gone.
Speaker A: That's not a bad idea. That's very alpha right there. I did. I kind of went through them to see if anything had any sort of liquidity on it. As far as like buying. And I put them, I just floored a bunch of nfts that I had and like, it's better to make there any liquidity. Yeah, I think I made like an eth e to eth maybe out of some of the stuff that was there. Nothing too crazy.
Speaker B: But, you know, that's not nothing, though.
Speaker A: Not nothing. So. Yeah, so that, yeah, stuff like that. Not a bad idea to go, go in. Sometimes you forget what you have. And again, don't, don't look at the price you bought it for because that's just gonna upset you. Just look at the price you can get for it today. Like, you know, nothing wrong with .2 these days. I'll tell you how much. Even if you bought it for one and a half east.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I'm with you there. Just look, there's, especially now when you're like approaching the eth merge, I think people are going to want to protect their eth a little more. Did see a nice little pump on your moon birds today? They're over a 13th floor is. So here's a good question by phonics before we get to our guest here. Is there a single nft either of you are interested in buying today or anytime soon? What do you, what's your answer to that? I think that's a great question.
Speaker A: That is a great question. It's almost like this guy has a professional NFT podcast that, uh, he's got.
Speaker B: An NFC podcast better than ours. It's. I mean, all the shows on Djen are better than ours that we are. We just started it along and we, and that's it. Like, here you go, everybody take. We built this cool thing, now go do it better than we do.
Speaker A: Way better. Um, yeah, I don't know if there's anything like, you know, I don't know if I, if I had, you know, like 20 eth laying around, maybe buy like a rarer moonbird. Like an even more rare moonbird. I don't know. There's nothing really like, everything's super. Like anything that I'd be interested is still pretty expensive.
Speaker B: I have a confession.
Speaker A: You sold the moonbird? Did I buy it?
Speaker B: I didn't sell it yet. It is listed three below floor, quite, quite near floor. It's gonna get up soon. Yeah, I think it's listed for 14.18 e and the floor is over 13. So it's like second row on open sea.
Speaker A: Interesting. It's what, what is it like, which one is it? Do we know?
Speaker B: It's a moonbird?
Speaker A: Yeah. Is it, what color?
Speaker B: I don't know, man. I'm colorblind. It's. Hold on, I'll bring it up here in a second. But, uh, it's actually a pretty dope moonbird. I just, it's like one of these ones that is super cool, but I never use it for anything. Like it just sits there. So like some. Oh, it's actually on the front row now.
Speaker A: Yeah, let that thing go, man. Yeah, absolutely. Gotta let it fly.
Speaker B: Scooped. It's gonna get scooped. See if you can guess which one. I already told you the price so you know, it's this guy.
Speaker A: We'll look at the pro.
Speaker B: It's rivers, Cuomo.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, that'll sell for sure.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's going soon. I think it's the only one with those glasses listed. But like, he's pretty dope. I bet it sells during the show now.
Speaker A: Uh, I bet you're right. I bet you does sell during the show. We'll check back in at the end of the show.
Speaker B: Should I delist it? By the way, the, uh, my vault account is called Bunch of Island.
Speaker A: Is that for where the good ones are? I wonder what.
Speaker B: Yeah, burbs going to 15 plus.
Speaker A: Yeah, he says that with a freaking burb PFP on his freaking comments. Of course. No, I agree. I do think they're going up. I haven't sold any yet. If that one does sell, how many will you be left with? We got a couple left.
Speaker B: So I will have two that I own outright and one that I share with a buddy.
Speaker A: That's all right.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, that's proper exposure still, right?
Speaker A: I agree. I agree.
Speaker B: Like, I was too, like after all of the, the craziness that happened, I still very much believe in the project and the team and all that, but like, realized I was a little, maybe too exposed to one singular project. So I'd like to maybe grab a little of that liquid.
Speaker A: What do you, are you looking at anything in particular?
Speaker B: Well, you actually hit the absolute perfect segue with this because we're about to get into our guests here in a minute. However, the thing that I am so super obsessed with right now is actually our, our newest sponsor.
Speaker A: Well, that worked out nicely.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: Both in Segway and, you know, enjoyment of the NFT.
Speaker B: But the, but it's, it's like full on the absolute truth that I have gone so far down this draft. Kings, rainmakers rabbit hole. Because you started the conversation with, with, you know, football and I've been so obsessed with rainmakers, it's like right up my alley. I mean, we did the NFT red zone project last year and it was basically like the beta of that was.
Speaker A: Another community I was a member of. By the way.
Speaker B: You won a lot of prizes.
Speaker A: I won a lot of. Hey, yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Speaker B: But so I've like literally I deposited a bunch onto DraftKings and I've been playing around in this marketplace and trying to get my.
Speaker A: You deposited a whole moonbird's work, dude.
Speaker B: Not even that far off. No joke. So actually I deposited enough in which I got a text from their vip concierge. Are you sure? Offering me specific, like bonuses and stuff.
Speaker A: Really?
Speaker B: Yeah. I made it a fair.
Speaker A: That's exciting.
Speaker B: But what, I mean, I'll get to the actual details in a second here. But it's DF's. But you own your players, which is so cool. So, um, you know, I think what's really interesting about that is the ownership piece and it's just incredible to have the ability to, I don't really know how to describe it. It's, if you played fantasy football, but you could also just completely trade the marketplace. It's, that's how I'm finding myself playing. I'm not even sure I'm going to play the contest right. It's, it's one of those type of things where I think there's an edge in just gaming the marketplace, which I think is interesting.
Speaker A: But like you could load up on players or is that what you're saying? Like if.
Speaker B: Right. Because there's scarcity model to all of it.
Speaker A: Absolutely. Right. So if like a, like a breakout player that you think is coming out in 2022, like load up on him and sell the marketplace.
Speaker B: Exactly. So. Yeah. Which is how I'm playing it right now. But. So just before we get into our guests here, let's take a word from our newest sponsor, which is DraftKings rainmakers. Have you heard about the DraftKings marketplace? It is the place to snag the latest digital collectibles across sports, entertainment and culture. DraftKings has released their first ever NFT fantasy game, Rainmakers football, which is what I was just talking about. Super cool. I'm going to do a total like full on deep dive stream of this, I think next week at some point in the Degen discord and with Des, which I think is going to be really fun, Des is also down the rabbit hole. So he is. Yeah. He, he yelled at me because I sent him down this deep rabbit hole. It's the only NFT fantasy game licensed by the NFL PA. Now you can collect the hottest player card nfts while playing for free for millions in prizes. Right now, everyone can get their first full roster starter pack for free, especially if you use our promo code below. Djen, that's d g e n. Playing is simple. You can buy, sell, bid, and win player card nfts of the biggest names in the game through regular drops and auctions on DraftKings Marketplace. Craft lineups of athletes from your NFT collection and earn points for touchdowns, receptions and more, just like daily fantasy football. And build your NFT franchise and enter the free Rainmakers football contest all season long to complete for millions of prizes. Millions in prizes. Dude, the overlays of these contests are going to be insane. I would get in early now if you're interested in this because there's less players than there are prizes available.
Speaker A: I just floored two moon birds together.
Speaker B: Yeah, right. Exactly. Download the DraftKings Daily fantasy app now and sign up with promo code Deegen, that's dge. And click the Rainmakers tile and opt in to get your first full roster starter pack for free. Plus play for millions in prizes all football season. And build the ultimate NFT fantasy franchise with Rainmakers football. That's promo code D G e n. Build, play, win only at the draft games.
Speaker A: That was amazing.
Speaker B: You know, that's my first ever live.
Speaker A: I was the best. Oh, by the way, too, I put all of the links in the show notes. So if you're watching live, you can go into YouTube. They're all there, the promo codes there. If you're listening to the podcast, it'll be there too. So we make it easy for you.
Speaker B: Look at that. And that was, you know, it's almost like I'm a pro podcaster. Oh, we've been doing this for now. But let's get to our guest today. We have the CEO of Joyride games, Omar. Omar, how you doing? Thanks for joining us.
Speaker C: Absolutely great to see you guys.
Speaker B: If we are super excited to chat blockchain gaming, obviously, you just heard us talking about draftkings rainmakers, which is, you know, an NFT blockchain based game all and of itself trading card style. So I, and even prior to that, we were even talking Axie Infinity earlier in this episode. So we have, we have some super deep interest in the black.
Speaker A: Like, right.
Speaker C: I was distracted because I was picking up my phone going, where can I find this thing? I gotta download it now. I gotta say, you probably added a couple of points to your pricing on those sponsorship spots with that effective pitch.
Speaker A: I'm glad it wasn't just me.
Speaker B: I love it. So. But yeah, we are super, super excited to have you and talk blockchain gaming. You have, I mean, one of the more impressive backgrounds that I've seen of any of our guests that we have. You are an entrepreneur, investor, faculty member at Stanford, and obviously the current CEO of Joyride Games. But prior to that, you have experience at Disney, Kiwi, all kinds of stuff. Let's talk about, I guess, your background, how you got into the blockchain space and how you ended up with joyride.
Speaker C: Sure. So I basically have been doing this a while, mainly out of a desire to build things that can entertain and connect lots and lots of people. Like, that's my passion, that's what I'd love to do and that's what I've tried to do my whole career. I cracked the joke that someone wanted to give me $100 million to make a movie. I would be making movies, but nobody wanted to give me that kind of money. And so I instead got like 100 grand and built a social game and was able to reach millions of people that way. And that's what got me excited. Right. But career wise, I began my career in finance at companies like McKinsey bank. Really kind of fundamental sort of business stuff. Came out to California, worked at idea, which is a product design firm, to really understand product design and how to build things that people will really love. And then from zero seven, I got into building games because as I mentioned, it was a great path to building titles that could really be viral and organic and entertain lots and lots of people. That's what I love doing. And over the years I have done that on Facebook, on iOS, on Android, starting with sort of free to play social games and then onto mobile with scaled mobile games. And have been lucky enough over the years to have worked in great organizations. Both companies we've started up and sold, as well as organizations like Disney, where I was a studio general manager, and in that journey have built titles that have entertained hundreds of millions of people. And the common connect across all the titles has been a community orientation. So we built titles that were free to play, so we were giving them away. And what you were trying to do was earn a following, earn a community through the titles that was going to be around for the long haul. And they wanted to play the game because they were passionate about it. They would pay you if they were passionate about it. And I think the surprising thing to many in the industry was how long lived these communities have been as well. And so for me, the journey into blockchain gaming really started when it started transitioning from being a science experiment to being like something that could actually get out to hundreds of millions of people as a way to build games where the community can now not just be playing it as a consumer, but also collaborating with you in the game, as a co owner in many respects, because they have the potential to own stuff in the game, and on the basis of that ownership, they have a stake in how they want to play, they have a stake in how the community evolves, they have a stake in the content that's created, and you can really align interests in a really powerful way. And that's the sort of itch that got me into blockchain games and got me started with Joyride. Joyride itself is aspiring to be a web three games publisher. And that's using sort of traditional games parlance to describe what we are. Because everyone understands what a publisher is. It's someone who offers like a full stream of capabilities to build great games. What that means is web three terms to me is that we need to build ecosystems and not just games, right? So we're really powering ecosystems where both our studios as well as partner studios are being armed with development tools, with publishing tools, with scaling capabilities to build long term communities for their titles that can be part of these ecosystems for the long haul. So that's our mission. And that's like what we've been working hard on over the past few years.
Speaker B: I think that's super interesting and you hit on a lot of really amazing points. Am super invested in this myself. As far as the concepts behind building these ecosystems that are attractive to people, in which they can earn stake in things and have build community around these games as well. And you know, I am personally on the team that's working on the Starbucks project, and we are doing something very similar. Like our goals are super similar to what you just described in terms of, except instead of gaming, it's creating a game around brand loyalty. Right. And it's all of those same things that you just described. So what do you think is kind of the most important part of that as far as kind of building. Building something that people will be invested into from a time standpoint, from a community standpoint, from a enjoyment standpoint, I.
Speaker C: Think the core has to start with something authentic, over and above economic value. You have to have something that matters that people want to get behind at its core. And I know it sounds like metaphysical and BSE, but I really do strongly believe that, because people especially, I don't know if it's just this moment in time with like, coming off of COVID all the kind of drama we've had, but I actually think part of what's powered NFTs as a category has been the search for authenticity, the search for us as a belonging, the search for Bill, for being a part of something that I think we all craved, you know, to some degree, as humans, but particularly crave in this point in time. So I think there has to be something at its core that's more than an economic value that people are going to want to care about. Right? And then to me, the journey in building at least a game community, which is where I've spent the most time trying to think about it, is recognizing that nfts and fungible tokens at the end of the day, are tools that you're employing to amplify and really encourage the positive dynamics of a community, coalescing around that core idea that you want to offer the universe. And then when you think of it that way, it becomes less about how do you create a financial asset with the sort of yield that you need for it to be market appropriate and blah, blah, blah, blah, and less about the financial engineering and more about building something that has to obviously matter in different ways to different constituents. But it has a powerful core that is powering that whole ecosystem. And so an example of that for me, is like philosophically like, one of the projects that we've built is this game called tennis champs. And we're featuring these avatar characters in the champs ecosystem, where we're building out a series of sports and action games. And our vision is really to have these characters embody the spirit of sport, the spirit of belonging, the spirit of teamwork, the spirit of what it takes to be your best in flow, regardless of whether you are winning or losing. That's the core of the brand message that we want this franchise to embody. Right. And these characters are being expressed in tennis as an initial game, right. But our notion with the ecosystem as a whole is that we are going to have game champs that are specific to a game. We are going to have Genesis champs that allow early community members who want to coalesce around a game, basically support that game, and then over time, they're going to have ecosystem champs that are sort of the open passport to fans who want a long term asset that allows them to not only indulge in the different gaming experiences that are a part of this franchise, but also take advantage of the real world experiences and other brand attributes that make sense and the other brand experiences that make sense with that spirit in mind, you know. So to me, designing an effective NFT strategy or effective web three strategy is around really thinking long term about the community and thinking, okay, if I want this community to be excited for ten years, how do I create different categories of assets that they can own and be a part of a different experiences that they can be a part of with a one year duration, three year duration, and ten year duration in mind? Because I think that's the potential we have in building next generation media properties in web three.
Speaker A: I got a quick question here. Is there a reason you chose tennis? Because when I think of video games and I think of tennis, I always think of tennis games as that first game on a new platform that really brings people in. Like Mario Tennis back in the day, I remember when I got, I don't know if you guys all remember this, I might be dating myself, but, like, Sega Dreamcast, like, was one of, like, I remember, like waiting in line to get one of these things. And it was, it didn't last very long, but it was, it was, it was light years ahead of what was out at the time. And there was a phenomenal tennis game that came out on that. And then I think about, like, we tennis as, you know, a new platform, and tennis was always kind of that, that game that really was, was fun to play and really brought a lot of people in on a new platform. And I was wondering maybe if that was the idea behind.
Speaker C: Totally. So we were very inspired by Mario, you know, by basically Mario tennis and we tennis and sort of that whole party game attitude towards like, bringing people into this ecosystem. Because again, our background and our interest is in building scaled experiences for consumers, not necessarily in building cycles of hatred for angry young men. You know, like, like, we really want games that invite a community to coalesce in a positive way, and we want to build experiences where, you know, people are playing a great game and they're identifying with the underlying brand, they're identifying with the underlying IP, and over time are discovering what an even deeper and funner experience it is. Because of the blockchain features, right? Not in spite of the blockchain features. So all of our experiences that we're building, there's two main ecosystems that we're powering right now. One is mobile casual games, which we've already launched publicly in solitaire Blitz, more recently in trick shot Blitz. And both of these are top five dapps right now within a month to two months of launch.
Speaker B: Yeah. So it looks like number three and five this. Oh, wow.
Speaker C: We've come up a little bit. That seems.
Speaker A: That's awesome.
Speaker B: Yeah, maybe. Maybe it was five and six. No, number three and eight in the blockchain gaming category on DaP radar, which is awesome.
Speaker C: And I think for us, this notion of building things that people get their arms around that is familiar to them, that makes onboarding convenient. I'll tell you, obviously, we're not trying to get every single person who's playing these games to play on chain. Right? Like, we've taken a very traditional, free to play design philosophy where we make it really easy for you to engage and play a fun game. And then for those players who have the inclination who want to go deeper, we allow them to play on chain as well, mainly because we're very confident that they're just great games. Right. So that's what we're doing with the mobile casual side, with what we're doing with tennis. And we've also, you know, previously announced battle champs as our second follow up, where it's like a cartoony arena shooter, where that's our foray into NFT based, basically action rpg sports rpg titles. Right.
Speaker B: And.
Speaker C: But we want to maintain that spirit of keeping it really loose and light and fun and approachable. And like you said, every person has these very positive memories associated with wii tennis and Mario tennis. And, you know, like, all of us broke out those consoles and, like, those were our first experiences with character centric, friendly, fun things we could do with our friends. Right. And so building out this champs ecosystem with action and sports games that are light and easy to play, including tennis, but which then we can give depth to with role playing, game mechanics, and, you know, blockchain mechanics as well, has been our guiding light.
Speaker A: I also thought of another one, too, by the way. The OG of OG games, pongous, technically a tennis game, so. Yeah.
Speaker C: Totally. I dated myself earlier today when I asked a team member if they remember game and watches. You guys even know what a game and watch is?
Speaker B: Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: But, like, I remember he was asking me if I played Donkey Kong on, you know, the NES. I was like, no, I haven't played on the NES, but I had a game and watched for doggy Gog, and he was like, what's a game? And watch?
Speaker B: The listeners at home may not know this, but Chamber is one of the foremost experts in paddle based video gaming. Yeah, his. His knowledge runs so deep in the paddle based gaming industry.
Speaker A: That's it.
Speaker B: It's just incredible.
Speaker C: We'll make a blitz game with, you know, kind of that super breakout mechanic, right? Yeah, that super breakout. Absolutely. We'll name it after you. We'll call it chamber breaks out.
Speaker A: I love it, I love it.
Speaker B: I love it, I love it. So I really enjoyed your comment about first kind of creating the actual game that hooks people. Not required requiring them to play on chain, but almost graduating them to playing on chain because they're going to really enjoy what the game and the ecosystem brings to them. I couldn't agree more that that's the approach that's going to win over the next evolution of what blockchain and the dreaded word play to earn gaming is like. That's the evolution of this, right. And I think personally, and I'd love to hear your opinion on this, but I've been saying for a long time that the traditional way that we viewed this play to earn gaming model is completely broken because it requires the ROI to have to be user based rather than platform based, meaning that it's extractive for the ecosystem. The users just trying to take, take from the ecosystem cash out, get their ROI and it's detrimental to the entire platform. There's no way for it to flourish. And so when I hear you say like, hey, look, the model is free to play and then kind of opt into this blockchain based system or token based system, I couldn't agree more with you that that's the future of this. And it's actually a similar approach that we're taking with the Starbucks project. So I'd love to hear your take on that.
Speaker C: Absolutely. So I'm a product person. So the reason I get excited about blockchain is because I'm like, whoa, the universe has a new lever to design great products with that didn't previously exist. And what that means is if your product is about the lever now, it's like an interesting experiment, but what you really want to do is go back to basic and say, okay, I'm building this great game. That's the aspiration. And that game needs to earn a community that is going to enjoy it for the long term. How can I build an even better version of this with blockchain technology than I could previously? If the answer is that the way it's going to be better is because now I can enable financial speculation on the basis of my game, that's not necessarily better, right? It just means that you have a very volatile financial asset that people are going to love to trade around. And eventually, especially if your economy is not sustainable, which it's not going to be if you don't have a fun game that people want to play for a long time, like, you're screwed, right? You're going to hit a wall. It's just a question of when. And so we've really approached it philosophically with the perspective of, okay, what can we enable community members and players to do with blockchain tech that they couldn't do before that still serves the goals of the game as an entertainment experience. Right. And part of that, I'll be honest, is I don't want to fault any of the early projects that have really blazed the trail here because, look, I built a bunch of scrappy, viral, crappy apps on Facebook before I built retaining games. Right? Why? Because every new platform you've got to understand, like what it's good for, you make your mistakes, you launch stuff, you learn. And I think a lot of the projects to date have done a really nice job of showing people how asset ownership can provide yield as a benefit. Right. And that attracts a set of people who are min maxers, who have always been in games, by the way. Like, plenty of people play plenty of games with a min max attitude, with spreadsheets, because that's the fun for them. But if you're only making games where they're not even fun to play, but they're only trying to provide this min max benefit to a set of users, you're not going to have a sustainable product. You're going to have a sustainable product when you can factor in the benefits of ownership to players in a way that's sustaining and sustainable. Because to me, there's this whole debate going on that I see on Twitter without necessarily engaging in it around like, well, what is the value that crypto brings? Anything, it's all bullshit and blah, blah, blah. I take a step back and I say, look, it doesn't feel like rocket science to me to be able to talk to my players and say, hey, players, you used to pay $100 to buy this asset in a game. Once you bought it, it just sat in the game. It had no resale value. It had no value outside of your ownership of it. In the game economy. You now have the ability to own this asset and actually invest in it and improve it through your gameplay. And over time, if you want, take advantage of that asset as a financial asset as well. To me, that's as a relative value proposition, obviously better for players, and it can allow your players to be more aligned with your economy and with your community. And to me that's like a net positive. Right. So, but that has to be there as a feature that is appropriately positioned for the players who have progressed in the game to the point where they care and they appreciate it and they basically want to indulge in that capability versus turning it into a prerequisite to engage with the game at all. Because if you do that now, you're going to appeal to a very small set of users who are in it for what I would argue are not the most productive reasons.
Speaker B: Totally. I couldn't agree more. I think that was super well said. Chamber, what are your thoughts?
Speaker A: Honestly, I think this is like you mentioned, you don't want to, you don't want to disparage some of the games that have come before because it is kind of like a growing, like you'd mentioned, it's a growing space and you need to figure out what works, as you mentioned. And I think this is just kind of the next evolution of that is not necessarily strong arming people into blockchain gaming, like kind of coaxing them in by providing a product that's enjoyable that they're going to want to play with and almost tricking them into. Because I think at the end of the day, that's kind of what we're going to have to do is really get them into this type of technology without them even knowing. And I think that's what we're doing here. So I'm very impressed. And also, too, just to add before we continue, a lot of times we have guests on, we don't know. We haven't met them. I want to thank you for being a quality guest and, and not as crazy.
Speaker B: I don't know if you saw this. I don't know if you saw this review from angry Tuna Sandwich who is, you know, one of the premier guest raiders in the, in the world. Yes. Omar may be the most eloquent guest ever on the show.
Speaker C: I now know I have appealed to for like, I know there's a target demographic out there for me.
Speaker A: Absolutely. Absolutely. You are, you are, as I would call, not a potato. So that's terrific.
Speaker B: So, Omar, before we, before we get into a little bit of shenanigans here to wrap up, I definitely want to get, you know, tell people, you know, where they can find you guys at Joyride, what they should be looking out for and what the future holds for Joyride.
Speaker C: I appreciate that you can find joyride at our website, www.onjoyride.com, on twitter. We're onjoyride. I'm personally on Twitter as well, and those are probably the best ways to stay connected to us. Obviously, our discord community is slash onjoyride also, so I encourage you to join our discord as well as we, you know, basically that's where all the action happens. If you want to go deeper for us, you know, what's next is really, I'd say two paths that we're really excited about. One is to continue building out this mobile casual ecosystem with the Blitz games. You know, I think you'll be seeing a steady stream of new releases from us because we're very excited to have both internal and partner developers who are taking advantage of our developer platform, our publishing platform, our scaling capabilities to build and launch these simple, playable games with an effective metagame and economy. And so that's coming down the pike and you'll see a steady release cadence there. In addition, tennis Champs is our sort of premier NFT based ecosystem, again based on action rpg game mechanics and these characters that we then are making available across multiple games, both with internal and partner studios and here, tennis champs, the game is going to be entering broad beta with all Genesis holders shortly and we'll be doing a public launch of the game in the fall. And we are also going to be announcing additional NFT projects in this ecosystem for upcoming games as we really look to take what is right now a game property and execute on building excellent games as our path to really aspiring to offer it to the world as a media property. That's our goal. Exciting times and, you know, obviously appreciate the opportunity today to share what we're up to.
Speaker B: All right, well, in we, we got to get you into some of the shenanigans here that we typically engage in. And I don't know if anybody prepped you for this, but we're going for it.
Speaker C: So I know Shenanigan prep.
Speaker B: Okay, well, we like to, we like to, you know, whether it's just us or our guests, we like to draft some items snake style draft. And this week we're going to do a snake style draft of the best NES video games of all time. So we've talked about games. So we're going to do a three. We'll each choose three snake snake style. So we'll go, we'll go, you chamber myself and then back around the horn until we all have three. Then what we do, Omar, is we put these out on Twitter and people decide who has.
Speaker A: Are we just going straight OG Nintendo Entertainment?
Speaker B: Yeah, that's, that was my thought. Right. We got somewhat niche in a smaller universe of. So, Omar, you've got the first pick here.
Speaker C: Okay. So I'm just gonna be super, super lame and pick, like, my all time favorite game, which will be Legend of Zelda.
Speaker B: Great. Great choice.
Speaker C: It's like, it was the first game I played. Like, played, played hard on a console and will always live in my mind as sort of the defining classic of the era.
Speaker B: That's a great choice, Chamber. So we've got legend of Zelda, number one pick, I think. A very worthy pick up. Uh oh. You've angered angry tuna sammiche. Very upset you.
Speaker A: I know, I know.
Speaker B: Chamber, you've got the second pick here.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm going Super Mario brothers three. Shit.
Speaker B: I was hoping you'd go original, which.
Speaker A: Is the best game, you know, light years ahead of what Nintendo was doing at the time.
Speaker B: You know, I agree. That would have been my number one pick. It's my favorite, favorite. However, since I am now on the clock and you have chosen that one, I will take. And I have two because we're going snake. Yeah, I'm going. I'm going with Super Mario brothers. I'll take the original g. Yeah. And then my next pick is going to be. Oh, man. I think I could save my third pick for. I think it'll come back to me, but my second pick is going to be Mike Tyson's punch out.
Speaker A: Very controversial.
Speaker C: Controversial.
Speaker A: A lot of out there.
Speaker B: I love that one. Give me. I always used to lose to glass Joe, though. I wasn't very glass Joe. I wasn't very good at it. So excite bikes. A good one. T row.
Speaker A: It's honestly, that's my next pick. I'm taking excite bike, and I look down and this is like the second episode in a row where t row and me are on the same wavelength. Possible best friend, you know, energy coming.
Speaker B: Here from getting banned for his comments.
Speaker A: Only my best friend would do. Would get banned. So that's. That's terrific, man.
Speaker B: There's so many good ones to choose from. All right, so you've got. You've got excite bike and Super Mario three. Wow. You. You actually might win a poll.
Speaker A: No, I won't. They won't. It will never happen.
Speaker B: All right, so, Omar, you've got your next two.
Speaker A: Yeah. You got two picks.
Speaker C: I got two. So I will go with Metroid.
Speaker B: Oh, good one.
Speaker A: Quality.
Speaker C: I love that game. I would just explore the dungeon for hours. Other than that, I'm trying to think, like, what else do I recall that I really loved? Contra was the other one, just because you'd run around just, like, shooting stuff all day, you know? So I'll go with Contra as my second.
Speaker A: That's a very good. That's quality.
Speaker C: Yeah, those were, like. Just. I'm trying to recall where my youth was mostly spent. You know, like, I'm like, where. Where did I spend most of my, you know, middle school years? No indexing on that.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker A: So your. Your team now, you've finished your team here with Zelda, Metroid, and Contra.
Speaker B: What is that? That's a powerhouse.
Speaker A: I'm gonna show my Canada a little bit here, and I don't. Here it comes. And I don't know if it was as big in the United States as it was here in Canada, but blades of Steel was my absolute favorite game, man. Blades of steel.
Speaker B: You sniped all my picks this time.
Speaker A: Oh, really? So that's exciting. I didn't know it was that popular over there.
Speaker B: I thought blades of steel would come back to me. It was one of my favorite games.
Speaker C: It's surprising how these niche things can, like, be overrepresented in games, right? Because, like, I wasn't even into the underlying, like, I had no interest, but it was just such a fun game.
Speaker A: You could fight it.
Speaker B: Man. I don't know where I'm gonna go for my last one here.
Speaker A: There's a couple. There's a couple still out that I was looking at.
Speaker B: I don't really. I don't, man. How about. How about this one? This one's a classic. I'll keep it in the sports theme, as this was a game that I did love. I. Blades of steel would have been my first sports pick, but I will go. I'll go with Tecmo Super bowl. Yes. Absolutely.
Speaker A: Great game.
Speaker B: That was a good one. So I. There you go. Team row show has the tech mobile on there, but I. I think I'm losing. I think I'm losing this one. I. If I had to guess, I think Omar Chamber you. You've got a really good, solid pick. I think I might be third on this one.
Speaker C: And Super Mario. It's hard to overcome Super Mario three, you know? Like, I thought about it, but I.
Speaker A: Just felt like flies in that one.
Speaker C: Yeah, I was. I was like, man, they're being so nice to me, letting me go first, and I don't want to, like, snipe. Super Mario three out of the gate.
Speaker A: You gotta go. You gotta go for the jugular. Now, that being said, though, my favorite. Like, I love Super Mario three, but I used to play the shit out of Super Mario two. And it gets. It gets a lot of, you know, not, not everybody loves it, but it's a great. I always thought it was a great game.
Speaker B: Yeah, I agree. And just for the record, I think this is going to change this week, but the theme of you never winning a poll remained undefeated last week. You got slaughtered. I got cheated out of a championship.
Speaker A: I agree.
Speaker B: Dirty. Des played dirty with his home crowd. Goats. I definitely had the best overall draft, but Des won it last week with 47% of the vote chamber. Only you. You had apes, mutants. You had apes and mutants. The largest collective universe of all of it. And you got no support of the total vote. But don't forget to tag Omar in this, in this poll because we want to. We got to see who comes out victorious. It'll be on Twitter after this show, but that is going to do it for us. Omar, I hope you enjoyed our shenanigans.
Speaker C: Lovely. Thank you for having me. Me. It was great.
Speaker B: Absolutely. One more time before we get out of here. Where can people find you guys?
Speaker C: Twitter? Onjoyride. Www.onjoyride.com discord slash joyride. And I'm at. It's omsid. I t s o m s I d d. Perfect.
Speaker B: JPKZ Doctor Mario was, was NES, but there was also a Super NES version. I almost picked that with my last.
Speaker A: Doctor Mario was solid, too.
Speaker B: I didn't want to double down on the Marios, but that's going to do it for us. Thank you so much, Omar. Everybody check out joyride and what they're doing over there. And until next time, stay mint.
