Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by the Degen Community Network Media for the decentralized generation. If you want to connect or to check out more great NFT and crypto content, go to dgen.net work. That's dgen.net network.
Speaker B: Hello and welcome to the Mint Condition. I am Joe, aka Bunch. You bets alongside a very special guest today. We have mint condition in the morning due to some time zones, but we are joined by Andres Kristoff from ether cards. Super excited to have Andra San and talk about ether cards here today. This will be a really cool show. We're going to touch on, you know, what ether cards is, where it came from, some of their really awesome stuff they're doing with, with giveaways, maybe one of the best giveaways I've ever seen and some really exciting things they have going on with the platform coming up. And you know, personally I have been around crypto for a long time, since 2017, and I had heard of ether cards along my way, along my path. But really just recently in the past month or two have dug into, you know, all the things that these guys are doing with ether cards and it's really an exciting platform that I think people need to know more about. So I'm super excited to have Andres here. Andres, welcome. Thank you for joining me. I don't even know what time it is where you are.
Speaker A: Hello, everybody. Thank you very much for having me. I'm excited. It is 10:00 p.m. okay, there we go.
Speaker B: So we're basically a twelve hour time difference here. So morning for me, night for you. So thanks for staying up late for this chat. Super pumped. Let's, uh, let's get started with kind of your background. So, you know, what is your background in the crypto and NS NFT space? You know, where did along the way, did that evolve into what you're doing today with ether cards?
Speaker A: We started quite early. We started working with crypto in 2013 when bitcoin was $10 and Ethereum did not exist. So we built the first bitcoin ATM in Asia. We deployed it in early 2014 and then wanted to build something bigger. We actually had an idea to create a system where anybody can create their own tokens. Of course, you cannot do it with bitcoin. So we Ford Ripple, we removed XRP and we built in ring signatures from Monero to create a distributed asset management system. But that was 2014, very early and later that year, Ethereum beta came out and it was so significantly better than what we built that we dropped what we built and we started to work on Ethereum. So since the beta days we have been on Ethereum working with different companies and writing smart contracts.
Speaker B: Wow, that's awesome. Probably a little crazy that you've built all this stuff on the ring signatures in Monero and then decided, oh crap, we have to drop everything we're doing.
Speaker A: You need to acknowledge when you see the differences. And that was fundamentally a better platform. So, yeah, no questions there.
Speaker B: So how did the product evolve from that time where your original idea is, hey, how can we help people, anybody out there create their own token to what we're seeing today with ether cards that were there?
Speaker A: There were so many, so many turns in that route that I don't think we can go through them all. But basically, the long story short is that we quickly went through the yay. We can put a JPEG on the token phase and wanted to see what else we can do with the technology. So we built stuff. We built a system where you can connect physical objects with NFTs properly. And also we did the ticketing systems like we did the ticketing for Defcon Osaka for the Ethereum Foundation, Defcon and a couple of other things. And we started to build, started to see a requirement, a need to build a system that can be used by any project, any open source project, to fund and monetize themselves, as long as they have a community around them. So we started to build an NFT based funding and monetization system that can be used by any project, not only DeFi or financial based projects, but if you want to do a distributed VPN, if you want to do an educational project or anything else, you should be able to use this system as long as there are people who are interested in what you do. And once we built it, we realized that it could be used for much more than what we wanted to. Anybody with a community, an actor, an artist, an athlete, a celebrity, a youtuber, a service provider, a cosplayer, anybody who has a community is able to use the system that we build to engage and grow their community. And in turn, their community can help them to sustain their own projects. So go ahead. No, that's it.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's super interesting. And that's kind of what intrigued me when we had our first conversation about, you know, all of the, I didn't realize how much you could do with the things that you guys are building. So I'm going to let you here share your screen, kind of, while we walk through some of the capabilities of what ether cards is. And I think to your point there, where it's really a platform now that it's evolved into, that anybody with the community can engage in a really unique way that is kind of out of the box. Right. Because there's so many, there's, you know, we see in the NFT space all these projects, and launching one is, is not easy. Right? Like, there's plenty of people out there that have the community to potentially engage with. But the actual nuts and bolts that go into a physical launch is, you know, whether it's writing, finding somebody to write a smart contract, doing the art, doing the, you know, upkeep of all of that stuff and actually getting to a launch point is really hard. Right. So I think what's really unique here is what you guys have created in kind of like a plug and play and customization piece. So, yeah, why don't you walk us through kind of some of that?
Speaker A: Thank you. I will do that. So these are the cars that we have created for ourselves and issued back in March for our own community. We have 10,000 cards. And as you can see, they have very nice art. We actually worked with 70 different artists who helped us to put this together. But these cards can do much more than display beautiful art. If you look at one. Let's see this one. I always demo this one. This is my favorite. This is from dirty robot wizards. So as you can see, as many of the cards in our collection, they have two sides, so you can turn it around and you actually have a layered art, generative art on the back. We call it accidental collaboration because it was created by 15 artists. Each of the 15 artists created five layers. And these five layers are randomly distributed on the, on the cards. So you can actually see the layers like this.
Speaker B: That's interesting.
Speaker A: And you can actually see who created these layers. This is dirty robot. This is David Sabot, Jujan Natashi. And these are common layers. You can actually see, get statistics on them and everything else. And this is also part of the platform that we are going to release in October. So when you set up your own collection, you will be able to define your own layers. You will be able to upload the different parts. And with this feature only, with this feature only, you should be able to recreate like 95% of all the NFT series out there because most of them, that's all what they do. But these cards can do way more than being able to use layers or, or randomized generative art on them. Let's turn it back and see. So this is, you can see that this is an OG card and this has 15 traits. The traits are features and functions that make sense in the context of the community. So the traits on our cards make sense for our community. The traits on Mike Tyson's cards or dirty robots cards or Steve Auke's cards makes sense in their context for their community, helps the engagement and sometimes even the monetization of that community. Let me, let me show you a couple of trace to have an idea of what, what traits are. So reforge is an interesting trait. If you burn this trait, if you own this card, you can burn this trait and then you will reroll the layers and you will get a different set of the layered, layered art on your card. And then this trait will disappear. It will burn from your card. You can also have, okay, so that's.
Speaker B: One that you, that's one you can only use once. So you get like one, one reroll of that. Okay, got it?
Speaker A: Yes. Some, some, some trades are once one, one time use, but some traits can stay on forever. Like rdrop is a passive trade as long as you have an airdrop trade on your card from time to time. When you, when, when artists are using this platform and issuing their own nfts, a small portion of that is reserved for airdrop trade owners. So they will get this drop in their wallet. For example, I think what we did for dirty Robot, he created this fantastic series called Seasons and the first drop came in early September. And some of the hard drop owners got nfts from that, from that.
Speaker B: So that's from your, so that's your OG collection has that trait. So people as sturdy robot or another artist drops on your platform, if they have that trait, they're eligible for some, you know, some kind of art airdrop. Right. Which is really cool. Yeah.
Speaker A: Thank you. And it's like so on, so on. Different traits do different things that make sense in this context. I maybe highlight three more. Disco dropper is more like, more like an experimental trade. It's a meta discount. So what it does from every month, it drops a different discount rate on the card. And if you are happy with the trade that was dropped, you can burn the disco dropper and then the last trade that it dropped will stay on your card. So it's kind of just gamifying the experience and seed if people like it. True name is very straightforward. You can burn this trait and rename your card from visas to whatever you want. And maybe last one I want to show you, we can have tickets on the trade on the card. This is a punk battle ticket. If you have a punk battle ticket, you can enter to a battle royale tournament, which is basically a card game, which is associated with your cards, and you can win prices. The top price is a crypto punk. So you can actually win a crypto punk if you play well, actually, three crypto punks are reserved for better royal tournaments.
Speaker B: That's awesome. That's a good incentive. Yeah, go ahead. Yeah, go ahead.
Speaker A: No, just last thing I wanted to show you that we did a lot of effort to make sure that when you see this card in a different platform, for example, on OpenSea, it will retain most of its dynamic nature. So you can actually see the layers on open sea. You can even see the trades. And ideally, hopefully soon, you can actually interact with the trades on OpenSea as long as you own the card.
Speaker B: Oh, that's interesting. So obviously, Opensea is kind of the place most people go for this thing. So you'll be able to potentially burn your traits, right. In conjunction with Opensea?
Speaker A: That is the plan, yes, but definitely the dynamic nature and the interactivity of the card is absolutely possible, as you can see.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's awesome. So just to clarify for people out here, so you have your kind of ether cards, the OG series, right? Which is the ones that you guys have released. Right. And then on top of that, you have done some releases with other, you know, either athletes or celebrities that have dropped on your platform. So, you know, you. I'm familiar, I kind of got familiar with you guys with like the Lamello ball release and Mike Tyson. So, so the OG cards are, you know, your specific ether cards collection that will be, that you can find on Opensea as well as here. Now, if somebody's going to Opensea to look for these, where are they going to look?
Speaker A: I'll show you. Sorry, Opensea. And if you just search for ether cards and you will see ether cards. Founder, this is the official name of the collection. And we have three types of cards. We have the founder cards, which are the four digit cards, the alpha cards, the three digit cards, and the ogs, the two digit cards. Those are the most expensive because we only have 90 of them. Alphas, we have 900. And founders, we have 9000. All together, 10,000 cards.
Speaker B: Awesome. So I think this will be a good spot here to talk about kind of the founders, this collection here, and what you guys are doing from one of the most maybe exciting giveaways that I've seen in a while. So this has to do in conjunction with your founders collection here, correct?
Speaker A: Yes, that's correct. So when we started this whole business, we, we acquired 30 crypto punks and we promised to the community that we're going to give it away to the community. And this is happening. We wanted to build something where it is not a lucky draw. This is not that. Okay, I have a one to, I don't know, one to 3000 chance to get a punk or something like that. So what we do, what we did, we are fractionalizing the 27 punks because we have 30 punks. Three goes to the battle royale and 27 is going to be dropped on the cart. So we fractionalizing the 27 punks and these punk pieces will be equally spread on all the cards.
Speaker B: Interesting.
Speaker A: And as long as you collect enough pieces to redeem one punk, you can just go to the redeem page. Just you will get a punk.
Speaker B: So if I collected enough cards to complete, I guess, an entire punk, right. Then you get that punk. Interesting.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So what if people want to get involved with this and try to get into either the giveaway of the punk or just a piece of the fractionalized punk? What are they looking for to, to potentially pick up in their collection?
Speaker A: Every single card, every single little card. All the 10,000 pieces will get punk fractions. So as long as you have a card, it is guaranteed that you will have a piece of a punk. Wow, that's awesome. And then that piece, you can collaborate with others and redeem a punk with others. Or you can give it to others. You can make arrangement because this is going to be an ERC 20 token. That is going to be the punk fraction.
Speaker B: The representative of the punk fraction. Right? So that's right. Got it.
Speaker A: So basically, putting it to numbers, we will have 27 punks. So we're going to drop 27 million pieces of dust. We call it dust on the cards. The ogs will get the most. They will get hundred thousand piece each. The alphas will get 10,000, and the founders will get 1000 piece of dust. And altogether that is 27 million.
Speaker B: Got it? Okay, so that makes sense. So then each individual punk fraction would be worth a million tokens. So like, if you had a million dust worth of cards in your card.
Speaker A: You get the punk.
Speaker B: Yeah, you would have a full punk there.
Speaker A: That's interesting. And what will happen is we don't, it's not a specific bunk. So if you have 1 million piece, you can go to the redeem contract. And the contract will choose a VRF number using chainlinks. VRF. And then it will pick one of the punks from the available 27.
Speaker B: Got it.
Speaker A: And then you will get that. So we won't decide. And you won't decide. It will be up to the, up to the VRF number.
Speaker B: Yeah. Very interesting. So when does the kind of release of dust go? When does all of that happen? So people could know when to go.
Speaker A: In seven days, in the 30 September. That's coming very soon. Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay. So if you're out there and you're listening to this and you're saying, oh, man, I would like a fractionalized piece of a punk, or, you know, go start a collection and kind of work your way up here to a punk. This is a really interesting way to do it. And you can check out where we were talking about before on Opensea. Go to that opensea ether card founder collection. And that's where you can pick up some of those cards that are out there right now. My guess is now's probably a good time versus a week from now. Right? So that would be my guess. So just one more time, the levels of dust. So the OG card is the lowest level there.
Speaker A: And then no OG card is the. Is the most expensive, the highest level.
Speaker B: Got it. Okay.
Speaker A: OG card we only have because we divided the cards by the digits in the serial number. So ogs goes from ten to 99, only 90 pieces. So these are the most valuable. They will have hundred thousand piece of dust. Technically one 10th of a punk.
Speaker B: Wow. Yeah.
Speaker A: Then the alpha cards, which goes from 100, serial number 100 to 999, we have one, we have 900 of them. They will have 10,000 dust, which is 1% of a punk. And then the founder cards go going from 1000 to 9999, 9000 of them. Each of them will have 0.1% of a punk, 1000 dust.
Speaker B: Got it. Okay. I'm glad we clarified that. So that's how you can decide what to potentially pick up there for the fractionalized punk giveaway, which is pretty cool. I mean, not getting access to any access to a punk from a fractionalized standpoint is pretty interesting because obviously they're super expensive to pick up on your own. And I love the way that you could potentially collaborate with other people in the community to kind of grab one, a full one full share, and, you know, kind of do what you want from it, with it from there, which is pretty interesting. So that's awesome. So, okay, so we've got, we've talked, you know, who you guys are, what you're doing. We've talked about the punks giveaway. I wanted to show kind of some of the other collections you've done first. So, like the Tyson and Lamello, if you have access to those pretty quick, and, and then we can kind of lead into the last big piece of news here, which I think is. Is probably the most, uh, exciting thing that we'll talk about today. So, um, yeah, so if you want to walk into, like, Mike Tyson or LaMelo, whichever one you.
Speaker A: You feel better with the last word on the punks. If you go to punks dot iter, dot carts, you will see this page with all the details of the giveaway and every other explanation.
Speaker B: Cool. Perfect.
Speaker A: Mike Tyson. Mike Tyson. We collaborated with OpenSea to issue this very special collection for Mike Tyson, and it is using our platform, and that is also showing that we are not trying to compete with OpenSEA or other marketplaces. We are not a marketplace. This is a platform as a service. You can actually use ether cars platform and issue an OpenSea or issue on Nifty Gateway or another platform as well. So Mike Tyson, 528 items, 528 nfts. There is only, there is. There is quite a few traits on these nfts, but there is only one of the 528 that has a very special trade. If you have that NFT, you can redeem that trade for a meeting with Mike Tyson. So that is. So that is one of the. This is one of the ways you can utilize our.
Speaker B: Yeah, I was just going to say. So, like, if you. And we'll get into it in a couple minutes here. But, like, if you're a celebrity or a community that has access to stuff, and you can customize that trick these traits on the cards. Right? So, like, this is a custom trait that you guys built out with, you know, that gave, you know, only one of these cards this special access, but it literally lives as a trait on the card. Like we were talking about prior. Right. Okay, that's, yeah, that's awesome.
Speaker A: Let. Let me show how others are using these, these traits. The other, the other one is that I want to show is dirty robot. Dirty robot is a fantastic artist, and he created this collection called seasons. The first season, summer came out. It has four cards, four pieces of art like this. And each cut has two versions, a night and the day version. If you put the night and the day together and put it into the. Into the time forge, you will get, you will lose those cards and you get one NFT, which is going to change its color scheme based on the time of the day. So it's going to be animated card.
Speaker B: That's.
Speaker A: And then you find or create four of those, the four, four different image, and then you will end up with this final piece of NFT like this. And this will also change. This is the early morning version, and it will change like this over the day into late night. So this is going to be a very special NFT. The real world will affect it. Your local time will affect how your NFT looks like. And of course, also this NFT will have traits on them. So this is probably one of the, one of the most advanced NFT as of now. In terms of technology. As you can see, it has a lot of traits. This one will get you a high quality print of the image with dirty robots signature on it. This one will get you, again a one on one session with the artists themselves. So you can talk with them. You can even ask them to draw something for you. And this one will get you a 10% discount on the upcoming. Because this was summer, so autumn is coming now the next drop is coming for the seasons, so you will get a 10% discount on the autumn drop. And these ones are redeemable trade. But what you redeem is nfts that cannot be acquired in any other way. You can burn this trade and you get this particular NFT.
Speaker B: That's interesting. So, yeah, I love the fact that each, with your technology and platform, each community can really get really, really in depth with the customization of these traits. Right. Because in a pretty simple way. Right. So if you were to do this, I'm just thinking of like launching a regular project. If you were to do this on your own with the normal process, that is kind of accepted at the moment, it's really hard to do. The platform really makes it simple and allows for, I think, potentially way more creativity in the sense of what you can do with the actual traits because you're not limited essentially by the technology, because you guys are kind of providing all of that on a back end standpoint and not to mention the art and the dynamic nature of these is really cool as well. So I love this idea. So then I guess for the last piece here, now that we've seen them all or you want to see this, you want to do the Steve Aoki one as well.
Speaker A: Last one, Steve Aoki because it's a special one he's using. Another feature that we have is called forge. With the forge you can if trait is on one card, forge works with multiple cards. In this case it's two specific NFT. You need to get his NFT called distorted reality and the other one called the fighting gravity. If you get these two and drop them into these places, then you can redeem this, this particular NFT called bridge over troubled water. And you will not lose the other nfts, you will only lose the forged trade from them. Oh, cool. So you will keep all three, but you will get an extra one that you cannot get in any other way. Very cool.
Speaker B: That's about, I mean, that's awesome because you can really gamify potentially the collection as well, right? Wherever you're incentivizing collecting multiples or specific ones as well, which is really, really interesting. So obviously people listening to this thinking, okay, this is really cool. But of course, that's Mike Tyson and Steve Aoki and dirty robot. Now, what does that do for me who may have access to a couple thousand person community that I'm trying to, you know, build relationship with reward, all that kind of stuff. So how can some, let's say a normal person, not Mike Tyson, Steve Aoki or dirty robot, how can they utilize what you guys are doing from a technology standpoint?
Speaker A: So what we are doing, we started with the idea to make it available for the normal person. This was, as you remember, this was to help open source and other projects to fund and monetize themselves. So next month we're going to release the first version of our self service platform where you can come sign up and start building your own collection. It will be a web interface where you can create your layers, you can upload the layers, you will be able to pick the traits and even submit everything. And everything will be deployed for you. Even your own smart contract that will help you to sell the cards will be deployed for you. So basically you get the whole thing in a self service way and that is where you will be able to utilize the same functionalities.
Speaker B: That's awesome. So you can, from a traits perspective, there's your kind of out of the box traits that you have that you've seen some of these other projects use. But you'll also be able to customize things as well that are unique to your community, correct?
Speaker A: Yes, of course there is a level. There are two things to mention. One is that the first version that is coming out will be limited, meaning you can be able to create your collections and we will add, with every new release, we will add more and more functionality to it. And the other thing is that if you want to create a completely custom trait, you will have two routes. You either build it yourself and develop it yourself because we're going to provide the SDK so you can actually build it yourself and deploy it for yourself, or you can talk with us and we can build it for you.
Speaker B: Got it. Interesting. So that leaves, again, an extra level of creativity if you wanted to go and develop something like that yourself with the SDK. So that's super interesting. So when can people, you know out there, if they're listening, that want to develop a project or have access to a community that they want to, you know, reward? How can or what, when exactly will that be available to them?
Speaker A: The official answer is October. Okay, we will do what we can, but if you want to get into the, get into the system as soon as you can. There is a, we have a site called Bizdev Ether cards. There is a form there you can sign up and then we will get back to you as soon as it out. Or we actually, if we can help you to build your cards.
Speaker B: That's awesome. Cool. So from, I guess from a cost standpoint, if somebody is using the self service portal, what can they expect from a cost standpoint for how ether cards kind of makes, they're cut off of that.
Speaker A: Currently, the usual deal is that we get, when somebody is issuing a set of nfts, we get a certain amount of percentage of the sale. So that is a very straightforward way of doing it with the self service platform. There will be probably prices, but I don't know the prices yet. But what I know that if you actually have an ether cardinal, you will be able to do it way cheaper with a huge discount only by holding an ether card in your wallet when you create your collection. In fact, in the first month, you will need an ether card to create the collection because the ether card will be your login, your account, for which you will create your own collection. And through your ether card, you will be able to control and modify your collection.
Speaker B: Very cool. I like that piece as well. So it rewards your current card holders. It helps people kind of get involved with the project if they're not already. I love that idea. I'm looking forward to playing with the self service platform myself because we've, since we talked about this, probably a month or so six weeks back, you know, with things like the DJ network, we, this is, this seems like a really interesting way for us to be able to potentially put out, you know, our first project and reward our community and things like that. So super looking forward to messing with the self service portal when it comes out, but I think is there. Let's real quick before we wrap up, where can people find you? What's the, you know, what's the best contacts to get in touch for if they have questions. And where can people, you know, locate you guys?
Speaker A: Find us on Twitter, ether cards and in the description you will find our discord server. And I frequent the discord server very, very often. Very frequently. We've got a large, very positive and very supportive community on discord. And please come, please say hi and if you have any questions or anything like that, me or somebody else from the community will help you. Awesome.
Speaker B: That's great. Anything else that you wanted to touch on that we maybe didn't just in the time or anything that you wanted to add before we wrap up?
Speaker A: Basically the last thing is that I have a team of 25 people who is working, who are working on this project and I have a lot, probably everything to thank to them for their work and for their dedication. And we have a team, a group of 7000 people on discord who are incredibly supportive and help us to go on this not simple project. So I wanted to thank, I wanted to thank for the 7000 and for the 25 for so far.
Speaker B: That's awesome. I love that there's honestly, you know, when you can build community like that and have a bunch of people that, you know, can work with to build something really awesome like this, it's, it's a really great feeling and I'm excited for what you guys have. And I'm a fan. In the last six weeks, I've turned into a big ether card fan. So thank you very much. Yeah, so I appreciate you stopping by and chatting with us. I'm super excited for both the punks giveaway and oh, there you go. How about 05:00 a.m. ether card? Thank you. Ether card. You're a blue chip big fan there. So actually 05:00 a.m. said before when you first jumped on that he bought ether cards in 2017.
Speaker A: That was our previous incarnation. We had physical cards. Awesome. Thank you very much. Show us in discord. I may give you some discount for that card.
Speaker B: There you go. That's awesome. So thank you very much, Andres, for jumping on with us today. Super excited to check out the self service portal and go get yourself a fraction of a punk. That's fantastic. Yeah, that's going to do it for us today on mint condition. And until next time, stay mint.
