Speaker A: GMGM. What's going on?
Speaker B: Thanks so much, man. How are you?
Speaker A: I am good. I'm just, you know, trying to pin some stuff up to the top that we might or might not talk about today and ready to get this show on the road. How have you been?
Speaker B: Good, man. It was a good day today. I was supposed to get my wisdom teeth out, and then they pulled the shoot on me as I walked in. They're like, now you're good, bro.
Speaker A: Really? Now? Do you think that's because they were lazy or.
Speaker B: Well, I don't know.
Speaker A: Or, like, did you. Are you just suddenly not in need?
Speaker B: So I went a couple weeks ago just for, like, a regular checkup, and I have two, like, wisdom teeth on one side of my mouth. Like, I only have two wisdom teeth, and they're kind of, like, half, like, half protruded, you know what I'm saying? Like, half out. And then the one doctor's like, oh, like, you know, we can take those out because, you know, they're not all the way out. It's kind of hard to get at them, you know? Yeah, that's cool. So we set up the appointment, and, like, my regular doctor saw me today, and he's like, let's take a quick scan. And he took a quick scan, like, there's, like, I don't know, like, a bunch of, like, what do you call it? Not tendons. What do you, like? Nerves? Yeah, nerves. That's what it is. Like, around the tooth. Like, yeah, like, we could take it out, but we could really fuck up your face. Like, ah, no, let's not do that. He's like, does it hurt? He's like, do the teeth hurt? And I'm like, no, I'm good. He's like, yeah, so we're good. So Amber and I took, like, the week off for this. I mean, I took two days off, and then I took the rest of the week off just for, you know, might as well take some time off.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: So now, like, I mean, so now you've just. Now you're free as bird all week. Like, how many days off do you.
Speaker B: Have here, you know? Yeah. So it's all right. So, yeah, I thought I was gonna have, like, a couple of days, maybe two, three days where I couldn't eat anything immediately. Go to a diner for breakfast. After this, Amber and I, with a little shopping, like, I would say late morning, came back, took a nap. Like, it's a good day. It's a good day.
Speaker A: I'm. I'm in shock that, like, I wish, like, you know, this is, like, you. This is like your adult version of, like, winning the.
Speaker B: Absolutely. Like, absolutely.
Speaker A: You know, and it's. Yeah, I'm happy for you. I'm glad you don't have to get your wisdom teeth removed. Um, it's. It's been a less fortunate, I would say, over on this end. Uh, I think, um, yeah, starting. I mean, going straight up, way back to, uh, nft NYC, so. Which was, you know, almost a month ago at this point, like two, three weeks. Two and a half, three weeks ago. Um, so as you know, I got sick, and I was sick for, like, two weeks, and now the entire family is. And I. As bad as I was, I ended up getting it, like, the least. And so my little five month old got hand, foot and mouth, which is just.
Speaker B: Sounds gross. Like, that's the grossest sounding one.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. And it. And it typically is not a thing adults get, but my wife, I've heard.
Speaker B: Of adults get, like, I think one of Amber's friends, their kid used to get, like, hand, foot, mouth all the time, and, like, they got it, so.
Speaker A: Yeah, so she got it. And it's. It's terrible. She's miserable, so she's gotta, you know, be watching two kids while I'm working, and it's just, you know, it's just not a great time for everybody. But you've hit the lottery, and I'm.
Speaker B: And honestly, I forgot it even started off. I woke up literally at, like, eight in the morning, checked my phone on a trade I made.
Speaker A: No, well, we'll get there. We'll get there, we'll get there. I don't want to jump the gun here, so I should restart there because I feel like it's the thing almost everyone is talking about here, and so I feel like it's. It's a. What we should start with. What do you think? All right. For those who may or may not be familiar, we are, of course, talking about meme coin season. I would actually. I didn't prep you for this, but I'm going to put you on the spot while we're talking about this. And I want to you to. Hmm. I want you to give us your, like, shitcoin bible here. Like. Yeah, you know, I want you to give us the keys to watch out for and how to play the official shit coin market here. Because we are in. We're meme coin season, which are potentially the most alluring yet dangerous of all the. Of all the shit coins. Would you agree that in the. In the, you know, in the category of shitcoins, meme coins may be the most dangerous.
Speaker B: 100%. It's not even close. Meme coins are the most dangerous. They get more and more dangerous as memes coin season, you know, progresses. Absolutely. Like, like, I would say we are in the fall of meme coin season. Like, yeah.
Speaker A: Meaning, like, we've already, we've already gone through. So we've already gone through spring and summer of. Okay, so, so let's talk, let's, let's, let's talk about this, because I think it's important. And as you see everybody jumping into the meme coin meta, uh, I think, you know, you as somebody who has been in the space here for a minute, right? I've seen some things, five going on six years. You've seen some stuff, uh, you've seen some things and some stuff, some would say. And, uh, you know, so you've been around the block. You've. You've made a lot of money on, on these coins. You've lost a lot of money on these coins. And we want to give people the best chance at survival when it comes to this stuff. So, first of all, I think that your first point is, right, like, I would say, meme coin Bible. Rule number one, you stand to have the best chance of success the earlier in the meme coin cycle. Even the shit coin cycles. Meme coin slash shit coin cycle. You are. Why is that? Because I agree with you.
Speaker B: I don't think it's much different than nfts. You know, I mean, I feel very, very similar. Right. Something really pops off, right? The meta a couple months ago was the, whatever the bullshit was with the checks, you know, I mean, invariance of that.
Speaker A: So you're saying here, you're saying that meme coin season is to nfts as derivatives are to NFT.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, not necessarily derivatives, but, yeah, I mean, I would. Yeah, yeah, I would say, well, you.
Speaker A: Using checks as an example is why I thought you meant derivatives, because you were like, okay, checks, but then you saw 80.
Speaker B: But like, I would say more like, what's that style of NFT called again? Like the checks themselves, open edition. So that's, that's what I'm more equating to what meme coins are. So open edition season, right? So by the times, by the time checks kind of, you know, hit their peak, right?
Speaker A: They were the first one. They started the craze, and by the end of it, people were paying nest graphics $2 million. Yeah.
Speaker B: So I would get a g way, you know, like, that's more, you know, analogous to what, you know, meme coins are. Is that style not necessarily checks themselves, but like the open edition stuff. Right. Because there's probably, I know there was a couple of open editions prior to checks that would have been like your spring into summer checks was like summer. And then by the time.
Speaker A: Right. Because you, because you can't be too early. Because if you're too, if you're too early, you never get the critical mass.
Speaker B: You want summer time. You want summertime of the season.
Speaker A: Yes, I understand that. Yeah. So I'm definitely with you there because checks wasn't the first open edition, but it had enough on the radar at that point where people were interested in it. It also had some other, some jack butcher, well known. It's not this a non person here, um, much as they are with shitcoins and meme coins specifically. So, um. Okay, I think that's a great, great rule number one. The longer you are, the further along you are in the meta, the more chance you, um, stand to get wrecked. I think that's, I think that's true. If you agree or disagree with that, let us know in the comments, because I think, I think that one is very true. Um, because if you're too early, there's not enough eyes on it. If you're too late, you know, people have made their money and every kind of scam and people are trying to jump on board and there just becomes too many of them. You need that concentrated volume. Right. Okay, let's give us your next, your next rule of meme coin.
Speaker B: Quick. You wanna, you wanna, you want to.
Speaker A: As in, as in time of trade.
Speaker B: You want that time horizon to be like, I think more than three days is too much.
Speaker A: So in this example, now you're talking in a specific trade. You want, your time horizon should be short, right.
Speaker B: Depending on where you are.
Speaker A: Why is that?
Speaker B: Depending on where you are in the season. So I knew, like, for example.
Speaker A: Right? So that's a great, great distinction, because Pepe, if you've bought then and are still holding, you're up thousands of.
Speaker B: Exactly. So I would say Pepe started in the spring of meme coin season. So if you hop onto something in the springtime, you can ride it right into the fall. Right. Which I think where we are right now, I don't know what the chart on Pepe looks like currently, but I.
Speaker A: Did know parabolic still good for you guys.
Speaker B: That's amazing. So, yeah, so I don't know. There's going to be, there's all of a sudden, all this new money. Right. So with, with Pepe specifically. So you kind of have to stay in the. If you're going to make money. Like, you know, people are trying to flip nfts right now. It might be a little bit more difficult when, you know, so much money is a has. Is being traded and b has been created during this pepe run. Right. So you kind of have to stay in that same type of market. Right. So I saw an opportunity yesterday with yesterday.
Speaker A: Wait, don't, don't, don't. We're not there yet. We'll get there. No, we'll get there.
Speaker B: We're still going through, I would say, short term. So I knew that we were kind of like end of summer as of like the weekend, but I knew there was a lot of money floating around. So I knew there was a particular move I wanted to make that was gonna be very short term. In my opinion, it was gonna be like 24 to 48 hours. So I would say, yes, the longer you are in the season, the shorter your time horizon should be. That fair for.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think correct. And now I think. I think all of that is correct. Next would be, you know, we're now, I think, far along enough where there's a lot of new ones popping up and things like that. How are you deciding and where are two, two part question. Where are you doing your meme coin research? And what goes in to said research? Or, you know, if. If in meme coin. Meme coin seasons, it might just be vibes.
Speaker B: Absolutely vibes. I mean, I feel like this in a lot of my trades, right? I go with where is the speculation going? Where's the wave of speculation? Whereas the wave of intrigue in a particular project or coin or whatever. I use Twitter like any good trader. I saw an opportunity where somebody was talking about something that hasn't really popped yet, that had a pullback, that had a very low market cap. Meme coin season is all about small market, captain. So I like sub 10 million.
Speaker A: Expand on. Expand on that. Why is that the case?
Speaker B: Well, so the reason I like a smaller market, I like single digit, million dollar market cap. Like a $2 million market cap is amazing. Back in the day, you used to be like a 500,000 market cap coin. But yeah, I would say sub 5 million, especially when you're dealing in, like, shitcoins, because the amount that you, you could spend, you know, a few thousand dollars and really, really have a big chunk of, you know, I saw.
Speaker A: I saw the. One of the earliest people in Pepe put in 0.3 or something and turned it into, like, 2 million.
Speaker B: That's what I'm saying. Like, that's nuts. Good for them. Like, that's amazing.
Speaker A: That's. But, like, results atypical.
Speaker B: Absolutely.
Speaker A: So, like, don't get carried away, because there are some things you need to be careful here. I would say 99% of these are not going to work out in your.
Speaker B: Absolutely, absolutely. I mean, that also being said, like, that person, you know, maybe for them, that was a small percentage of their. Of what they were playing around with, you know, you said 0.3. Yeah. Some people throw point threes around. Like, it's nobody's. You know, like, it's not a big thing. So, um. But I'm sure at the time when it was 0.3, I don't know what the market cap was for Pepe. I'm sure it was very, very small. Um, and as it grows, I think. I think I heard it crossed $400 million. Is that accurate for Pepe?
Speaker A: Probably. It's, like, stupid. Like, people are now. People are saying now, like, they have their sights set on, like a billion. Like, shib. Yeah. As a market cap. And who knows?
Speaker B: Stranger things have happened.
Speaker A: Yeah. So, okay, there's a question from our beloved v squared. Is there too small of a market cap? He's seen people jumping into some that are under one to 2 million.
Speaker B: I mean, the one I got into yesterday, I think when I got into it, it was 2.5 million. Okay, so, no, I would say the bet, that's even better. Like you say, if you. If the right person was talking about a coin that was under a million dollars, I would.
Speaker A: Who's the right.
Speaker B: I mean, depends.
Speaker A: I feel like we're getting. This is. This is dangerous.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, if somebody that you follow on Twitter is Pauly Polly and Ryder racer. Yeah, yeah. Rip racers, whatever their names are. I don't know, just people that you trust. So if. If or you know, that you've been following for a while that you think are. Whatever, they're just smart. They've made money in the past, we'll say. And they're. They're saying something about a particular project that is at a. Under, you know, under a million dollars or under $5 million. You know, personally, myself, I'm gonna pay a little attention to it because I know just based on following that, that can easily go to a $10 million market cap. You know what I mean? Like, easily. So that's something I pay attention to.
Speaker A: Are you worried about liquidity? In these.
Speaker B: Like, I mean, I would only be worrying about liquidity if I was, like, the pepe guy, but, I mean, there's obviously enough liquidity there now. Like, if I. If I turned, like, a $1,000 into, like, $15 million. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Did you see the slippage when I.
Speaker B: Traded mine or when he traded his?
Speaker A: No, the dude that hit for 2 million, it was, like, 50% or something. 40. 40%.
Speaker B: That's amazing. I think when I traded mine, it was a slippage of, like, 1.5%. So that.
Speaker A: Well, that's pretty good. Okay, so now you. So, basically, you've said you do no research. No research that you do. Is there a preferred place to be looking at charts for some of these meme coins? Is it Dex tools? Okay, there you go. And. Okay, so this is good. I feel like we've gotten a good meme coin Bible here. Going again. Our friend one in a million commented and asked when the revival of GM coin is coming. And this is our point, right? It's like, most of these. This is the one we bought last year when meme coin season was going off, and it was probably later in the cycle, I'm pretty sure it was, but we thought, like, oh, GM will take off. And then there was a competing GM that outdid it, so. And we also held it too long, so that went straight to proper zero. And, um. Okay, now we're. We're at the point now where we can talk about what we did yesterday, um, because I feel like, you know, we've gone this far, and people are like, oh, you know, how. How. How do these guys know? And I woke up today, and I saw your message, and I was like, I am so jealous of you because, like, I should have done it. I have dabbled in zero. That was the first meme coin I have. No, yeah, of course it is. And you. Of course you hit it, because that's just, like, what you do. And so I'm happy for you, but tell us the. Tell us the research to trade, to exit play that you did yesterday, and then we'll go down to our.
Speaker B: For the record, I haven't had a decent win in a while, so I've been. I've been noticing, too, just because, like, nfts have been, you know, doing what they're doing, and I hadn't played in crypto, like, in chick coins that much. You know, you find yourself in this, like. Like, at least for me, like, you find yourself in just, like, this. Like, hurry up and wait kind of mode where you're not doing anything and like, you're not growing your bag, but your bag's not shrinking either. Or maybe you're taking a little bit out for personal stuff. And I'm like, I just need a win because I feel like you did okay on like the captains and stuff.
Speaker A: I think I was actually still hold. I still hold a full set. And I was actually going to ask later in the show if I should be selling that so we can get.
Speaker B: I know you had had a win fairly recently with those. And I'm like, I haven't had a good win, so this was a good win. I woke up yesterday morning, have a cup of coffee, I was playing Roblox with the kids and I'm scrolling through Twitter simultaneously and I see a tweet from our boy Bitlord, the man who predicted. The man who predicted Covid-19 back in.
Speaker A: 2019, back in 2006. It's that good.
Speaker B: So, you know, we have, we, I think we've had him on the show a couple of times in the past. At least one time I thought, I thought maybe two.
Speaker A: He's the one that told us he lost 7000 ETH in a single trade.
Speaker B: Yes, he did. Holy shit. I forgot about that. So, yes, so he's been around a long time. He's made and lost, I'm sure, millions of dollars, which probably a fair, fair bet. So he had put out a tweet talking about this meme coin called Mong. Like Mong. And he was talking about, I think. I think the tweet was just like, you know, it's, you know, buy more, buy Hmong. It's like $2 million market cap. Like I'm gonna get a put on.
Speaker A: What the hell does mom mean?
Speaker B: I think it's like mongoose coin or like mongolia coin. I forget what it was. It's.
Speaker A: By the way, did you know that there was a, there is a NFT project called Hmong?
Speaker B: They're related. Apparently they are.
Speaker A: So them from the makers of we bring you mom.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: From the smash hit NFT project, mom comes the meme coin you don't want to miss mom.
Speaker B: Exactly. What a win. What a win. Like, I'm sure, I'm sure I haven't looked into it, but I'm sure a failed NFT project into.
Speaker A: Oh, oh, for sure. Right away there.
Speaker B: So what a, what a turn of events for them. So yeah, he's put out something along the lines of like, I'm going to help get this on exchanges.
Speaker A: Although they have bumped they have gone up in price. Wow. You know, not, not terrible. They have 756 ETH traders in volume. Yeah. Currently 0.13 price based on some major activity.
Speaker B: That's wild.
Speaker A: They were sitting, yeah, they were sitting at an average price of like 0.01 and they've ten x.
Speaker B: Good for that.
Speaker A: Wow. Somebody paid five eth for one of these. What is going on? Oh, four minutes ago.
Speaker B: That's amazing.
Speaker A: Oh, my God. What is happening?
Speaker D: Wait, you're talking about Hmong? Are you kidding me? I sold out of that because it bottomed back out of. And now I just looked at the chart. Oh, my God.
Speaker B: I think you get if you hold like a Hmong NFT. I don't know if it's, if it's already happened.
Speaker A: Oh, this is why, this is why that person just bought it for five.
Speaker B: I think there's a certain amount of Hmong coin you get for holding a particular Hmong NFt. So I look, I started looking into it. I'm like, I know Pepe's and ripped. Okay, I did not participate in Pepe, but I know, I'm like, that's going to be the peak of meme coin season. So that means we are in the summer, if not end of summer in my mind.
Speaker A: I like, right, so you got a couple good hits left, if that.
Speaker B: Exactly. Like, there's probably seven more days total of meme coin season. Like by next week, we're probably making jokes about meme coins, right? I'm sure Pepe is still going to be whatever, but like, other meme coins are going to be done. So I see this and I'm like, I'm like, oh, this is, it's bit Lord. I'm like, it's a $2 million market cap. I'm like, it's like, in my mind, I'm like, it's going to five x, no problemo. Like from here, like in my mind. So I see this on my phone, I run downstairs, hop on my laptop, and I buy like about 2.5 eth worth.
Speaker A: Whoa, you bought a shit ton of mom?
Speaker B: Yeah. They got like a cow. Like a little over a trillion mom.
Speaker A: Trillion?
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. Big trilly.
Speaker A: Wow. And I'm like, okay, well, what's it feel like? What's it feel like to be any kind of.
Speaker B: It's pretty cool. Like, there are so many zeros. I'm like, that's. I had to do the decimal count because I wasn't sure what the number was. But yes, it is a ton of one particular coin. And then I kind of just, I knew that it was going to be a short. Either I was going to lose it all, or it was going to do what I thought it was going to do. And so during the day, I'm like, I'm back into shitcoin mode where you're checking your phone every 30 minutes easy. You know what I mean? Checking the charts.
Speaker A: Man, I miss those days. I haven't had it. I haven't had days like that in a very long day. Yesterday. If, you know, if you've been around for any bull run, whether it's a crypto bull run, whether it's crypto bull run is probably, I would say, take what you thought you liked to do, what you were doing with NFT bull runs, and, like, checking your portfolios, and then put it on ten x for a crypto bull run. Would you agree or dis.
Speaker B: The nice thing about crypto bull runs, though, is there's so much liquidity. Like, you don't have to wait to, like, for somebody to buy your stuff.
Speaker A: That's what I mean. That's why you refresh so often. It's just like, every second, something is happening.
Speaker B: So. So throughout the day, it's not doing too much. Like, I think, like early, like late morning, early afternoon, like, I was down maybe a little bit. You know what I mean? Like 20%. And I'm like, oh, geeze, maybe that's not.
Speaker A: You almost cut that, mom.
Speaker B: No, no, I was letting this thing. I was giving it some air to breathe a little bit.
Speaker A: Okay, wait, so a point to add here with, specifically with meme coins and in shit coins in general, you saying you're down 20% may give many people anxiety. However, the volatility of these is very, very minutes against. Yeah, like, right. So we're not talking like 20% on an eth trade, which would make you kind of nervous. You know, the ability to come back up from that is, is tough. In the meme coin streets, you could be down or up 50% in a matter of second. It goes the other way.
Speaker B: I bet you I was down, like, just looking at the chart. I bet you I was down like 35, 40% at one point on that trade.
Speaker A: Um, this is not financial advice, people. The whole point is that this is crazy. Yeah, but we're trying to give you some kind of guidance if and things to think about if you are dabbling in these streets. I. For 01:00 a.m. not chamber crushed it yesterday. Continue.
Speaker B: So, yeah, and in my head, just, you know, if I would have cut the bag at, like. Like, probably an eth. You know what I mean? Like, if. If you lost, like, I'm like, all.
Speaker A: Right, so you've got your mental.
Speaker B: Yeah, I got, like, an e. Like, if it gets below that, like, I'll reassess, but I'll probably pull. So we get down a little bit. Afternoon. We got some kind of traction, you know, up 20%, up 30%, 40%. And I'm. And the whole time I'm in the war room just spamming.
Speaker A: You never. First of all, you never come in the war room. So for you to even be there is just.
Speaker B: I'm making.
Speaker A: Something is happening, right?
Speaker B: Like, you know, like, as soon as I made the trade, I'm in the war room, hey, just bought.
Speaker A: And you're like, hey, everybody should buy Hmong.
Speaker B: Everybody should buy Hmong. Has anybody bought Hmong? Meng. Meng? Maung. Maung Ma. And so anytime I check and, like, something's happened, I'm like, okay. Like. And then I'm also checking in to see if anybody actually got into it. So I'm like, did anybody, like, ever feel like, oh, we're up, like, now?
Speaker A: Did anybody come with me? Did you bring anyone along?
Speaker B: Shane did, of course.
Speaker A: I mean, that's how sharpie is. Chamber says, mom, captain put it perfectly this morning, which, on coffee was captain. Like, chamber doesn't move often, but when he does, it's. It's, you know, typically with some size. And he rarely, you know, misses is how capped.
Speaker B: That's very generous. Not sure.
Speaker A: I'm not sure on the rarely misses. I'm not sure on the rarely misses. But you will take the swing. Like, you're. You're gonna take the swing. You're not swinging at everything, but when you swing, you swing.
Speaker B: Yeah. So I thought I better, like, you know, it just felt really good. Like, I felt like all of the things were lining up, you know? I mean, like, a meme coin. It was. It was.
Speaker A: I mean, it's meant to, mom, right?
Speaker B: It was. That's right.
Speaker A: The. The problem with this specific meme coin is I don't see the meme.
Speaker B: I don't know what the meme is.
Speaker A: I don't get it. Like, how are you supposed to get people to be like, of course, mom. But. So, like, this goes to your point. It's more about who showing what it is, right? Like, this is what. Like, if any coin should. If any meme coin should have survived, it's the GM. Like, you see it all over the timeline, right? Like, GM is a absolutely meanwhile, it's zero and it's Mong to the moon, you know? So good morning. You can't just do good morning to you. GM means good mom from here on out. I want to see daily Goodmong posts from you from now on, because they paid your kid's college tuition at least for one year, for sure.
Speaker B: Like a quarter of a semester, I'm sure.
Speaker A: I'm getting. I'm getting sad, crying faces privately from one in a million right now. I have a feeling he spent his kid's college tuition on GM. Tough one down. Bad. You know? You know, if you go back and listen to that one, we told you it was likely going to zero, but we. We. We took the swing. You know, I think at the time, I put in, like, your size. I put in two eth, which was a lot of money at the time.
Speaker B: I think he would say two Eth is a big swing.
Speaker A: Yeah. And it went. It went directly to zero. But anyway. Cool. So you. You mom it up. You're. You're gming all over the place, telling everybody. So, yeah, you go to bed.
Speaker B: I go to bed, and, like, I'm up. Like, I don't know, maybe, like, I'm up, like an eth, maybe.
Speaker A: Wait, I have two e. I have to interrupt you one more time. Crocs maxi in the war room. If you guys need trading advice, I bought $100 of monk today. When it hits $75, I basically paid dollar 50 to swap it into Pepe. Then Hmong pumped. But see, like, this is why. Shit. Coining in particular, meme. Coining not for the fate of heart. Now, if he. If crocs would have heard us say, hey, don't worry. You're going to get 25% swings faster than you can say good morning, then, you know, maybe he'd still be holding it and he'd be. Plus mom, you know? Anyway, so.
Speaker B: Yeah. So I go to beta. Maybe I'm up, like. Like, maybe two eth at the most. Okay. Like, when you go to bed, like, I'm up. I'm up. I'm like, I feel good. Like, I feel good enough where I can go to bed.
Speaker A: And, like, now, most people with any sort of. I would say sanity would not go to bed with open meme coin trade like this. Especially if you were up, right? Like, you'd be like, all right, I'm not me.
Speaker B: Not this guy.
Speaker A: Not this guy.
Speaker B: Because I know. I know that Australia is on the other side of the world.
Speaker A: I was just gonna say Asia overnight. Asia. That's exactly that's the classic meme of the movie, which is wait till Asia. Absolutely. You know, even though crypto is 24/7 but like, they're awake and they're.
Speaker B: Mom, they are monging. And it was a big, I think that was like a push for the Hmong community. Was, was, was the Asia sweep.
Speaker A: Oh, because. Because of Bill.
Speaker B: Because of Bill or. Right, exactly.
Speaker A: Yeah. Who is Australia? Smart strategy.
Speaker B: That's why during the afternoon is kind of like, you know, meh. And I knew when I was in bed, like, that's when the magic would happen. So I woke up at like, I don't know, three in the morning, you know, use the facilities. Check my. Fuck.
Speaker A: Just long check.
Speaker B: I was up. I was up, like a good amount. Like, I was up maybe like four east. And I'm like, nice.
Speaker C: Sheesh.
Speaker B: Like rolling.
Speaker A: So you're still, you're, you're still. You make your way over to the restroom, you sit down 100% and. And you don't, and you don't swap. You're just like, I'm letting this baby.
Speaker B: I wake up at, I don't know, quarter day this morning. Up. What was I up? 14 e guys, stop. I tried. I bought two and a half, traded for 16 and a half. 16. Three, give or take. Shut.
Speaker A: Oh, my God.
Speaker B: Immediately.
Speaker A: Oh, my God. I went incredible.
Speaker B: Middle of a green, like a massive green candle, like right at the tippy toes.
Speaker A: So that's when you sell.
Speaker B: So 850 or part of me, 750. It's sold. I'm like, I hop in, you know, hop in the.
Speaker A: And you just. Yeah, that's when I saw you in the war room again during. Right, right around. I think it was like 08:05 so coffee had just started and you were.
Speaker B: Like, good morning, everybody.
Speaker A: And that was it. You just a mom and a bong. Start your day.
Speaker B: And because I had to check my uniswap, because I didn't, like, I was. I saw the price, I saw the.
Speaker A: You're like, is this real?
Speaker B: 1 second. And I go on uniswap and I do like, I get the, get the quote for the swap. I'm like, holy fucking shit. Like, this is.
Speaker A: Unbelievable. That's like almost 30 grand overnight. Unbelievable. Good for you.
Speaker B: Now then I didn't have to get my teeth out.
Speaker A: That's right. Like you. This is what I mean. You've been having quite the day. And I mean, these days, first of all, let's put, let's just say this. They don't happen very often.
Speaker B: They do.
Speaker A: Not to anybody in the space. No matter who you are, these are results. Atypical type of stuff. This was a straight up gamble, right. I would say from you, right. You were set to lose.
Speaker B: That was prepared to lose at least the majority of it.
Speaker A: You were not over leveraged. It worked out for you. But I was like, this doesn't happen anywhere to anybody outside of the crypt.
Speaker B: Does not.
Speaker A: Like, this is, like, this is if you told. I told, like, a normal person, dad.
Speaker B: I was talking today because he was checking up to see, like, how the, you know, the removal went and removal. He's like, how the. The wisdom teeth thing go. I'm like, oh, you know, got there no problem. Like, it was. They called an audible, so it basically took the day off. And I'm like, oh, yeah, and by the way, or I think he asked.
Speaker A: Me, by the way, do you have a minute to talk about Maung?
Speaker B: Have I told you about Maung lately? No. He was talking about his bitcoin holdings. And I'm like, oh, yeah.
Speaker A: And you just started laughing.
Speaker B: Awesome. Like, I gotta. I said, yeah. I started off the morning good. And I explained to him, he's like, you live in the craziest world.
Speaker A: It's true. It's freaking true. It's so wild.
Speaker B: A little quote from my father. He's like, you live in the crazy world.
Speaker A: Like, someone's gonna buy my little captain's jpeg here if I go sell it, which is just a baby jpeg right now, and for, like, 15 grand. And we're gonna think it's normal. And nobody else in the.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. Like, even from my dad. Like, he. Out of his friends. I think he's the only one that has, like, a bitcoin bag, and he's the.
Speaker A: My dad. I got my dad on a recurring bitcoin.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: He is. He's a DCA.
Speaker B: That's what my dad.
Speaker A: Into bitcoin. Yeah. I don't. I don't even know. So congratulations, first of all. Yeah. I mean, huge, huge win. I feel like. So the reason I wanted you to tell this story, but I I had to go through the, like, do's and don'ts of. Of meme coining because, like, I'm.
Speaker B: And I'm done.
Speaker A: It's hard to hear. It's hard to hear this story if you are not. If you're on the sidelines and not want to just, like, jump into the next thing. So we. I felt like we had to properly.
Speaker B: Lay out, because I am. I am done. Like, meme. Like, I'm done with the meme coins.
Speaker A: Why press your luck?
Speaker B: I'm waiting for the next season of something.
Speaker A: I mean, I feel like you need to go at least spend 134 and buy yourself an honorary model to commemorate. You should, and you should please, please tweet it out and throw it up here while you're doing that because I would love to see it. I'm going to call some attention before we go to hands to just some things up at the top. Please set your reminders for Wednesday at 04:00 p.m. you can just set your reminder there now for Wednesday. We will be back four to five eastern here on Wednesday. Des will be around, hopefully. And then Friday we have an awesome guest where I'll be having the Jomo project on here. Awesome cause for mental health awareness month. So don't forget to join us there. Uh, Steve. Steve says when cash tag chamber. So he wants you to drop your own mean coin. Uh, meme coin. Um, maybe that would happen soon. You know, it's funny, like, some of these are probably just made by people like us.
Speaker B: Oh, absolutely. Worse.
Speaker A: Those guys are, like, making general generational wealth. Yeah, but definitely worse than us. Yeah, for sure. The cap says, up top meme coin research during my Europe trip last summer. And he posted a picture of the Amsterdam Tulip museum, which is pretty funny. There's also mister pink up top. Free fun, open edition mint tomorrow. Going live for mental health Awareness Month. So check that out as well. Got our news stories up there. We'll decide if we want to get there, but in the meantime, let's go down blockchain ninja, you've patiently had your hand up for a very long time. We had to get through the saga here. GM, welcome.
Speaker D: Good Mong. Goodmong. Good morning. Did you get Mong today? There's so many things I could use that for.
Speaker A: There it is. Hold on. Sorry. 1.4. Just 57 seconds ago, Chamber bought himself a mom.
Speaker B: I just tweeted if you want to continue.
Speaker A: Sorry. Yeah, I'm gonna.
Speaker D: Sweet baby Jesus, Chamber. Your methodology for researching shit coins scares the living bejesus out of me. Check the contract. No, check if they can mint more currency or blacklist your wallet address. I'm not worried about that. I'm going to see if anyone's tweeted about it. That's.
Speaker A: Yeah, these are so. These are some good points here. Blockchain ninja, please give. Give a couple more of these. Of these. Don't that people should. The red flags that people should look out for here during meme coin season. You just touched on, you just touched on two that are important. Right? Like, you run the risk of honey potting. And if you wouldn't mind, describe what a honey pot is for those out there. It's not what the mong eats. Honey mongoose eats honey out of it is actually a very serious thing. Describe a honey pot and how you can check to see if there is one.
Speaker D: So a few things like that, like, if they can mint more tokens, the fly, if the contract doesn't have, like, a capped limit, if they turn the slippage way up, because most sites will only let you put 50% slippage or 52% to 55% slippage at most. So if they have the slippage set over that you literally can't sell no matter what you do. If there's no liquidity in it, like it says, there's a bunch of trading volume, but they've sucked the liquidity out of it, then you can sell one token and the whole thing will go to zero. Stuff like this, if they've transferred the ownership of the contract to a null wallet like Pepe did, that's usually a pretty good sign, but, yeah, you want to make sure, at a minimum, had a minimum chamber. Jesus, that scares me. I'm glad you made money. Seriously, I'm really glad you made money.
Speaker B: Doesn't sound like it.
Speaker D: No, I am. Look, I'm a little irritated because I bought it, like, 0.1. Literally, seconds after it hit Etherscan. I bought Mong it 0.1, and I had, I don't know, 63 billion or something like that off of Ethoscan, too.
Speaker B: I could for you.
Speaker A: What happened?
Speaker D: Yeah, so it bottomed out. It literally went back to almost what it started at. And then as soon as it went up and I had a little bit of profit, which was. .03 oh, I sold. And now today, you could a real trillionaire.
Speaker A: Forget a long trillionaire.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's up a up. Yeah. 1045% just today in the last 24 hours. So, Mong, you chamber.
Speaker A: Chamber. Couple follow ups here from blockchain ninja, because one, I think are very important. So thank you for pointing out some of the technical pitfalls that people should be looking out for. I think it's super important. We saw last. Last season.
Speaker B: Did he not hear that I. That it was tweeted out by Bitlord? I feel that.
Speaker A: Well, I was just gonna say. I was just gonna say that last year we saw some influencers actually tweet out some honey pots that they did not know were honey pots, and. Oh, they didn't got all their, well, link wink. Maybe they did or didn't know. Uh, you know, y'all know who I'm talking about.
Speaker B: I remember who they were.
Speaker A: I mean, it was our wonderful buddy Tyler, who tweeted out a honey pot and got half of his followers, like, 40 grand.
Speaker B: See, that's a, that's a. That's a one bull run influencer. Bill Lord is like a six bull run influencer.
Speaker A: That's true. Bit Lord seen some cycles. That's very true. I mean, throw that into your research. How much, how many cycles has your influence?
Speaker B: 100%.
Speaker A: And have they survived? Right.
Speaker D: You see an influencer, like, sitting on a curb, smoking a cigarette. I've seen some cycles.
Speaker A: That's exactly right. And bit Lord is one of them. Exactly.
Speaker B: If you're not familiar who a bit lord is, go follow him. You will see exactly the guy. The guy definitely smokes cigarettes on the curb after a hard night.
Speaker A: Why don't you go up in a couple of Bitlord video? I'll do that right now, by the way. Okay, so my other question. So definitely check those technical things to make sure you're not getting honey potted in meme coin season. My question to you, Chambers, if you had held the Hmong, would you have been up more, or was there a.
Speaker B: Oh, here's another little tip. I haven't checked.
Speaker A: Never check.
Speaker B: I haven't checked.
Speaker A: See, but I feel like that's the opposite advice that you give on, like, nfts.
Speaker B: No, I feel like I don't check on nfts either. Maybe I am. I am a man of controversial takes.
Speaker A: Fair enough. I mean, maybe I don't. I don't know. I feel like I've heard you say, maybe I have that. You go, you're. Are you a pre. Well, actually, you're not a pre reveal seller.
Speaker B: No, no, I am not a pre reveal seller.
Speaker A: All right, so that's what I mean. Like, do you ever go back and check? Like, I guess that's not you, then. Maybe I'm mistaken. You with cap, who goes back to check? Okay, and then I. So you haven't checked, sounds like by what blockchain ninja just said, you might be up more if you are still holding your hmong. But that's okay. Profit is profit. You take what's good for you. Now, the follow up question here is, should we be expecting your new little friend here, up, pinned up top, to be your profile picture anytime soon?
Speaker B: No, absolutely not.
Speaker A: What do you mean? Why would you not put this.
Speaker B: It's a good month um.
Speaker A: It's almost like. It's almost like that's why I picked it.
Speaker B: It's almost.
Speaker A: So how do you not put this thing as your profile picture?
Speaker B: I like.
Speaker A: All right, give me. Give me. Down in the audience. Thumbs up. If Chambers should be changing his profile picture to commemorate his mom win, I think it's. I think the people are going to resound such a pain.
Speaker B: I wish. Here's a million dollar idea.
Speaker A: Look at this. It's not even close. Except Emily. Emily's the only thumbs down.
Speaker B: So here's some alpha for anybody that wants to do some work. Make me an app where I can change. When I change my Twitter PfP, it changes my PFP on every other piece of social media I use it on. Cause that would be ideal. Cause it's a pain in the butt. I gotta go and go discord, dude.
Speaker A: Totally. I still have a ute. I still have a ute, like, four places, and I just haven't changed.
Speaker B: Very difficult. So that's the majority of it is. I just don't want to have to go and change it everywhere.
Speaker A: All right, so there you go. We've spent 48 minutes talking meme coins that I. And I didn't mean to, but I think we've done a decent job here. We told your mom story. We gave people the do's and don'ts if they choose to get involved. And let's go down to circles. Circles. I was listening to lunch break earlier with Riggs and J web, and they were described. We're talking about how they had the very lovely pleasure of meeting you IRL for the first time. So congrats to them on being graced with your presence. But I did hear something that was shocking to me that I would not have assumed about you, and that is the fact that you apparently have a large beard, and I wasn't. I'm kind of taken aback by that. But welcome to the stage, GM.
Speaker C: GM. Sorry for the handle. Hands down. I've had phone calls and a couple of random things, but, I mean, I wouldn't go large. Bundy's definitely rocking a larger one than me, but it's not. Nothing straight on the face, so it's got a little bit of volume on it.
Speaker A: So you got. What were we talking? Like? You got an inch or are we talking less than that?
Speaker C: I mean, maybe two.
Speaker A: Oh, wow. All right, that's. That's a pretty solid bearden.
Speaker C: Inch and a half. We'll call it inch and a half, which sometimes, I don't know if it gets too hot. Then it'll get trimmed down. I did shave it once when I was going, like, for vacation for a week and I was gonna see anyone and then I swear I would never do that again. So, yeah, it's always gonna have something on the face.
Speaker A: Got it.
Speaker C: Did I have a question regarding slippage? I don't understand what that means. Could I have a TLDR?
Speaker A: You know, it's great that you asked this. It's great. It's great that you asked this question. I'm gonna let blockchain ninja describe slippage to you. However, on last week, maybe. Yeah, where chamber describes slippage, we had a nice little clip. We decided we were gonna do a little back to basics and we did it back to basics on slippage. So, uh, we'll send that to you or chamber if you can find it. Uh, or, or we could pin it up top, but, but blockchain, uh, ninja. Would you like to describe slippage for our buddy circles here?
Speaker D: Oh, I would love to. It's when you're extremely nervous going into a trade and your palms get sweaty and when you go to click, you misclick. No, that's not.
Speaker A: Sorry, that's something else I was waiting for. The weak arms are heavy.
Speaker D: Okay. Slippage is the amount that you lose in the transaction. So, like, if you're going to trade in a hundred of the token and the slippage is set to 5%, you can expect to only get back 95%. Right. You only get back 95 tokens or the equivalent of that.
Speaker A: Any you mentioned before. That can be, that can be, that can happen for a couple of reasons. One, there's, you know, when you're trading on a, let's say a swap site like that, there's kind of, um, or, or an exchange, it's kind of somewhat the difference between bid and ask. Right. So, like, um, it's almost like accepting a. We offer sometimes. Uh, but you also said blockchain ninja, that the contract owner can sometimes set that. Is that true?
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah. They can set the slippage in most of the time, especially.
Speaker A: Why would they do that? And why would they do it high?
Speaker D: They would do it high so they can take more of the token. So, like, if you're trading in a trillion, but the.
Speaker A: Like a royalty?
Speaker D: Yeah, like a royalty. So if you're trading in, let's just say a billion and the slippage is 50%, well, you're only going to be able to cash out literally half of those in the other 500 million go back to the contract. So that's another reason for the slippage. But with shitcoins especially, usually the slippage is pretty high if it's being traded actively and very quickly. So the slippage is the difference in price. Like he was saying, like between market and buyer. Market and sell.
Speaker A: So, yeah, so there's, there's really two ways that happen. So it's either difference between bid and ask like that. Especially if it's happening right rapidly where you don't have an order book like you would on an exchange and it's all on the swap mechanic like Uniswap or sushiswap. And then almost in place of a royalty per se in terms of the contract circles, do you have a follow up?
Speaker C: So the slippage fee basically goes back to the coin creator. That's kind of what I was wondering is it it goes to the coin creator. If it's like burned like gas or something goes to the miner.
Speaker A: It sounds like if it's set at the contract level, it's actually going back to the contract, which is the contract owner. Is that correct?
Speaker D: Yeah. Either way would go back to the contract owner. Because like even if it's like it's being traded a huge amount and you know, by the time you click the button after you set the trade, the price has dropped tremendously. Like that's still going to go back to the contract. It's not going to be burned or anything.
Speaker A: There you go. Circles. This was what is slippage part two with the expertise of blockchain ninja added to the conversation, which I think is way better than ours. Chamber, anything to add?
Speaker B: It's so much more value to everybody.
Speaker A: Yeah. A circle is the clip up top for, if you want to hear chamber describe it is is now up there. You've also posted a Bitlord tweet, grew my hair and did 14,000 push ups. Now I'm aping shit coins, buying nfts and getting mong a t one listing. Look at this guy. He's fucking, he's a.
Speaker B: Tell me you don't want to like run through a wall with this guy.
Speaker A: You know, I mean, and the, I mean, the craziest thing is like he's also, if you've ever spoken to him, he's just got like, oozes personality. Like, I don't. This guy's just one of, he's, he's one of the anomalies out there. I don't know. Like. Anyway. Well, we've, we've talked the whole time about meme coins. Should we just touch a high level on some of the headlines in the NFL. Space from last. Okay, so we've got a couple minutes here left. The big top stories of the day slash weekend blurtainden blur back in the news. As of this morning at 11:00 a.m. blur is introducing blend, the peer to peer perpetual lending protocol for nfts. I see what they did there. Blur lend is blend built in collaboration with transmission one and paradigm. Blend enables ten x higher yield opportunities than the current DeFi protocols and unlocks greater liquidity for nfts. Blur lending is. They're saying it unlocks liquidity for nfts. Token markets have exploded, blah blah blah. How does it. I'm trying to get to the details here. This is all just fluff. Well, blend has zero fees for borrowers and lenders like the blur marketplace. Blend fees are controlled by blur holders and can be turned on after 180 days. Interesting. So now you can basically lend with leverage here. 80% what basically talking about loaning and liquidity on your nfts. I'm interested to see if like if somebody like cap will use this. Cap, give us a thumbs up if you are interested in this blend product. As somebody who is a niftify user who's gotten some liquidity off of your nfts in the past, interested to see if this is something you'd be interested in. Number two, Pharrell and the studio doodles two dropped over the weekend so you could go to the studio which is the central hub for doodles and member home base. And there you can actually customize your dude. The studio is where OG doodles will be able to access community features and participate in official digital experiences. It's also where you can onboard onto doodles to create and customize your doodle in the highly anticipated doodles to character builder. So the beta is now open. I saw some cool creations out there from your Doodles studio. I think Steve said he was messing with it. Pretty cool stuff so you can customize your doodle and what else we got today? Lastly, on April 28, I think that was Friday, Kevin Rose tweeted a cool little video that says what if we had a place to host events, connect, explore art and have conversations and get out of our discord for some fun. Coming soon moonbirds ex Mona so that looks like they are creating a metaverse type experience for their holders to hang out. The video teaser is pretty cool, but at the same time I'm also like, isn't that what high rise was supposed to be? So not too sure on this but it looks pretty cool. The teaser looks awesome. So pumped for that. If you are in to moonbirds hanging around, they've got their reroll for the diamond exhibition coming, by the way. Shouts to I don't know if she's in the audience today, but she often listens to the show. Amanda, aka Stevie, who is the community manager over at Moonbirds, yesterday some Mfers tweeted video. Oh my God, it was so good. It was like, the video was really funny, but I even better, she, quote, tweeted it and was like, hey, if you need a recap of all the baseless FUD from the past year, check out this great video. And I just thought that was so funny because she's leaning into it and the video was actually really good. But that's the top stories here. One more PayPal is letting Venmo users transferred crypto soon. So the current features on Venmo you can buy, but you can't transfer or sell, I believe. So this will allow you to transfer crypto within the Venmo community. So it sounds. It sounds like you can transfer Venmo to Venmo account. You could transfer crypto, you could also send crypto to PayPal accounts. You can transfer to external wallets and exchanges. So basically, Venmo is going to be a crypto wallet soon, which is pretty cool, says starting in May 2023. So expect that from Venmo.
Speaker B: I find it, there's a couple of, like, payment things that are different between Canada and the United States that I find interesting, Venmo being one of them. In Canada, we all.
Speaker A: Do you not have Venmo or cash app?
Speaker B: Like, so, you know, we have various banks here in Canada.
Speaker A: You sell?
Speaker B: No, no, we just use our bank app. And you can text. Like, basically I can text you. Like, I go into my bank app and say, I want to send you like $100. So I just create you as a, you know, as somebody I sent to a receiver which will have your, like, your email, your phone number, your name. And so I say, you know, send bunchu money and send them a. It'll send you an email and I'll send you a text message. So you can either access it through your email or through your text. So most people use text, and then you literally click on it and it connects to your bank. So say we deal with two different banks. It automatically brings up your bank app, and then you just put in your secret code. You can also just turn on automatic deposits. So if somebody sends me money, it just automatically gets deposited into a particular account, so it's a lot simpler. And the other thing I thought was weird.
Speaker A: Yeah. But these Venmo, these Venmo and cash app stuff, they're like, there's, like, some social. Is there to them?
Speaker B: The one weird thing I found in the States, you guys don't have, like, when you go to a restaurant for dinner or whatever, like any type of restaurant, like a sit down restaurant, they don't bring you the machine, like, they debit or, like, credit machine very rarely. That's wild to me.
Speaker A: You know, it's funny, I was at a red robin with my family in a couple weeks ago, and they actually did that. It's, I would say, uncommon.
Speaker B: That's wild. So, yes, any, regardless, if you go to a diner or, like, a very posh restaurant, they always bring you, like, a, like a debit machine or a credit machine, wherever you call it, and you just do everything right there. Like, you guys, like, give your credit card and they just take it away.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: For.
Speaker A: And then they. They drain it all. Like, it's. It's like signing up. It's like signing a bad transaction. They wild. They go in the back, they make an imprint and take down your code, and then, you know, they're buying their bias.
Speaker B: That's crazy.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker E: Can I tell a funny story about that real quick or that kind of relates to that? I used to, I used to work at a steakhouse here in Texas. This Shawn Michaels, the wrestler, heartbreak HBK. Oh, the heartbreak kid. He was there. He was there in the flesh. And, you know, so we were kind of eyeing him, and we weren't 100% sure it was him and whatever. So he gets, you know, of course, when he goes to pay, we're like, we're gonna check out the credit card, see if that's him. And sure enough, he, he gives. He gives the credit card, and we're all over there checking it out. Oh, my goodness, it's hime. And I'm an idiot. And took a picture of it because I was gonna brag about it, be.
Speaker A: Like, he took a picture of his card.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker E: And then immediately I was like, oh, shit, that was a bad idea.
Speaker A: Sweet chin music right in the middle.
Speaker E: Of the restaurant, off the top rope. Yeah. It took me a second to register what I had just done, but, yeah, as it's kind of.
Speaker A: So what did you buy with it?
Speaker E: Clearly, everything.
Speaker A: That is. That is a good story, though. All right, we're going down to blockchain ninja circles, and then we'll wrap this thing up blockchain ninja jump in.
Speaker D: I just wanted to tell Chamber if he would have held and not sold a little while ago now, he would be up to 35.9 east. I just did the mathematic.
Speaker A: Dude, what is wrong with people? This is wild. I mean, awesome.
Speaker B: So basically, just like a two lx from where I sold two x from.
Speaker D: Where you sold 1275 x from where you brought in.
Speaker A: That's insanity. The. That's just crazy. I mean, part of the allure here is that we live in the greatest casino ever. And it's also the point of, like, great frustration most of the time, but as far as adoption and all this stuff, but where else do you have the opportunity to even play this? And it was interesting. I saw a tweet from Punter earlier, and it was talking about the dynamics of the market. And I responded that this whole market right now is PvP, player versus player. You know, it's. It's kind of. It's the good and bad of it. And you're in this, like, crazy casino. This is like. I mean, this is.
Speaker B: I mean, I say it all the time. Like, this is why I'm here. Like, this is the reason, of course. Like, this is when I. Like, when this happens. Like, when I'm watching my phone all day and, like, watching a chart. Like, this is, like, this is what I'm here for. I'm not here for pfps and community, you know, I mean, I get it.
Speaker A: I, you know, streets as much anymore. I'm. I'm, like, bought into the philosophical, you know, benefits of all this technology and our future, and I will play in the. I don't have time to play in the streets anymore. I would be so wrecked if I were meme coining right now just because I just, like, don't have time to pay attention. All right, circles, and then we'll wrap this thing up.
Speaker C: So y'all talking about having credit cards getting drained by being taken away? Remind me of. I told the story over at consensus the last day that was going on. It seemed like this one booth in particular was trying to seriously any passerby, like, just counting them down, really, at hardcore sales tactics, like, and the product was for, I think, either 35 or 60 or whatever dollars, a basically metal card. And then if you spent $99, it would be a gold plated card that had a QR code on the front, and you'd scan that, and that would be the public key, and people could send you bitcoin or eth or whatever you wanted, and then you peel that back kind of like a pill bottle style, peeling it back. And that's a QR code underneath there for a private key where you can then send it. And then for that, it had a, like, scratch off, like, style of your passphrase on the card. And so the idea is.
Speaker A: That seems like a terrible idea.
Speaker C: Oh, absolutely. Yeah. I tried to explain to the guy why it seemed like such a terrible idea. No NFC chip. The whole idea is like, it's basically like cash. You just keep it in your wallet and you can use it like cash. And, you know, it can also be stolen like cash.
Speaker A: I don't know about you, right?
Speaker C: Like all of my bitcoin in my wallet that anybody can very easily take a, like, I have bitcoin anyways. But, yeah, just, uh, the fail of the week, uh, product was that in my eyes, um, and this kind of conversation reminded me of that.
Speaker A: That's crazy. Yeah, I wouldn't advise, uh, putting your private key on any sort of credit card or your seed phrase on any sort of credit card. So we're not endorsing that product here. But that's friggin wild. That's crazy. Uh, the last thing chamber. I'll, I'll leave it for tachyde for Wednesday. I wish we didn't have to shut it down right now because it was a good segue was these payment apps and things like that. And I taught my wife over the weekend, my wife learned a very valuable lesson in social engineering and trying to have people scam her. And it was a, it was actually really fun time, like, teaching her about, like, this stuff that I deal with every day, being in this space on, like, how to know if somebody's trying to scam you and stuff. And so I'll tell the whole story on Wednesday here, but it was a good segue there. So don't let me forget to tell that story when we get around to it on Wednesday. That is gonna do it for us. Don't forget to check out our other shows. Have night shift at 11:00 p.m. eastern on our YouTube channel, coffee with captain in the morning tomorrow, followed by lunch break, alpha afternoons and DSPN on Tuesdays at nine eastern time at night. That rounds out. And then, you know, we've got the whole week covered for you. Don't forget, get to check out our website with some amazing new articles hitting daily as well as our newsletter. And we have some awesome allow list spots to give away this week on all of our shows that the Jomo project will be on, so keep a lookout for that. We'll also have an open sign up going on for the DJ Network war room token holders that I will be posting tomorrow morning and that's going to do it. Anything else?
Speaker B: Chamber no. Will we have results for Friday's draft on Wednesday's show?
Speaker A: You know, I did not get to neatly package it like I normally do, so I didn't even get the squad on it yet. If you have an easy copy and paste from last week, drop it in our show chat. Yeah, and maybe just take out the PFP portion because they're not going to know what that is. But I didn't get to package it, so I will do so as soon as I can find get something shareable, but I would love to give that out on Wednesday's show. I think we could do that if we can get that out to my cabal of normal friends. Yes. And that's going to do it for us. Thank you for joining us. Until Wednesday, stay mint.
