Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by.
Speaker B: The Degen Community Network media for the decentralized generation. If you want to connect or to check out more great NFT and crypto content, go to dgen.net work. That's dgen.net work. Hello and welcome to the mid condition episode 29. I can't believe we're at 29 episodes already. I am Joe, aka Bunch of vets, alongside my esteemed colleague. And I co host Chamber and Des Chamber. How you doing, buddy? I like your background over there.
Speaker A: I also like these, I love monks and I love dinosaurs. So I mean, this is literally the perfect thing for me. I don't know how they knew that about me specifically. These are two very specific things to be really fond of.
Speaker B: This and super yetis are basically you incarnated.
Speaker A: So let's hope that super yetis died for our sins and cryptomonks does the complete opposite.
Speaker B: There you go, Des. How's dad life treating you? Newly minted baby a week and a half ago. How's dad life?
Speaker C: Got all the treat the traits I wanted, so I'm feeling pretty good. Long term hold for sure.
Speaker A: I do a quick flip myself. That's just me.
Speaker B: For sure.
Speaker C: No, it's good. It's good. I'm tired, but, you know, always have been tired for the past few months. So it's NFT life. It's whatever. It's goats life. So I'm doing good.
Speaker B: Children and NFTs actually keep the same schedule. So, you know, at least, at least that you got that going for you. But we have an awesome show for you. We are live with the Dino monks crew. We have Giselle and Roman, founders of Dino Monks. The Dino monks drop is happening tonight in roughly 2 hours, right? 06:00 p.m. is that right? So we've got 2 hours to go, but we are here for you guys to learn all about Dino monks and hopefully participate in the drop tonight because this is a really unique project and I think one that's going to speak to a lot of people out there, not only just in the NFT space, but I think we'll bring in, you know, a lot of new people possibly into this space as well just because of, you know, what, what they're doing behind the scenes here and what the cause and mission of Dino Monks is. So I'm super excited to talk about this before we get going, retweet the DGEn livestream for a chance to win a Dino monk that the team is going to be giving away. So all you got to do, go to the Degen Twitter and retweet that live stream tweet, and we will pick a winner at the end of the show. So let's get right into it. Let's start here with Romande. So, Roman, many of the people out there listening right now may know you from Zed run. So you work for Zed. You're the head of partnerships there. Tell us a little bit about what struck you about this specifically. That you wanted to do your own project and around this specific cause.
Speaker D: I think that when you're in the space like we are, it's 24/7 it's crazy, it's fun. But there's another side to it that not many talk about. You know, it's all fun and games. Everyone's making a lot of money. But I feel I had felt like for a long time that, you know, this space kind of needed something different, a different cadence to which I felt was a little bit more real. And I, you know, by the same token, mental health is something that, you know, I've been affected with. And I know my founders all have a unique kind of story and connection to you. Combine that with the fact that I have, you know, amazing and supportive bosses at virtually human studios that kind of allow me to have an outlet or allow us, Travis and I, my co founder and one of the members of the team, to explore kind of that entrepreneurial journey. I love dinosaurs. I love monks. It was like, it came to be like a comet hitting the earth 65 million years ago. It smashed into my head.
Speaker A: I allegedly.
Speaker D: Allegedly. Exactly. We'll see if that really did happen. But they're still alive. Maybe at the core of the center, maybe.
Speaker A: You never know.
Speaker D: But, yeah, I couldn't let go of it, man. And I love it. I'm excited about it. It's 06:00 p.m. today. I can't believe it's here. And it's been such a fun ride, man.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker D: And to do it for something that's, like, really cool and wholesome, people are already sharing their story and having fun with it. So, Dynamux, it's the NFT mental health utility platform. Very excited about it.
Speaker B: Awesome. I think it's really awesome because I was with. I think I was with you the day you were like, man, I'm going to do a project. And that was like, maybe six weeks ago. So you guys have done. You guys have done a lot of work in the past six weeks to lead up to today. So I'm super excited for you. Giselle, tell us a little bit about your background, how you got into nfts from your background and kind of what this project means to you.
Speaker E: So I don't really have much of a background in NFTs, actually, Trav's girlfriend, and so I kind of know NFTs through him and Roman and their work with, you know, Zed, Ryan and VHS. And, you know, like Roman was saying, the people at Zed run are so amazing. And even though I'm not part of the or I wasn't part of the NFT community, you know, they were always so, like, kind to me and friendly, and I just really. I was really drawn to that kind of community and everything. And then, yeah, so my background is mainly, you know, psychology, you know, sports, sports psychology.
Speaker B: That.
Speaker E: That, like, very different to sitting at the laptop constantly surrounded by tech. Like, my world is completely opposite to that.
Speaker B: You actually go outside?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: Yes. Like, I'm, like, barely at my laptop. I'm so bad with emails. It's something I've had to really kind of work on these past six weeks. But obviously, you know, I had kind of a channel into that world, like, through Trav, through Roman and everything. So I always kind of knew about it, but was never really involved in it. And, you know, I'm really grateful that, you know, Roman and everyone gave me the opportunity to be a part of this project and to be a part of the team because I'm absolutely blown away by, you know, nfTs, like, learning more about it, but also, like, seeing the community, seeing how amazing everyone is, how, you know, positive, especially the dynamung community, has been, you know, kind of finding friends and connections, you know, through those channels. And, yeah, I'm really, really excited to see, you know, what we can do with the space and, you know, the good that we can do and to just kind of meet more people through it. It's really been awesome.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's cool. What? I just really love the focus on mental health and wellness with this project. I think, you know, in the NFT space kind of as Roman was saying, one, it's twenty four seven, two, it's very. Well, it's very.
Speaker A: I think. Go ahead, Des.
Speaker C: I think the way where he was going there is that the two go really hand in hand, that they're. They're very connected. And, you know, with NFT being such a 24/7 kind of space you're always on and it kind of, you know, it can be stressful. It can be taxing. I think every influencer and every person on Twitter has had a low point at one or the other, and I shout out to you, Giselle. I've been listening to a lot of your interviews with a lot of people involved in the space, and you've done a wonderful job at kind of capturing their journeys. And it's just, it's incredible to see how many people, you know, I've struggled with the lows and their path that they took to get here, but it's perfect, in my opinion, to bring the two together. I personally, I know I haven't come on for an interview yet, but, you know, personally, you know, I've struggled with the, you know, the pressures that this space can sometimes bring. And so it's, it's incredible that you guys are shedding light on that. I think it's very top of the mind across, you know, athletics across this space. It's definitely mental health is becoming primary concern, which is phenomenal to see.
Speaker A: That's 100% accurate. I mean, I may look like the epitome of mental health, but I also deal with these issues. But, I mean, you're 100% right. When you start talking about spaces that run, you know, may not be 24. I mean, they do run. You can go on it for 24 hours. Whether you spend 24 hours of that time in the space is a different story. But you are going to spend a tremendous, I think, amount of time in the space regardless, specifically in the late hours of the evening when you have those, you know, we have that extra time. Right. And I'm not talking about necessarily, you know, influencers. I'm talking about the regular people that are into nfts. You know, they might be doing a day job and, you know, the time they have to invest is at the end of day, so they're really stretching themselves in. And when you start depriving yourself of, of sleep and all these things can pile up. So, I mean, coming from, I come from, like, the crypto community prior to nfts. I mean, we saw, we haven't seen it in nfts yet, but we saw a very similar trajectory where you're on, you know, you're on Twitter 24/7 you're checking your phone 24/7 you're watching your, you know, you're watching your account go to the moon and it's all great, but then it doesn't go great, and then your account goes the other way and you're still up, but now you're worrying. So, I mean, Joe and I started a podcast just to settle our own mental health because we were, you know, we were both wrecked. We started wrecked podcasts because we were broke trying to trade crypto. And that was a great outlet for us. But I mean, you know, not everybody can, not everybody has the dynamic of me and Joe and can do hundreds of episodes of podcasting, but, you know, people need a place. Like, if you're going to be in this space and then you now have, you know, people like yourselves that are talking about mental health, I think it's a great way to, I think we're, I think you're going to reach a lot of people in a positive way and there's really no better way to get out of them than being, being in the, in the space where they are.
Speaker B: So, yeah, I think the emphasis on community, right? Like all of NFT land has their own little community, but sometimes those communities, like, like Zed, Ron general get toxic sometimes. But, but having a place where everybody is kind of on the same page and being supportive because they're supporting the same cause, I think is a huge benefit just as a place to, you know, hang out while you're doing all of these things. So I think that's, that's really important as well. So, yeah, I think from, from here. Let's just talk really quickly about the actual drop tonight. So if people are just tuning in. So, Roman, can you give us the specifics on, you know, what time the drop is, where people can go and then, you know, how many will be available tonight and what the details of that are you muted, Romans muted. I'm dropping the genius.
Speaker D: We gotta go over the fun stuff. Like, I feel like this is like, it's been a long time coming. I'm so excited to talk about the stuff. We're gonna make it. People just get, we're gonna make it. All the fun stuff aside or all the silly stuff aside, I should say 06:00 p.m. eastern mint. We're doing 10,000 dino monks. The rarity is broken down in a bunch of different really interesting traits. So there's a hierarchy of robes that are very traditional that'll look very familiar. There are homages to pop culture that our amazing artists smoothenhouse has made that you'll pick up on specifically in the NFT realm. So there's some, like, shout outs to other projects. There's some cool little Easter eggs for the hardcore collectors. We've found a lot of people this is this a lot. There's so many people, like, getting into the space right now that, like, a lot of people this is their first NFT. So if you're watching and you're minting and Dino monks are gonna be your first mint, I think you made a great choice because the community is quite nice, actually. And it's gonna be. It's gonna be a really fun time. So the traits, you know, the robes are something to look for. There's different mouth traits that will be really cool as well. But of the 10,000, there will be 15. One of one Tyrannosaurus rexes, which actually are really kind of fun and exciting because they're hand drawn by our artists and they're each serialized one through 15. So the number one t. Rex, we predict is going to be pretty awesome. Whoever gets it is going to be pretty stoked. These t. Rexes, to give you an idea of the lore, you know, 80 million years ago, when the comet hit the earth and the Dino monks descended into the core of the earth, these were kind of the 15 titans that ultimately the cultures kind of formed around. They were the gods of this realm. So each one of them is kind of an homage to some familiar greek mythological, kind of Greco Roman. There are some in pop culture, but it's going to be really amazing. You can see some of the art we teased in the, in the discord. So. 06:00 p.m. eastern, you mint directly on dinomonks.com. you can go to our Twitter dinomonks, and that's all the information that you need right there. You can mint up to 20 at a time. And yeah, we're super excited to get started and see how it is. It's kind of a rush. I'm really to see how it goes.
Speaker B: That's awesome. 1 hour and 43 minutes from now. Chamber. Perfect timing on the, on the website countdown meter here. So, yeah, very professional. You're so professional. But Giselle, let's talk a little bit about what the kind of value proposition for Dino monks holders is. What I love about this project is just being a dynamics holder enables you to so many benefits that a lot of people, you know, just in general, either don't have access to or don't either go out and seek themselves. So talk about kind of what Dino monks holders can expect from, you know.
Speaker E: From the community, you know, so, so interesting. I was chatting to someone the other night on, on Twitter space, and they were talking about how when they felt that they were going through, you know, mental health issues, the first place that they kind of went to was Google. And, you know, I think with dynamics, we kind of want to create a space where if anyone is struggling with something or confused about something or needs help, they can come to us. They can find the information that they need. They can find the support that they need, or they can find support in getting them to the specialists, you know, or kind of on the route that they need to get to, you know, if they need, you know, extra help. And so we kind of want to, you know, create a space where you can just come on and, you know, be in a positive environment because that's also the thing with mental health. It's, it's, you know, you have people that are dealing with things at different degrees, different severities. And sometimes it's, it's not so much, you know, the very heavy kind of stuff that people struggle with. They just kind of need a place that's, you know, positive, you know, awesome people to be around, you know, daily motivation like that kind of stuff. So we kind of want to, you know, provide a space for that. But there's also a space where we can help people, you know, get the help that they need through, you know, channeling them to, you know, you know, specialists or professionals. And, you know, for us, we believe that mental health is very holistic, right? So it includes a lot of different things like, you know, mindfulness, making sure that your nutrition and, you know, your kind of physical aspect is there like the sleep. You know, all the NFT guys that I've been talking to mention sleep or lack of.
Speaker B: So is there like a curfew at the Dino monks discord, like, to make us make sure we go to sleep?
Speaker E: Maybe we should enforce one. But, you know, kind of just also educate people on that because I think sometimes there's the stigma around mental health and we also kind of want to get, get rid of that stigma and kind of just show people that, you know, as Roman was saying, everyone's gone through, you know, their mental health journey. Whatever it is, it's important to you as a person. It's not comparable. You know, it's going to be big for every single individual. And by kind of talking about it more and by normalizing it, we just want to show people that it is normal. You know, everyone kind of goes through these things and, you know, like, we have a channel on our discord where, you know, people share their stories and you start to find out that, wow, okay, like, I'm not the only one that went through something similar or, you know, people start to find support and, and almost, you know, they can relate to each other. And so I think you know, through dynamics, we just want to create almost that safe haven where people can come to us, they can find that support, they can find that positive environment, they can find that extra help if they need it. And, you know, they can just find a community of people that genuinely just want the best for everyone. And, you know, we are planning to do that through, you know, the meditations that we've been holding on our Twitter spaces, which, you know, people have been enjoying, people who've never meditated before now really getting into it, you know, by hosting Ama's, having educational information on our discord and on our website, holding group therapy sessions, those kind of things. And so really creating utility within our dynamung community, really almost being as hands on as we possibly can to help and support everyone, really, who's part of dynamungs?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that's awesome. Des, what are your thoughts so far on dino mugs?
Speaker D: It's just cool.
Speaker C: It's providing something that's very different from the traditional roadmap that we see in this space. And anytime we branch out and kind of push this space forward into a new direction, I'm all for it. So, you know, just in general, beyond today and today's mint, do you have any kind of ideas of where this could be going? You know, not, let's say, a month from now, but maybe three months, six months from now?
Speaker D: Yeah, absolutely. You know, we're looking at this as something sustainable, something meaningful, and ultimately a community that we can look at and be proud of. We're not an anonymous team pumping and dumping a project. We're building something to help people and having some fun doing it. So, for us, you know, you look ahead at future airdrops, possible kind of alignment, and a little different things. We have a really fun roadmap that I can't really get into as much. But, you know, they'll be. There'll be a. There's a proper airdrop coming, and it won't be just as simple as, you know, a companion little airdrop. There'll be fundamental aspects of it that make it a really kind of awesome experience and builds a little bit of, like, decision making into it. But ultimately, from the mental wellness side, we want to establish kind of a double down on the mental wellness portion of it. We want to continue to grow the classes, the workshops, the speakers, the access that dynamunk users have to those. And we have an amazing partnership with you guys, the mint condition. So we'll be getting a lot of those awesome talks on the pod. So that'll be really cool. But in terms of building an actual space where people can share and connect and support, that's ultimately what we are all about. And I don't think that's going out of style anytime soon.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think what's really cool is, and correct me if I'm wrong, so all those, you know, kind of perks and benefits that you just mentioned, all that is all you got to do is be a Dino monks holder. Right. There's not any kind of thresholds or anything like that, correct? Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker D: Getting a dynamo, that's. Yeah.
Speaker B: And that's really cool because a lot of this. That's kind of my point before is a lot of people in their normal lives wouldn't have a chance to have access to so many of these types of resources that you guys will be providing basically for free after they mint a dynamic. Right. So I think that's super important because I think part of, you know, mental health and wellness is the ability to have access to it and a lot of people can't. Right. So, you know, there's one, obviously the willingness piece, and then two, a lot of it is, you know, financially prohibitive a lot of times for. For people. So I think this is really a unique value prop for a lot of people out there, and I'm super excited to see what you guys do with it. So, Chamber, you want to go and bring up the roadmap that's actually allowed to be talked about.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'll do that right now. I want to know. I want to know what the secret roadmap is.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's like you go to McDonald's and you order off the secret menu. Right?
Speaker A: They have a secret menu on McDonald's? No, just.
Speaker B: Yeah, you definitely know.
Speaker A: Yeah, I know. I definitely know about that. Here we are. We're going to go to second. We'll go to roadmap.
Speaker B: Okay. So we already talked here about what the actual launch is going to look like. So let's go to that post drop right there, Chamber. Because another thing that I love about this project is not only are you bringing on these specialists to provide these benefits to your community, but you're also doing a lot of, you know, outreach and charity yourselves to people that aren't, you know, necessarily holders or in the NFT space at all, just, you know, specific charities and things. Do you want to talk about this initial contribution piece here? I'll let. I'll direct that at Giselle.
Speaker E: Yeah, so, you know, like we were saying we wanted to, you know, provide utility and not just, you know, be a project that, that supports charities. And so we kind of wanted to combine the two and be able to focus on both of them. And so we are looking at donating, you know, to charities monthly that are then chosen by the community. So it's not just chosen by us, but at the same time, you know, have a more hands on approach where, you know, we direct people to the professionals that they need and provide the workshops, like Roman was saying. So kind of, you know, address both avenues because I think both are, you know, equally as important. But, you know, to us, it's just we believe so much, you know, in the power of mental health, and it means so much to us that we, we wanted to have also more of like a hands on approach. I'm with it, you know, in addition to. To the charities.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's awesome. So this initial charity donation, though, is going to the suicide hotline, is that correct?
Speaker D: Yes. The. We have to get in touch and make sure that they, like, we, like, finalize. That is the final place where the money will be going, but the money will be going to a charity that supports mental health awareness. Ultimately, we wanted to kind of choose a charity that, like, volunteers are working for because those are the ones that need the most kind of help because the people are working for free and they need to be supported. But we also need to make sure that, like, the mechanisms in which we pay them can be fulfilled. But just to touch on a little bit. So we're going to be donating $25,000 as soon as we sell out. And then what we're doing is there are four avatar monks. So this is actually really cool. We have a 3d artist working on the four avatar monks that comes highly touted from artifact and, yeah, he comes highly touted from. So they recommended him. He doesn't work for artifact, full disclosure. So he does amazing work. And we're working on creating the fire, water, wind, and earth versions of these avatar monks will be at. Will be auctioning them off, and 80% of those proceeds will go to charity, and then 20% will go to our artist.
Speaker B: Very cool. That's. That's awesome. So. And then when that. That'll be, you know, post drop a couple weeks out, I would assume, right?
Speaker D: Yeah, absolutely cool.
Speaker B: That, yeah, that's really awesome. I love the idea here of not only supporting the people in your community, but using your community to come together to kind of support others that, that need it. Right. So I think that's something super unique that your, your project is doing as well as well. Chamber. What do you. What do you got in the hopper for questions here for. For Dino monks?
Speaker A: Um, so obviously, you know, it's today, it's at. Right eastern standard time.
Speaker B: Yep. An hour and a half.
Speaker A: Hour and a half, 90 minutes. Do we talk about what the. What the price was going to be? I may have missed that point.
Speaker D: Oh, eight will be the min. Price point.
Speaker A: Oh, eight. So. And obviously, it's just. There's nothing. It's not on, like, polygon or anything like that. Just straight? Yeah, you know, straight. Nothing crazy.
Speaker D: Solana yet. We haven't.
Speaker B: Have you. Have you participated in a Solana drop? I've tried the last two days, and it didn't go well for me.
Speaker D: Well, I heard. I heard that. What was it yesterday was kind of a. A tough experience for a lot of people, but I know that there was a snake drop coming up. I haven't. I got. Need to get my phantom wallet set up, man. I mean, I know you're in it. I just. I'm lagging. I want to do it this week.
Speaker B: I got it. I got set up yesterday and I literally have tried to get into, like, two or three drops and I've been shut out. Immediate, like, it. They go so fast because there's no, there's no, like, edge that if you know how to use gas, you're gonna, like, get through faster or anything like that. It's just. How fast can you click? So actually, I. It's a good reminder. I gotta check my dang wallet here. I thought I hit today and I didn't, but all the money has gone out of my wallet and hasn't come back yet. So that's the experience. Yeah, it was really, really, really fast to take the money out of my wallet.
Speaker D: I feel like I touched.
Speaker B: No kidding.
Speaker A: I feel like the Solana drops have a kind of a pancake swap vibe to me. If you guys aren't familiar, pancakeswap is a cryptocurrency decentralized exchange. And when Defi and stuff was really flying on the cryptocurrency side, places like Uniswap and sushi swap are real popular places to trade. And then binance, which is a big exchange in crypto, they created their own. And it was kind of the same thing. It was, like, fast, and everybody's on it, but there was a ton of scams on there. I'm not saying that Solana is gonna have a ton of scams, but I don't know. I like to stick to the I like to dance with the one I brought. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Well, you know, the problem. The problem is, like, they oversell because everybody's clicking at the same time. They. And then they have to, like, go back and refund, which is pain the butt, right? Like, so, like, at least you lose gas. No, at least with Ethereum, you lose gas and, you know, you didn't get it, right. Like, here, they're refunding millions and millions of dollars. I guess there's a new smart contract that just came out like, this couple days ago that is supposedly supposed to, if you integrate it with your drop, not allow you to, or not allow money to be taken out if the mint is gone. But right now, that doesn't exist in projects that are dropping. So there's, like, the Solana bears. One had to refund, like, $90 million in Solana the other day. Yeah. Imagine having in process. I mean, I I would have just rubbed, like, there. I would have my account and made off with the extra 90 million. I would have been it. You'd never have seen me again. And then, you know, don't buy a.
Speaker A: Solana project that Joe is found.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: When I'm. When I launch my salon, a project, you don't want to be a part of it.
Speaker D: But the dj s are dope. I kind of want.
Speaker B: They are cool. I mean, there's a lot of cool stuff over there. I think. I think there's gonna. I mean, there's gonna be huge demand for it just because of the gas wars and, and all that. And then you'll see when you go over there and try it yourself. It's.
Speaker C: Grass ain't always greener, my friends.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: I'm pretty sure wax did this, like, two years ago.
Speaker D: That's why we're here. Dino monks. E. Drop that good old fashioned. We connect. You connect your metamask wallet on dynamonks.com and you sign the little button gas. We'll see where it's at. It's not going to be as bad as yesterday.
Speaker A: You're not going to lose all your money like Joe did.
Speaker D: Yeah, right. And rely on complete strangers to refund you.
Speaker A: I'm sure it's fine. I'm sure it's fine.
Speaker B: I have a feeling I'm Ngmi, but we'll see.
Speaker A: You have not had much luck.
Speaker B: No. Yet. I do have the hat on, so, you know. I do want to know how I get one of those shirts, though.
Speaker D: Real. So actually, we also have. Just give me one moment. Giselle. I'm going to reveal the hoodie, but you could tell him a little bit about our giveaways.
Speaker E: Yes. So we're also giving away merchandise that we've been working on. So the shirt that Roman has, and then also a hoodie that we got that has the slogan dynamite.
Speaker D: And it's hoodie season. If you're in New York on the east coast today, there's a little chill in the air.
Speaker A: Number one.
Speaker D: Yes. It's number r1 quick. And there's actually a trait that says diamond. There's a dynamo city, which is a trait. So look out for that.
Speaker B: Super cool. Very cool.
Speaker E: That's actually. That's actually where we were like, oh, my gosh. We actually need to make merchandise out of this because our artists made the traits of the hoodie, and we were all like, damn, we need that hoodie in real life. And that's. That's basically how it started. So think it's gonna be really cool. Yeah. Full gowns, like a robe.
Speaker A: Absolutely.
Speaker E: That would be amazing.
Speaker B: You.
Speaker A: Got it.
Speaker B: I'll settle for the hoodie. I hope I get a hooded hoodie. Dino monk today, so.
Speaker D: Oh, yeah. Well, no, it's. It's not. You know, you hope. You hope. You roll high. That's a high.
Speaker B: That's what I mean. I would. Matt, look, if it's anything like the board ape merch merchants, like, those are. Those are in high demand.
Speaker D: It's so interesting how those traits, like, have gone. Like, there are a lot. There are some that are rare, but the price doesn't really equal that. It's more about the aesthetic appearance. I'm curious to see how that works out for us, because I do feel like most of our rare traits are, like, super aesthetically pleasing. But then again, it's artwork, and it's very subjective, so I'm interested to see what people think.
Speaker B: Very cool. So I just love. I'm looking at chambers background, so I'm like, look. Studying all of the different books. Is that a. Wait, is that a Kobe jersey chamber is gonna go by? That's. That's like a go to in all of the. In all these projects now. I love it. The basketball jersey, but the goats did it first.
Speaker D: Don't trip. Goats did it first.
Speaker B: I was watching him find the mute button.
Speaker C: I don't think we did it first, but we know. But we were super supportive.
Speaker B: We.
Speaker C: I mean, we had the idea to do it, just given the nature of goats, like, early. Early on. And, you know, Joe and I have talked about this on the show. We're huge. Huge. Huge. Or actually, sorry, Chamber and I have talked about this on the show. We're huge Laker fans. And so I always knew that was going to be, well, you also went.
Speaker A: With, like, you guys, like, a Tiger woods one.
Speaker D: Oh, yeah, the gator. Yeah. You know, I love the, I love that branding. And we actually, you know, there, there was a lot of things we took from that project and a bunch of other projects that we love. Personally, I didn't go with Jordan one. We went with the Emanuel quickly. New York Nick.
Speaker A: Play. I love it.
Speaker D: Yeah. I was like, we're done. You know what? This is who we are. We're dinosaurs, we're monks, and then we're Nick fans as well.
Speaker B: Manual quickly. Dino Monk is worth more than my Emanuel quickly top shot moment.
Speaker D: I can't promise you that. Honestly.
Speaker B: That's awesome. So where did the, you know, like, you, you had mentioned it a little in the beginning, but where did the inspiration of, like, the dinosaurs mixed with the monks come from? Like, where, what was the inspiration behind that?
Speaker D: Um, number one, I wanted a dinosaur as my profile picture, uh, for a long time. Like, I love dinosaurs. Dinosaur kid over here. Like, you know, one of the step, step brothers. Like, totally dinosaur guy over here. Um, so I I was looking for one. I'm like, there hasn't been one. Like, I kind of want one. And then I'm a huge avatar. The last Airbender fan. And I think that me and Travis were speaking and, you know, Giselle was involved in Renee, my, my girlfriend, and we kind of were brainstorming and kind of the mental wellness aspect came up with the monks and just all fused together into something that just started gaining momentum and, like, we haven't looked back since.
Speaker B: That's super cool. Yeah, I love that. I love the idea there. So if anybody just joined, we are doing a dino monks giveaway. So all you got to do is go retweet the live DJ network tweet chamber. Just threw that out in the chat. All you got to do is retweet that. We'll give away a Dino monk at the end of the show. So just to recap here, before we keep going, tonight, in an hour and 22 minutes and dinomonks drops on dinomunks.com, there will be 900 or 9980 raptors, 15 unique tyrannosaurus rex. Oh, man. If you pull a t rex, you're like, if you pull a t rex.
Speaker D: Just to cover that, you know, and I could, I could just say for you as well, there's 10,000 monks out there. But 15 of them are t rexes. And if you do pull a t rex. I don't know if I would sell it tonight. Like hold on to that sucker. I know. You know. We were looking at what the jokers did for the Royal Society of players. We really love that ultra exclusivity. That different art style, that hand drawn, that really, really kind of. You know, artisanal, if that's a word approach to. To an NFT. You know, ultra rare portion of it. So our t rexes are that. So I'm excited to see who gets them. Man. I'm excited. Good luck.
Speaker A: I like my nfts. Like, I like my sandwiches.
Speaker E: Artisanal.
Speaker C: I was going to say artisanal. Like my cheese boards.
Speaker D: Exactly.
Speaker B: I have a feeling Des will end up with one. I just. Oh.
Speaker D: Of course.
Speaker A: Three of them. They'll get three of them.
Speaker B: Des will end up with one. Oh.
Speaker A: I only mentioned four. But three of them were t rexes.
Speaker B: Well, you said.
Speaker C: You said Royal Society players of jokers and my ears pricked up a little bit.
Speaker B: That's exactly what I was referencing. Although that was a secondary play. So you know, I'm not a fan.
Speaker C: I'm not. I'm not afraid of going on the secondary and snapping one up either.
Speaker A: So I agree.
Speaker B: He just, you know, brass. Brass over there. He's made out of. Don't let him fool you. He's turned into a whale over there. He's going to scoop three of those t rexes right off the second.
Speaker A: He's on a green screen too. He's. He has to put a green screen of like a regular house behind him because gold. Yeah. Literally in a spaceship right now.
Speaker B: So let's go back again since we have people that join halfway through all the time. So then let's just go back and talk about the roadmap one more time about, you know, what the Dino monks holders can expect from the community. So we'll go back to you again. Giselle. Not to be too repetitive on it, but I think this is the super important part that, you know, makes the project unique. So for anybody who just joined, let them know kind of what you guys are doing as a community to, you know, build that utility around Dino.
Speaker E: So basically we just want to, you know, create a community where people can come and feel safe enough to just share their story, you know, talk to each other, you know, feel supported and also come to a space where they can also learn a lot about mental health. Because I think not all of us actually know how to notice certain things or treat certain things, how would we know? The only kind of information source we have for that is the Internet, and that can just get really confusing. And so we kind of just want to, you know, funnel that and provide a space for people to also educate themselves because, you know, education is powerful, knowledge is powerful, and almost kind of allow them to go and support themselves, you know, give power back to them. And, you know, we're planning on doing that through, you know, things like meditation workshops, group therapy sessions, also kind of guiding people to, you know, specialists if need be. And also something I wanted to mention based on what Roman was saying with the avatars, and this kind of is an example of some of the ideas that we want to do to help people educate themselves on themselves and on mental health is, you know, with the avatars, it relates to, like, the different elements. So, you know, fire, earth, wind, and water. And so, like, one of the ideas, one of the plans that we have in that is having our meditation expert, Monique, who's been taking all the guided meditations on doing a workshop on how those elements can actually be related to you as a human, you know? So, for instance, the water element is related very much to your emotions, you know, kind of being in that flow state, and then the earth element relates very much to how you ground yourself, you know, etc. Etcetera. So give utility, give meaning, and give, you know, educational tools behind, like, all of these really fun and cool things that we're doing. So there's purpose in basically everything that we're doing. And. And so, yeah, I think that's. That's some of the things that our dynamic holders can look forward to is just a space where they feel safe, a space where they know they can come and be in a positive environment and also have the opportunity to learn and to have access. Like you guys were saying, not everyone can have access to mental health specialists and kind of create that space where even if they don't want to go and speak to, you know, psychologists or therapists or whoever, they also have people that they can confide in or they can, you know, get the courage to speak to their friends, their family. Like we were saying, normalize everything. And, yeah, I think that's. That's some of the stuff that our holders can look forward to. And I'm sure, you know, we're looking forward to helping them with all of that. So it's all really exciting.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think something that you said there at the end was, is super important. Right. It's. There's oftentimes a stigma around, you know, mental health and wellness and, and the courage to kind of seek that help. And I think that, you know, having a group and community that is all like minded and looking for that same thing outside of, you know, nfts and minting stuff and making money and things like that, I think, you know, that education or, you know, just affirmation that there doesn't need to be a stigma around mental health and wellness because, you know, a lot of it, for whatever reason, that is a thing. And I think what you guys have the opportunity to do here with that is, is super powerful.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker D: One more thing there. You know, it's pretty incredible. For my generation at least. I believe that our first kind of turn for our internal struggles is actually the Internet. Before anything else front these questions to the Internet and what we're doing is we're not counter NFT culture. We're enriching the culture, supplementing it with something that we're building on for mental wellness. Because we know people already turn to the Internet and kind of communities for that, for feeling like you're not alone and we don't want people to feel alone. This is fun. This is NFts. We want people to have a place they can talk to people and be open and share their story because, like, once I actually started meeting people in the NFT space and liking them for who they are rather than what they're buying, I really felt like I started to understand the space and where it was going so much more deeply. So we're also doing all the fun stuff of what an NFT project is. We really build in that mental wellness utility that, you know, it's just not in the space right now.
Speaker E: And I just want to. Sorry, if I can just add on what Roman was saying and, you know, what you guys were all saying earlier, you know, the Internet and social media, if you actually think about it, actually hasn't been around for that long. And so everyone's kind of in this new space where everything is so new. And like Roman was saying, like, it can be isolating. No one really knows how to deal with it because, you know, it hasn't been around for a hundred years and people haven't developed, you know, almost mechanisms to combat the negative things that come with the Internet. And, you know, the Internet is great. It's, it's really awesome at connecting people. You know, like, we wouldn't be here if it wasn't for the Internet. But with that connectivity and with that overwhelming load of information that we're constantly having every day, it comes these things like isolation, mental health problems, comparisons to other people or other things, et cetera, et cetera. And so I think we also just want to, like Roman was saying, work with that space and work at finding ways to make that space better and almost highlight the positive things that can come from the Internet and social media and nfts and highlight that connectivity that can come with that. So, yeah, that was just something I was thinking about when you guys were mentioning all of the tech stuff.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's a great point, because, I mean, I personally know that at the end of every day, I am exhausted from just information overload, communication overload. And I literally say to my wife, like, I need to turn my brain off. Like it you need to. And so I think that's a really, really good point. And, you know, the other thing I thought was interesting that you said that happens a lot in the NFT space specifically, is comparing yourself to other people. Right? Because literally, go through your Twitter timeline, and it's all people talking about their math, their massive gains or whatever, and all of a sudden, you find yourself feeling like, oh, man, am I not good enough at this? Am I not doing well? Am I ngmi? Like, you know, and every morning.
Speaker A: Every morning I think of Joe's lifestyle, and I said, I've made a terrible decision in my life.
Speaker B: It's true. It's like. But so, you know, the comparison piece, I think, is really important as well, because that I see happen all the time. I do it all the time. I know I do. And, you know, it's sometimes really depressing. Right? Like, you feel like you're not good enough at this, and you feel like, you know, I specifically sometimes get, you know, this crazy imposter syndrome. Like, I shouldn't have, like, I don't know, better than anybody else, and, you know, I definitely don't. But I think that is super important. And I think a lot of people can. Can relate to all those things that you said. What do you think, des?
Speaker C: No, absolutely. I mean, that's what's crazy about the space is. Is so many people are doing well, and the comparative aspect is. And fomo. I mean, this space is built on Fomo, right? And so, um, that can be a dangerous weapon and a person that doesn't have everything in their mental wellness in check, or at least on a pathway to be in check. So, you know, I totally agree. And, you know, you said I'm becoming a whale, but by no means has that, you know, keeping up with the Jones has left me. I mean, it's still something I struggle with. You know, a lot of people I came into this space are even doing far more well than me. And, you know, that's always going to be in the background, you know, just being honest. And so, yeah, it's, it's, it's a tough conversation, but at the end of the day, we're all very lucky to be in this space. We're all able to do something we, you know, as a hobby that we love on the side and, and for our full time jobs. And, you know, it's. Luckily, it's brought a lot of us financial wellness and that, that's great as well. So, yeah, it's. I'm in love with this project for the mission standpoint of what you guys are trying to bring to the space.
Speaker B: What do you think, chamber?
Speaker A: I mean, yeah, I mean, what's, what's left to say? You guys, you guys hit it out of the park. You know, I went on a rant earlier just about how there's just. We're cooking up a recipe for, you know, mental health issues as, you know, as we speak, just in everything that we're doing, whether it's a just regular lifestyle, but more specifically, like this, this Nft life, you know, it's crazy. And I was, I was listening. I forget what. I wasn't a podcast.
Speaker B: I mean, I've. I've fallen in love with a digital horse. Tell me that.
Speaker A: I was, I was listening to a podcast the other day, and one of the commercials was, was about mental health, and one of the statistics they said was like, 50% of America, we'll call it Americans. It was like, 50% of Americans deal with mental health issues. And I'm like, that's incorrect. I'm like, 100% of people deal with mental health issues. 100%. There's not one person that doesn't have mental health issues on the planet. And it was nuts. Literally everybody's going to have, obviously, there's varying degrees, but at some point, point, you know, it's gonna be worse than other. Like, I, you know, especially, you know, you add the pandemic and all the, you know, lockdowns and you stack a bunch of stuff on top of each other like that, and you're trading nfts. You have a new baby. I remember when I had my, my last baby, I was right at me. When you guys are talking about trading nfts, you know, in the middle of the night with your newborns, I was trading crypto like, it was my. Like, it was my job, you know? 03:00 04:00 in the morning and making awful decisions and, yeah, it was. It was not good and then had to make a podcast after that. But it's. There are so many people that can benefit from. This is my long winded way of saying that.
Speaker B: Well said. Well, thanks, man. Well, very well said. But yeah. And then I think, you know, just one last thing before we kind of wrap up here is the community aspect. Right. It's. It's one thing, like, you know, to be in a million discord groups, but this one will have purpose and positivity, and I think that's an awesome thing to bring to the space as well as show off your really dope dinos. Right.
Speaker D: And we have a. We have a drop party, actually. If anybody listening wants to get their party on, sit at home. We got ja rule. Michael Carter Williams. Josh. Josh Ong toast in the space. We're getting Jurassic. We're going to have a great time. We're going to do a live stream of the drop. We're going to talk a little bit similar to what we talked about now, but maybe give a little bit more of a, you know, art kind of guide and release some traits and just cover all things Dino. It's going to be so fun. So Josh Ong's Twitter spaces, and then you can mint dinosaurs right after this.
Speaker B: Right at 05:00. Yeah.
Speaker D: We're gonna do 530. So it's gonna be 530. Just enough time for a little siesta. Grab a banana, lay down for a second. Right before the big. The big shebang. So excited.
Speaker B: Ja. And Michael Carter Williams, you're pulling.
Speaker D: We're excited. They're both amazing people, so we're really. We're really humbled that they chose to support Dino monks.
Speaker B: Heck yeah. That's awesome. So one last time, we have an hour and seven minutes. Dinomunks.com. the price is 0.08. Is that what we said?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: 0.08. Up to a 2020 mint per transaction.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker B: All right, good. There you go. I got it. Nailed it, nailed it. And hopefully you'll be one of the ones to get that one out of 15 T Rex going. And if you do, that'll be sell it to me. If you do instant profile pic change, I think, like, if you get a T Rex, you instantly change your profile picture.
Speaker D: I certainly would.
Speaker B: I'm sure we'll see a bunch of Dino follow Dino going on tonight.
Speaker A: We ask when reveal is an instant reveal, instant instance. Okay, cool.
Speaker D: You know, I might take a second, but it's not like, it's not like a week it should be.
Speaker B: That's exciting because I want to see what I get today.
Speaker D: Yeah, exactly. Who doesn't want to see what they get?
Speaker B: Well, because I'm not flipping this one. So I like the delayed reveals for, you know, like reveals for, like, the FOMO build and then you just dump it before it reveals. Yeah. Insider NFT trading. Anyway, that's awesome. So let's. Let's roll the giveaway here. Let's see. Going to be the winner.
Speaker A: Excited? Yes.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker A: Okay. We got all the Twitter people on there.
Speaker B: Chamber again, same as always. You can't win.
Speaker A: No, I can't. But one of my alt accounts may.
Speaker B: But we're all winners here today.
Speaker A: That's right. We'll do three backups. That's good. Yeah.
Speaker B: Also, Ja rule can't win if he's entered.
Speaker A: Ja rule can absolutely win.
Speaker D: He certainly can win.
Speaker A: All right, let's see.
Speaker B: Here we go.
Speaker A: Drew crit.
Speaker B: Good. We know you can take that stupid ass dog. That's. That's a dogs unchained, which we are not supporters of on this show.
Speaker A: Nothing.
Speaker D: That's prime for a dino. The dino might eat that. I'm excited.
Speaker C: I have the best friends. I don't even need to fight my own battles. They just fight for me. It's phenomenal.
Speaker B: Drew, you are the proud winner of a Dino monk. So congratulations. And Giselle and Roman, thank you guys so much for joining us today. Any last words, anything we missed before you want to get going? Awesome. You guys are awesome. We really appreciate you coming on. Love the message, love the art, love the energy. And I'm looking forward to minting a bunch of these and getting my dino on in an hour and five minutes. Five minutes. If you're listening to this and want to hear more, go hang out on the Twitter space Josh Ong is hosting in 35 minutes. Ja rule, Michael Carter Williams. Learn about the art and traits. And until next time.
Speaker A: 1 second. 1 second. I have a question.
Speaker B: I thought I got to do my.
Speaker C: Shameless goats plug too.
Speaker A: I thought there was some news on goats coming.
Speaker B: My, my apologies. So wait, before we go, Des has some goats news, which is great live.
Speaker C: We have, we have forge season two opening up tomorrow at 12:00 p.m. pacific. So I'm very excited about that. But even more important, we are starting, like, our first gamification, kind of like play to earn with goats. And so what we're going to be doing is doing our founders challenge. So what I'm going to do right now so I can do it live so everyone knows it's above board and was completely random. I'm going to pick a random number, and then we're going to randomize literally what the four founding goats are going to look like. So it's going to be pretty sick. All right, so we're going to random it five times. And you guys can see my screen, right?
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker C: All right, this is. This is a big deal, because this is for some serious EtH. We're giving away 20 eTh total to finding the founders. So we're going to randomize five times. 12345. And that is it. We got a jockey goat, a musician goat, a Kobe goat. I love it. And a soldier goat. These are going to be the traits that are eventually be the four founders of the maison to go. And it should be a pretty fun contest.
Speaker A: Excellent.
Speaker B: I gotta go deal with some goats.
Speaker A: You listed them. I'm a good. I'm a good friend. I never listed one.
Speaker B: I listed a goat or two. I bought a shit ton of goats. Come on.
Speaker A: As long as I'm, like, 15.
Speaker B: I do. I do have 15 goats, and. But that's awesome. So check out the founders challenge. Sorry, I almost forgot. But that is. Are we officially done now?
Speaker A: I think we're done. I will not interrupt your.
Speaker D: No, I have one more thing, actually.
Speaker B: I'm actually looking super forward to the Founders challenge. That was one of the things I was most excited about. So go forge the founders this weekend. How many were forged the first time?
Speaker C: 828.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: Good.
Speaker B: Okay, so.
Speaker C: And I think we'll probably hit that or break it. So it's gonna be pretty exciting. God, it's good. Our vision's kind of coming together. We want it to be deflationary. We wanted to get down to that 6000 goats or so. I think in the month of September, we're going to hit it.
Speaker A: Somebody dm'd me. He's like, oh, I want your Kobe. The one that I forged, and he offered me 0.1 for it. I almost called his mom to tell on him. I was so upset.
Speaker B: That's awesome. All right, that is officially going to do it for us. Dinomunks in an hour. Dinomunks.com. thank you, Giselle. Thank you, Roman. Until next time, stay mint.
