Speaker A: Hello, and welcome to episode eight of the Mint Condition. I am Joe, aka a bunch of bets alongside my esteemed colleagues and co hosts, Chamber and Des Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: I am doing fantastic today. We got one of my. Maybe a guest I never thought we could have on this show, but it's happening. I'm pinching myself all day, but, yeah, I've been pumped up since I woke up, so good day for me.
Speaker A: You know, these shows that we do allow us to access to people that we never thought we would get to talk to. Right. You know, like on our other show, we've roundaboutly had two presidential candidates on our show, and we talked Darren Rovell, and now we're talking to Victor Demadia from the sandlot, which is one of my favorite all time movies. I think yours as well. Chamber and Des. Does the sand law hold a place in your heart as it does ours?
Speaker C: Oh, absolutely. Now, I may not have been around when it came out in theaters, unlike everyone else in this group, but. No, I'm just kidding. I'm a huge fan of nostalgia anyways, and this movie we're talking about with chamber is just such a classic for me. Watched it countless of times. So I'm in. I'm so excited to get into this. And, yeah, I'm excited.
Speaker A: Awesome. So, as I mentioned, we have a very special guest, Victor Demadia from the sandlot. Victor, how you doing, man?
Speaker D: I'm good. How's it going, guys?
Speaker A: Awesome. Thank you so much for joining us. We are excited to talk to you. We've got a lot of things to discuss. We're going to talk about a lot of stuff here, but what we really want to talk about first is. So this show is, as you know, it's about digital collectibles and kind of bridging the gap between digital and physical. And we're the sports related as well. And before we get into anything, I'm really excited to check out what you have behind you. It looks like you've got a nice little physical collection right behind you.
Speaker D: Yeah, I got some good stuff, man. That's the back of my chair from the sandlot there, from the director's chair. There's a little glare on my Allen Iverson autograph photo. That one is Jason Peters from the Eagles. I'm a huge Eagles fan, obviously.
Speaker A: Cool. Go back.
Speaker D: Jason Peters. That's a Mike Tyson glove up there. What else? I got a bunch of stuff. Jason Kelsey from the Eagles.
Speaker A: Nice one's.
Speaker D: Pretty awesome. And then, like, a ton of sandlot stuff, like 15 baseballs autographed by all of us. And that's great. I got the balls at, like, first pictures that I've thrown out and stuff like that.
Speaker A: That's really cool. So how long have you been into, like, the physical collectible stuff? How long have you been collecting? And, you know, where did that all start?
Speaker D: Oh, man. Well, you know, I grew up, you know, I was like a nineties kid, so I think, like, most of us comic books and, like, baseball cards and all that stuff were just, like, so huge when I was growing up. So I have, like, still have boxes and boxes of baseball cards, like, in my mom's basement.
Speaker A: Same. I've since stolen them all back and looked for all of the old things that might be worth something and, you know, all that kind of stuff. So that's pretty cool. So I myself have gotten into the memorabilia piece really lately as well. I like that almost, I think, more than, than cards at this point because it's just like we were talking about last week. It's, you know, more of a story behind stuff like that. Right. So, yeah. Are any of those musical instruments collectibles or. That's your own. That's your own collection?
Speaker D: These are, these are my personal guitars. These are the ones that I play. But I do have a, I do have a 1954 Fender Stratocaster, which is the first year.
Speaker A: That's.
Speaker D: But that one that stays in the case. I don't take that one.
Speaker B: What color?
Speaker D: It's sunburst.
Speaker B: Nice.
Speaker D: Yeah, actually that. It's the. I got one here that's a matching one. But that one's, like, from the eighties. That one's not quite as valuable as the, as the original.
Speaker A: That's pretty cool. I saw when you, when you popped on the stream, I was like, oh, he's gonna get along just fine here. I mean, it's pretty much what we talk about on this show. So excited. So let's think about what. What is the gap then, or the bridge between that physical stuff and then what you guys are doing? So you guys have the boys of summer coming out as a digital collectible and it launches on the. Or actually, I guess it's launched now and you can buy up until the 19th. Is that correct?
Speaker D: Yeah, we got a presale. You can see the timer. They're counting down. Yeah, we're doing a pre sale right now. And then packs are going to drop. Pre sale goes through the 18th, packs will drop on the 19th, and then they can be opened on the 20th.
Speaker A: So that's pretty cool. So let's talk about what the idea behind the whole thing was, right? So we, you know, the NFT craze has. Has hit the world pretty hard in the last, I would say, couple months here. So how did you guys, you know, what's the story behind boys of Summer? Where did it all originate from? How did you, you know, approach getting the guys on board, things like that?
Speaker D: Well, the name itself, you know, boys of Summer was actually the original title of the script.
Speaker A: That's cool.
Speaker D: Yeah, before they changed to the sandless. So that's where we got the name from. But, you know, we've always talked about doing something with all these. We've all got pictures, like, just these really awesome behind the scenes shots. And, I don't know, it's just, like, cool stuff. Like, it's a totally different perspective on the film. And, I don't know, just going through them, they're just. They're so awesome that we've always talked about, like, what can we do with these? How can we share these with the fans? But we didn't want to put them out in, like, I don't know, we just didn't want to put them out in the wrong way or just give up all of our pictures to somebody and let them have control. So now with that, this nft thing is happening. Like, that's one of the coolest things to me is that, like, the creators or the artists, like, have full control over what they're doing. And so this was, like, when this started going crazy, we go, I think this is the perfect opportunity to share this stuff.
Speaker A: That's really cool. So were you or any of the other guys, you know, in the crypto world prior to the NFT, the NFT boom, did you guys have any experience there or how did that all work out to be NFT is the thing we want to do. Boys of summer is it? And let's get it on. Launch it on wax. How does that story happen?
Speaker D: Well, I dabbled a little bit. You know, I got a little bit coin I, you know, this and that.
Speaker A: Says, I have a lot of bitcoin.
Speaker D: And I'm dabbling in some other stuff. You know, I just got. I just got some cardano I'm pretty excited about.
Speaker A: There you go. Okay. He knows his crazy crypto, then.
Speaker D: So some of us are more familiar than others, which I think that's why we kind of were able to embrace the NFT thing right away, because when you've already, like, kind of accepted the cryptocurrency thing, it's just an easy transition.
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker D: But it was, like, for some of the guys, it was kind of a hard sell to convince them that this was, like, going to be a good thing to do, because it is. It's so new and weird, and it's still, like, scary for a lot of people. I think it kind of feels like in the early days of, like, online shopping, like, when you were like, I'm gonna put my credit card into the Internet, and I don't know, like, is this stuff gonna show up at my house or not? Like, I feel like it's the same kind of vibe. So, you know, it took a little bit of convincing, but, you know, I think the fact that, like, the NBA is doing it and, like, there's some, like, really big, like, companies that are getting involved in it, there's some, I'm thinking, more confidence now around the NFT.
Speaker A: Yeah, sure. I mean, this week we saw Topps is gonna be launching theirs next week. The series, one baseball cards on the.
Speaker D: It's gonna be the day after. The day after ours.
Speaker A: So we stuck it right under the right. That's pretty cool, but, yeah, so I think that's interesting because, you know, the. I think you're right where you have to either have some kind of belief in cryptocurrency or experience with it to kind of make the jump into. Okay, nfts are what we're gonna do here. So I want. I got to know whose brainchild it was. Is it? Was it your brainchild?
Speaker D: Meet myself and Grant gel, who played Bertram, got. It was really the two of us that were, I think, fully embracing this nft stuff from the beginning. You know, we have. We've got our own top shot cards, and, you know, I got a couple nemoid shards in my wallet, you know?
Speaker A: Nice. Okay, so you're. You're way in. We got to get.
Speaker B: I know what that is.
Speaker A: Next step is, uh, next steps. Getting Victor a digital horse from Zed run. Now. We got. That's what we got. The next thing we gotta do. Have you heard of, have you heard of Zed yet?
Speaker D: No.
Speaker A: Okay, we'll get you on board.
Speaker C: My next horse, Timmy Timmons, and I'm going to get it to you.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's it. So. But, yeah, well, we got to show you that, then you're going to love.
Speaker D: Yeah, I know. I want to know. I want to know what's this about?
Speaker A: So. Well, I'll explain it to you very quickly, and you can tell me if you're in or out. So think about you basically own digital horse race horses. You can race them, breed them, buy them, sell them, and essentially it's a horse racing slash breeding game. You can bet on them, all of that kind of stuff. It's pretty entertaining. Our last couple shows have been dedicated to it. It's pretty.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah. That's wildly entertaining.
Speaker D: Yeah, sure. Sign me up.
Speaker A: All right. We'll get you involved next. But that's awesome. So let's talk about what the actual drop consists of. So talk to us about, you know, what's available, how many rarities, things like that.
Speaker D: So we're doing, we chose 40 pictures for this drop. I mean, we would like to do a few of them. We got a ton of stuff. So if people respond to it, if people like it, then we'll release some more stuff. But for this first one, we've got 40 pictures. And then as you can see right there, we got the three rarity levels. So you got your base, then your foil, and then those signature ones, which are just so super cool to me.
Speaker A: I need that squint auto.
Speaker D: Yeah, and then, and then, so some of the, some of them are just like, you know, the, like one character or whatever, one of the actors, but then the ones that have, like, a group shot or they have multiple ones, all the signatures are on there.
Speaker B: Really?
Speaker A: Oh, that's cool.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's pretty cool.
Speaker A: Yeah. I saw on, I saw on ebay the other day, I was just poking around that somebody had a babe Ruth, like a babe Ruth, I guess, replica ball that was signed by all of you guys. I was like, that's a pretty cool thing to have.
Speaker D: Yeah, I see some pretty cool stuff once in a while. Like, even it's 28 years later and I'm still seeing, like, original things that people bring that I've never seen before.
Speaker A: So when you, uh, when you leave the set, when you're done recording, do you just, is it just like a mad scramble to grab all the stuff that you can? How does that work?
Speaker D: Oh, no, I mean, I wish, you know, that's the thing. It's like we didn't, you know, when we made this thing, we didn't really know what it was going to be. I mean, luckily, all our parents were, like, taking pictures and stuff. But other than that, it was going to become this classic movie. It could have easily.
Speaker B: It could have easily been the next little giants, right?
Speaker D: Exactly.
Speaker A: I mean, come on. That's a good movie, too.
Speaker C: That's a great movie.
Speaker B: Solid movie. But it's no sandlot.
Speaker A: That's very true. Absolutely. That's very true. So then there's two different types of packs here as well.
Speaker D: So we got, yeah, you got your, your regular five card, you know, dollar ten pack, and then for 25, we're doing the jumbo pack, which is 15 cards.
Speaker A: Very cool. And how many total packs are there available?
Speaker D: Oh, wow. Dude, I don't know. I don't know the answer to that.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: That's why I needed grant here. I thought Grant was, you know, answer those kind of questions.
Speaker C: We'll just say there's ten packs available, so you got to get it right away.
Speaker D: There's only five left, so hurry up and get them now.
Speaker A: So I want to know who did the, like, art and the design of these because I think they look pretty cool, especially those foil ones, the ones that are a little interactive. So how did you come up with those designs?
Speaker D: They were so, you know, this has really been labor of love for all of us involved. You know, the seven of us from the cast that have been doing this have put a lot into it, and especially myself and Grant. So Grant, his wife, actually, Melissa did most of the design. Grant helped a little bit, so I'll give him some of the credit, but most of it actually goes to his wife. I mean, she did an incredible job with these.
Speaker A: Yeah, they look really cool. That's pretty awesome. And then how did you guys decide or what went into the decision to launch on wax specifically?
Speaker D: Well, you know, with, we were just kind of looking around at our options and just with all the stuff that is already there on wax and everything else that's going to be coming to it, you know, in the near future, we just felt like that was the place to be. You know, even, even just with, like, the garbage pail kids and the street fighter, too, and all that stuff, it's like, for sure. And we felt like we were in good company there.
Speaker A: Chamber, how do you feel about that? Do you kind of feel, I mean, there's a lot of these NFT platforms that are popping up and wax has kind of been around for, you know, kind of.
Speaker B: I mean, we've, we've done shows with, uh, the guys from garbage bell kids when they first launched, um, on our other show. So I feel like we've been, we've been talking about wax for a long time. Obviously, with top shot, they came out with their own blockchain.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker B: I, you know, that's kind of their own thing. And I'm sure they'll have other projects on there. And then obviously ethereum, I think a little. A little heart, a little bit of a. More of a barrier to entry, I think, for regular people that just want to collect some cards. But I think wax is probably one of the easier platforms to use. I mean, I'll help you out a little bit here, Vic, but I mean, just getting that wax wallet is pretty easy. If you have, like, a Facebook account, a Twitter account, Gmail, you. You can get a wax wallet. It's very easy to get. So much easier than, like, setting up a metamask on Ethereum.
Speaker D: Yeah. Thanks for the assist there. Yeah, no, I mean, that's really been the biggest thing is like, is kind of just getting that whole thing across of like, for. Just for like, the average person that doesn't really know a lot about the NFTs. They've heard about it there. Maybe interested in getting into it. It's. It's that. It's really that first purchase, like, once you get your first set of cards or whatever it is, it's like, then it just becomes really easy and it makes sense. But, yeah, it's like signing up for the wallet and what is this? And. And just that whole process of getting everything logged in and connected. But then it's super easy after that.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's very intuitive, I think.
Speaker A: So easy. Aaron Rovelle could do it. Would you think you might insult a.
Speaker C: Guest we just had on Joe?
Speaker A: This is on brand.
Speaker B: This is very on brand.
Speaker A: It's.
Speaker B: But it's usually me doing it. Sorry.
Speaker D: He gave us a shout out on our opening day, so I got nothing but love for Dan.
Speaker A: No, we had him on last week.
Speaker D: Okay. All right.
Speaker A: We had him on last week and he was. He was busting chops about how difficult it was to kind of get set up with metamask on ethereum. So I think, you know, to chambers point, wax is super easy to get involved with and interact with.
Speaker B: I would say it's pretty on par with what you're doing. Like what they're doing with top shot and that whole thing. I think it's. Yeah, it's that simple. So, I mean, if you're, you know, if you don't need help with your phone, you know, like maybe some of our parents do.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker B: As long as you don't need help with your phone, you should be fine. I think that. I think that's the barrier to entry. If that was always calling me.
Speaker D: And I actually got my mom to buy a pack of cards.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker D: She signed up with the wallet. She's. I mean, she was able to do.
Speaker A: It so now did she want your cards or one of the other guys cards?
Speaker D: I had to explain to her that it's a pack, so it's random and you don't know what card. So I had to say, mom, just put all your money into the cards and eventually you'll get me.
Speaker A: There you go. That's it. That's what we're gonna do. So I think one of the nice things about wax too, is, correct me if I'm wrong, but you don't need to own the wax token to purchase the packs. Correct?
Speaker D: Correct. Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: It's us dollars for our site. You just, you know, all you gotta do once you, once your wallet is linked up, which, you know, like, I think chamber touched on, that is like, there's like the whole two click thing now. Like if you have a Google account or Gmail or Facebook or Twitter or whatever, you just. It's pretty easy to just sign up for it and it links, but then it's just uS dollars. Yeah, you just put it in your cart like you would on Amazon or anywhere else and put in a credit card and that's it. So, yeah, you don't need the wax tokens and.
Speaker A: Very cool.
Speaker B: You cannot buy with wax, so you can only buy with us.
Speaker A: Correct?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: Oh, nice. That's great. Very cool. So I think, you know, you nailed it on the head, right? Where the ease of being able to purchase is so important to these type of projects. Especially I think, you know, des, tell me what you think here. But especially something like this where, you know, the big draw is the nostalgia piece, right? And it's, you may not be getting those crypto heads that are, you know, looking to buy this. It's, it's people that love the movie and that could be, you know, anybody. So talk about that real quick for us.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: So I come on the show every week and I preach utility because I think these digital collectibles, I think they're at their best when they have utility behind them. And obviously collectibles speak to our nostalgic nature and everything like that. And I truly do believe Sandlot is in its own kind of tier of nostalgia, especially, you know, amongst us guys. And just loving, loving the classic movie. I think that 4 July scene, I think that just sums up like summer for me in a nutshell. And like Ray Charles American beautiful playing in the background.
Speaker D: I love it.
Speaker C: See, and that's the, the stuff I get nostalgic about. And it's just, it's great. So where I think it could evolve and you still got some time here. But if you want to introduce a little bit of utility into this pack drop and maybe run a contest marketing, talk to grant and say, you know, if you collect, you know, five of the gold or, you know, all the gold kind of parallels of each of the cards, you get entered into a contest to play three innings of baseball with nice grand victor, something to that effect to where you can. Because I think when you bring in these, like, cult followings, what you want to do is give them access into the people that mean so much to it, meaning you, the actors and stuff. And any time you can tie in, you know, your fan base and yourself, I think you should do it. And I think NFTs is awesome way to do it. So just, you know, brainstorming utility, we've.
Speaker D: Actually been talking a lot about something very similar. So I think we're going to, we're going to incorporate something like that.
Speaker A: That's very cool. I think I was going to ask, that was one of my next questions is, you know, what are the long term plans for, for you guys with this project? You had hinted a little bit before that, you know, this might not be the only drop and things like that. So what, you know, what are kind of your future plans? How do you see this project evolving past, you know, four days, 10 hours, 31 minutes and 59 seconds from now?
Speaker D: Yeah, well, I mean, you know, ideally we would like to just do multiple series of these and, you know, release all the great stuff that we have eventually. I mean, we have all the stuff from, like, the pool scene that we, that we still have all the stuff from, like, the chase scene. And, I mean, there's a, and there's just so many things because all of our parents were running around with cameras the whole time. So we have, like, hundreds and hundreds of pictures to choose from. So, yeah, I mean, as long as people are interested in it, we'll keep putting out sets.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think. I think Des makes a good point, too, about what the NFT is capable of doing for something like this. Right. Because there's such a huge nostalgic community behind it. You know, it really gives you guys an opportunity to potentially reach the audience that you have in a way that you've never been able to do before. Like when you said earlier. Yeah. Once we saw NFT, that's kind of the way we wanted to go. And I think part of it is because of that, correct?
Speaker D: Yeah, exactly. No, it gives you full control as a creator. You're able to, like, directly release things to the fans directly interface with people. And I think that's what we are always looking for because up until now, especially when you're dealing with physical stuff, it's like there are so many other people that have to be involved that it just kind of puts a buffer between you and the fans. So that's what we really loved about the NFT thing.
Speaker A: So how long has the actual pre sale been going on?
Speaker D: It started. We announced it on April 7, which was the, uh, anniversary of the film. That was the 20th anniversary.
Speaker A: Oh, very cool. All right. That's cool. Um, 20th anniversary. Wow.
Speaker D: 28Th.
Speaker A: 2028. I was like 1993. Uh, wait a second.
Speaker D: 93. 28. No, I wish it was the 20th. It feels like very much like the 28th. But we did, um, a cut. You know, a couple years ago, we had the 25th anniversary and we did this huge nationwide tour of all the different MLB stadiums. It was amazing. And supposedly they've got something planned along those lines, maybe even bigger for the 30th anniversary. So.
Speaker B: Is the cast from San lot two going to be there or just.
Speaker D: I don't. I've never seen it. I wouldn't recognize them.
Speaker B: I just found out that there was a sandlot.
Speaker C: Don't watch it.
Speaker D: Yeah, I've never seen it, to be honest.
Speaker A: That means what, what anniversary are they celebrating?
Speaker B: They're on their own. I think it came out like 2020.
Speaker D: Or like the fifth or 6th anniversary, something like that.
Speaker A: That's funny. So. But that's. That's so cool though, right? So if you are, I could see Des is brain smoking when you said, oh, there was this huge MLB tour. We're going to be planning something big for the 30th anniversary. Like, imagine now if you can take these nfts and say, hey, you know, people who have collected or people who have owned these packs or these cards on this day unlocks access to blank, you know, or whatever your 30th anniversary thing is. Like, that could be really, really cool.
Speaker D: And I think that would write that down right now.
Speaker A: There you go.
Speaker D: I'm stealing that from you, Des.
Speaker A: We're making things happen over here.
Speaker D: Thank you.
Speaker C: Absolutely.
Speaker A: Be the change you want to see in the world. That's it. I think we're just coming up with.
Speaker C: These ideas so that we have some extra value when we go and collect these.
Speaker A: Anyways, that's exactly.
Speaker C: Filling our own pockets.
Speaker A: Exactly. Chamber. I know you're dying to ask some questions about what it was like to be an actor in the movie and all of that. So go nuts. This is your chance. I love this.
Speaker B: So this came out when I was like ten years old. So I think you said 93, right?
Speaker A: How old are you now?
Speaker B: Freaking old, man. Oldest time, 28 years older than I was when I watched the sandlot. Like this was. I played like I was playing little league baseball when this movie came. I went to see it at the theaters. This was. This was my movie for I don't know how long. So I was very excited. But I do have some questions. Actually, one of the first questions I have more so, pertaining to getting the NFT going was, what's the process when it comes down to getting the rights for the images is because they're your photos. There was no issue. There is that.
Speaker D: Yeah, exactly. These are our personal photos, you know, from. From just the memories from our time, you know, making the film. But they're. None of these are images from the film, which I think actually is kind of cool because way better. Like, you can't find anywhere else.
Speaker B: I agree. I agree. I think that that adds a lot more value. I guess the second question I have. I don't know how. I guess the. You know, when you. When you test for a movie like this, you know, when you're a kid, I don't know how much. How many of these you were going to read for different movies. But I have to ask you, anytime I talk to somebody that any. Any sort of affiliation of movies in the nineties, Joe may know where I'm going with this. Des does not know where I'm going with this. But I strongly remember there being a. Oh, come on. I have to ask them. I have to ask them. This is a person that might have more information than I currently have. There was a movie in the nineties called Shazam with Sinbad. This is. This is in my memory bag.
Speaker A: There was not.
Speaker D: This is Vic here.
Speaker B: I'm asking.
Speaker D: Vic, we're doing a Mandela effect thing here. Is that.
Speaker B: Well, Viktor, it's just a memory.
Speaker A: He swears up and down. I. Look, we've been doing shows together. We've done over 200 episodes together for two and a half years. And he swears up and down that this movie existed. I've.
Speaker D: Shazam with Shaq as a genie.
Speaker A: Yes. Correct.
Speaker B: No, that's Kazam.
Speaker D: Kazam.
Speaker B: Shazam's was Sinbad as a genie. But do you remember. Do you remember trying out for a role in the nineties for this type of movie that involved?
Speaker D: No, but I mean, I. Are you saying there wasn't a movie with Shaq as a genie?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: Was.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: It's like a. I always.
Speaker D: But it was. It's Kazam. And you're saying that was Shazam with Simba?
Speaker B: There was some kind of, like.
Speaker A: I was exactly.
Speaker B: Not that at all. More like little. Maybe like little giants in sandlot. You know what I mean? Where there was kids playing sports was like a really hot, you know, movie. I'm telling you what happened. So, I mean, you don't seem to be jumping on board right away, so I'm kind of leaning.
Speaker D: The big one for me was the publishers clearinghouse. Ed McMahon. You know that one?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker D: Do you remember Ed McMahon? People's door with a check. The publishers clearinghouse.
Speaker A: Of course. Yeah.
Speaker D: That never happened.
Speaker B: What?
Speaker D: It was like some other. It was some other thing that he did, but it wasn't the publishers clearinghouse. Look it up. That was. That's a big one for me. And the Bernstein bears one.
Speaker A: The Bernstein bears one. Yeah, I know that one.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: Chamber doesn't buy into that one.
Speaker B: I mean, I can. I can reason my way out of it, but my wife had asked me to name some Sinbad movies out of the blue. And I said this one. I said this, the genie one. And she's like, apparently that doesn't exist. Yeah, I just said it did.
Speaker A: But Sinbad has confirmed that he was never in this movie.
Speaker B: There's something going on. There's something.
Speaker D: No, I agree with you, man. There's the dimensions emerging, or something's going on.
Speaker A: That's true. That's true. That's how me and Des met. We're actually the same person from another. From other dimensions. Yes, exactly.
Speaker B: All right, continue on. That's all I need to ask.
Speaker A: That's it.
Speaker B: That's. That was my. I needed to know. I have a big, bad inside information on this.
Speaker C: I have a guilty pleasure question for a cast of the sandlot. How bad were y'all actually smitten for Wendy Peppercorn?
Speaker D: Oh, we. All of us were in love with her, you know? And also, we were all, like, twelve and 13 year old kids that were, like, making this movie. So we, like. I think we probably thought, like, we had a chance with her.
Speaker B: I would definitely think I had a chance for you guys.
Speaker A: Were you all jealous of squints during this?
Speaker C: You have one of the most famous lines in that whole scene, which is. Oh, man, he's in deep shit.
Speaker D: Yeah, I know. I know. There's a couple of customers in there. And in fact, there was a scene where I say the f word, and then. And then my brother, the little brother, repeats it, and they. They cut that out. And part of the reason was that it would have bumped the rating up to PG 13.
Speaker A: That needs to be released as a interactive card. That's funny. So let's. I want to know kind of how you got into, you know, how you got.
Speaker C: Can I guess? Is it.
Speaker D: I.
Speaker C: Is it? And you effing played with it. And then he goes, you effing played with it.
Speaker D: No, it's a. So it's a. There's a whole kind of b story happening with Benny and Maury Wills, who. Who broke the stolen base record in the same year that the movie takes place. So Benny was, like, obsessed with him. And every time Maury stole a base, you know, squints was listening to the games on the radio. Every time Morris stole a base, Benny would have to go out and steal a base. And so then there's a scene where we all buy packs of baseball cards and Benny opens his up and every single card is Maury Wills. And I say, m f. Impossible.
Speaker A: That's funny. So how many, like, of those type of scenes actually get cut from the movie? Like what? And how much of that doesn't make the actual film?
Speaker D: I'm actually shocked that there hasn't been some kind of a release with all, like, the deleted scenes because there are, like, quite a few scenes that were cut out of the movie. There were a couple different, like, gadget type things that we tried to get the ball back that didn't make it in.
Speaker A: Oh, that would be fun to see.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: There was, like another scene between us and the, the rival, like, little League team. There's quite a few things that got cut. There was a bunch of stuff at the school that happens at the beginning that never made it interesting.
Speaker A: That's cool. So how did you get into acting as a kid and what made you go for this movie? How did that all happen?
Speaker D: Well, growing up, I grew up here in LA, so I had family friends that were involved in the business and I got into it. I was like five years old when I, when I started. Wow. So it was just kind of like a friend of the family was like, hey, you know, he's a cute kid and whatever, and let's see if he can memorize dialogue and let's get him an agent. And that's what happened, you know, I mean, I was really outgoing and stuff as a kid, and I think they were just like, let's see. And so I started booking things left and right and just, you know, it's kind of.
Speaker A: What was the first thing you were ever in?
Speaker D: I think the very first well, actually, the very first thing before I even had an agent was I was an extra in the final episode of Moonlighting.
Speaker A: Really?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: That's what Bruce Willis and. Yeah. Yeah, that's a good show.
Speaker D: It was a great show.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: But, yeah, I remember my parents would.
Speaker B: Watch that all the time.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's an awesome show.
Speaker A: That's funny. So that was the first thing you had to reboot?
Speaker B: Actually, no, I agree. I think that would be a good show to reboot.
Speaker D: But. But, yeah, I just kept getting stuff and so, you know, it just kind of kept going from there.
Speaker A: The. I think I need a better agent.
Speaker B: Yeah. You're not a cute kid anymore.
Speaker A: No, I need a. I need a better agent, I think so.
Speaker C: They can do so much with CGI. You can play cute kids.
Speaker A: Yeah, they can give me. They could give me some abs or something at least, right?
Speaker B: That's all I'm looking for. Abs and hair.
Speaker A: Yeah. Well, there you go. Right now you're kind of like Woolly Willy.
Speaker B: It's true. Hey, Vic, I have a question for you, and I'm just realizing this now. I'm pretty sure the sandlot had a direct correlation. For my love of Stephen King novels, do you guys ever notice the similarity between the story in the sandlot and, like, other, like, maybe like, it or state, like, stand by me.
Speaker D: Yeah, sure. As, like, an entry point into that much lighter version or whatever, but I could.
Speaker B: Those kids could translate super easily to, like, to, like, a more of a Stephen King type story.
Speaker D: You know, it's funny. Somebody actually cut together on YouTube a trailer for the sandlot, but as a horror movie, and it's like, the funniest thing I've ever seen.
Speaker B: I could definitely see.
Speaker A: I think I saw that. I think I saw that. That's great. Hey, there you go. Chamber. Look at it. You're a. It actually was him. He did it.
Speaker B: I wanted to plug it.
Speaker D: That's good. It was really good.
Speaker A: All right, shaver. What, you got some more child actor in the nineties questions. I know.
Speaker B: I just realized about the Stephen King correlation so far.
Speaker A: Your questions are way out there.
Speaker B: That's why I try to go. I guess the next question I have would be, were any of you guys just absolute trash at baseball?
Speaker A: That's a great question.
Speaker B: Like, everybody's kind of good at baseball, but was anybody?
Speaker D: I think you ask about that, but I'll say no. Um, you know, for the most part, we all. It was kind of a prerequisite when we got cast that, like, you could at least, like, hit and throw, right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: And then after that, we did, like, I want to say, like, six weeks or so. It was a really long process of rehearsals. And we would, like, we would do, like, table reads, and we would rehearse the scenes during the early part of the day, and then we'd break for lunch, and then the whole second half of the day would go to a field. And we all play baseball together because they wanted us to look like kids that have been playing together as a team for so long.
Speaker B: That makes sense.
Speaker D: So we did almost like a baseball boot camp kind of thing ahead of the film.
Speaker A: That's so cool. It's really cool to hear, you know, like, how that stuff happens. So when did you realize, like, I hear I heard this about, you know, some other television shows that are now considered classics. But, like, you. You even mentioned it earlier when you were originally doing this. You didn't know what it was gonna turn into, right. You obviously couldn't have known it was gonna be this cult classic. When. When did you guys finally know, like, oh, this is a bigger deal than maybe we all even thought it was.
Speaker D: You know, I think actually, like, on set, we all kind of, I think, had a feeling that this was gonna be, like, a special movie. Obviously, we had no idea what it would turn into. But, I mean, I even remember reading the script with my dad right after I'd gotten cast. And we went through it, reading it together, and my dad just going like, this is really good. But again, it's like, you just never know what is going to happen afterwards. And for me, it was like, it wasn't, like, a huge success in the theaters. And I think it took a little while to really catch on anyway in popularity. So for me, it was like the 20th anniversary was the first time that, like, Fox reached out to us and tried to, like, they brought us back to Salt Lake City where we filmed it to the original sandlot, a couple, like, little kind of promotional things. And that's when we realized, because we would show up at a place and they'd go, yeah, we think there's gonna be a thousand people, maybe 1500. And then, like, 15,000 people would show up really well. And that's when we were like, wow, this. Like, I don't think any of us realized the impact that the film had until then.
Speaker A: That's cool, because I think. And I think that's kind of what I was trying to get at with the question is, like, as time goes on, it almost gets bigger and it's bigger than it ever was when it was, you know, around. And I think that's kind of what nostalgia does, right, Des? We keep going back to nostalgia, and I think that's. That's a big piece of it. So I remember the first time I ever watched it. I was at somebody's birthday party, and we were, like, sleeping over their house, and that was the first time I ever watched it. I'll never forget it. And I don't know why I had to watch it recently, actually, because my wife had never seen it, and so I. I had to show her the sand lot, and I. We watched it, I don't know, maybe a month ago. So I was like, oh, let's do it. Cool. So. And she hates sports, so, like, she was like, oh, I can't believe we're gonna watch this movie. And then she loved it, so.
Speaker D: Well, I mean, that's the thing. It's not really, like, I wouldn't call it a baseball movie. Like, it's really about the friendship and about all the other stuff, and baseball is kind of the backdrop.
Speaker A: Mm hmm. Yeah, I totally agree.
Speaker B: Definitely not the mighty ducks, you know?
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: I don't know if I can make my. I don't know if I can make my wife watch the mighty ducks, but she definitely loves the sandlot.
Speaker C: I can't watch the remake on Disney. Plus right now.
Speaker B: I'm gonna try. I'm gonna try living in Canada. I mean, we have to watch the mighty dogs. I mean, that's.
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, I'll check it out. I haven't watched it yet either, but I. But, I mean, I'm curious.
Speaker B: Emilio.
Speaker A: Chamber, you know? Now, we have interviewed young Charlie from the Mighty Ducks and Victor from when we had Brock Pierce on our other show. So we've now hit both of those movies. So what's next? The sky's the limit for us now, but. Yeah. So let's just circle back as we wrap up. Let's just. So one more time, where can. Like, what. What's the website people can find this on? We're pulling it up here. But what is the actual web address?
Speaker D: It's boysofsummer dot cardsummer dot cards.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: It'll be in the show notes, too, for anybody that wants to check that out.
Speaker D: Cool.
Speaker B: All the links will be in there, so you can check this out.
Speaker A: And now, again, in case you forgot at the beginning. So the presale is going on now. You can buy up until the 19th. Correct. And then they open on the 18th.
Speaker D: And then packs drop on the 19th.
Speaker A: Is that because you are. When the presale stops, that's when you kind of mint them all. Is that. Is that what happens?
Speaker D: Well, they'll be minted as they're opened, as the packs are open. So.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: Packs will drop on the 19th. That's why it's like at midnight. Then on the 20th is like when they can be open. So everybody can go try to open them all at once and see who gets the lower serial numbers.
Speaker A: Ah, that's always the fun, right?
Speaker D: That's the fun part, right? It's the Race to open the packs.
Speaker A: It's the new toy in the Box of Cereal. It's now the new serial number in the pack. The low serial number in the pack. Yeah. So awesome. And then what? I don't know if we touched on this, but what are the two price points that people can expect when they see this on wax?
Speaker D: So the, the, the two packs, we got the five card pack for ten. That's your standard. And then we got the Jumbo Pack of 15 cards, and that's for 25.
Speaker A: Awesome.
Speaker D: Yeah, and it's all us dollars. No wax required.
Speaker A: No wax required. Very easy to sign up on wax. You can do it with a Google account, I think, even a Facebook account, your discord, your Twitter, your Reddit account, anything.
Speaker D: Yeah. And look, tops and Funko and everybody else are coming to wax, so it's going to be a thing. Might as well get your wax wallet now.
Speaker A: Heck yeah. And chamber. What is the. So once they're there, if they wanted to buy, sell and trade these, what is the site that they can do.
Speaker B: That on your, I'm assuming atomic hub.
Speaker A: Okay, so that's atomic hub that people can go to to then trade, buy, sell all of that other. Great.
Speaker D: That's right. So you can get that signature level squints card that you gotta have.
Speaker A: I'm definitely gonna have that. I gotta have all of them, I think, especially if we're gonna get some access to the 30th anniversary now, so. All right, well, that's awesome. So as we wrap up here, Des, you got any last questions, comments or anything?
Speaker C: Now I just want to say thank you for hopping on Victor. Like I said, I think for almost everyone who probably will listen to this, you know, sandlot has meant so much. So I know you guys probably felt that energy on the set and just. Yeah, thanks. Thankful.
Speaker D: Thanks for having me, guys. You guys are awesome, man. It's been fun.
Speaker A: Good. I'm glad you had a good time. Chamber, any weird other questions you want to ask?
Speaker B: I weirded up Vic, enough.
Speaker D: That's right. You got my email address. If you think of anything, just shoot me the question. I will.
Speaker B: I will.
Speaker A: Hey, Vic. Hey, Vic. It's chamber. What size shoot is Betty?
Speaker D: Hey, whatever, man. Whatever you want to know.
Speaker B: Hey, where can we find. Are you on Twitter or Instagram?
Speaker D: Yeah, you can find me on Instagram. Iktor demattia. I'm on Twitter. I'm on Facebook. I'm on all that. Just.
Speaker B: We'll have links so you guys can follow Vic on Twitter, on Instagram, all that fun stuff. We'll also have links for wax web wallets and atomic hub as well. So you'll be able to find everything right on there.
Speaker A: Very awesome. So, Victor, thank you so much for joining us. We're looking forward to the pack drop. We're looking forward to see how this project evolves in the future and how we can stay in touch with the sandlot going forward. So appreciate your time, man, and good luck with everything.
Speaker D: Thanks a lot, guys. That was awesome.
Speaker A: Awesome. And then until next time, stay mint.
