Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am Joe, aka Bunch. You bets alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, chamber. Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: I am doing very well. We were cutting it pretty close today. I was doing. I was completing some tasks for my new employee and selecting which cannabis stores were better than others. So that was a fun exercise.
Speaker A: How's your first week of the dream job?
Speaker B: Imagine just talking to a bunch of, you know, cannabis enthusiasts every single day. It's. It's amazing.
Speaker A: It's. I feel like that's what I do on discord. But never. Nevertheless, we have an awesome show for you today. We have the one and only legendary Paul Jenkins with us. Paul, how are you? Thank you so much for joining us.
Speaker C: Yeah, I'm doing. I'm doing great, guys. How are you doing?
Speaker A: Wonderful. We are super excited to have you. Super excited to talk about your background, your journey into the NFT space, what you're doing with NFT genius and the NFT experience conference coming up, as well as I want to get some background behind the avatar that you're using here. And then just at the top here, everybody listening live here can go and retweet our live tweet, the live show tweet from DjEn network and you'll be entered into the giveaway today. What we are giving away is pretty awesome. So we are giving away five vip tickets to the NFT experience conference that starts tomorrow and Thursday, and it is a virtual conference here. So.
Speaker B: Unbelievable.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's pretty awesome. So they are $100 value. So we're giving away $500 worth of tickets here, Chamber. So that's pretty awesome. So looking forward to giving that away. All you got to do is retweet the live tweet to be entered and we'll give that away at the end of the show. Chamber, you're not allowed to win. Neither are you, Paul. No, neither. Neither is Paul.
Speaker C: That's not fair.
Speaker A: Awesome. Yeah. So let's get started. So, for those of you who may not know who Paul is, Paul is, I would say, a super storied career artist, writer, storyteller, and he's worked on some, I would say some of the most major, you know, ips of our lifetime. We were talking. Me and Chamber were talking before the show, Paul. You were what the. If I remember correctly, the third employee, like, working on teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Speaker C: That's right. Yeah. It was a company called Mirage Studios, and it was called Mirage Studios because it didn't actually exist. It was a race. And then we had this tiny little office in a place called Northampton, Massachusetts.
Speaker A: I know it well. I used to live right near there, actually.
Speaker C: Okay. All right. Yeah, small world. So it was great place. And we, you know, we did this thing up there, and I met the guys who created the Ninja Turtles, and I was a musician at the time. They did an album cover for my band, and I broke my leg playing football and soccer. Right? And so I was like, oh, man, I need a job. So I asked him, hey, do you guys need any help? And they went, yeah, yeah, it's getting busy, because they just sold the rights to do the toy and the tv show, and the next thing I know, I'm probably two, three months in, and the thing just exploded, and, wow, you.
Speaker A: Know, chamber, we were just talking like, teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is one of the, I would say, biggest influences in our childhoods. Like that was I had every. I had every toy, I had every tv show. What about you?
Speaker B: I mean, same. I mean, I think the first Ninja Turtles movie may have been the first or second movie I ever been to, but I watched a documentary recently, and now the names. Yeah, I don't know.
Speaker C: The toys that made us.
Speaker B: Is it the toys that made us? But, yeah, you're probably. That was the one I was thinking of. But just the story behind it. When you're a kid and playing with these things, you don't really fully grasp what's happening on that kind of level. And it was just absolutely bananas to go back and rewatch that.
Speaker A: I was telling Chamber before you got on, Paul, that when I was younger and when I still believed in the tooth fairy, so, like, two or three years ago, my parents put a vhs of the ninja turtles under my pillow instead of a couple dollars. So that's how big of a fan I was. And then I also said, you know, I wish I could sleep now like I did then. Where you could actually slide a vhs under my pillow, I don't know. But not as sound of a sleeper these days. But, yeah, I mean, that's it. That's incredible. It's also interesting story on, then, how you got started with them. So, am I correct, then, now then, saying that Northampton, Massachusetts, is the birthplace of teenage mutant ninja Turtles? Is that true?
Speaker C: Yeah, that area. It was Amherst, Northampton, Hadley, Hadley, those areas. And so Kevin and Pete, Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird, the two creators, were Kevin. Kev's great, right? He remains one of my best friends, and he's really funny guy. He would always say, you know what? I was a lobster cook, man. I came out Portland, Maine. I was cooking lobsters. I came down to Amherst. I met a newspaper cartoonist called Pete. And we did this thing. And literally, the first drawing of the turtles is on a napkin. And they were just trying to. They were just trying to outdo each other. Got these like crazy, you know, they were just basically drawing, having a duel off, you know, on art. And Kevin draws one with nunchucks, and so Pete draws four of them, and the thing took off. And, in fact, the original contract with Mark Friedman, the lot, the surge licensing guy that made the Ninja Turtles happen, is also on a napkin, which is hilarious. They met this guy. This guy came from New York City, and they'd never seen a guy in a suit before, so they kind of sat with this guy like this, what's this dude doing? You know? And he took it down to LA, and he sold the toy rights to Playmates. And at the same time, he kind of went down and sold the tv rights as well, in each case saying, yeah, yeah, I've already got a toy deal, when he didn't. And then he went to the tv people and said, yeah, I got a tv deal to the toy people. And they're like, okay, I guess we'll do it. And the rest of it, I mean, I can remember just crazy times with that. I remember. I remember being on set with vanilla ice, right? And this is. This is in the second movie, and it was. It was exactly as bad as you would expect, right? And he was so stoned that he couldn't remember his name. So he just. He couldn't remember any of his lines, couldn't do anything. And he drove around and alienated everybody. And he crashed into the creature workshop in a buggy.
Speaker A: Oh, my God.
Speaker C: Yeah. And trying to get him, you know, trying to move the crowd, you know, trying to choreograph a bunch of people, and vanilla ice is just like, can't work out what he's doing. It was. It was. It was funny, but it was also.
Speaker A: Like, oh, I can imagine. It's super frustrating.
Speaker B: I just have, go, ninja, go, ninja, go. And stuck in my head now for.
Speaker C: The rest of the.
Speaker A: That's actually the. There was actually so many more lines to that, but he couldn't remember that. That's just what it ended up with.
Speaker C: So those days were great. And obviously, you know, we didn't even understand what's going on. When the first film came out, that was when it really just exploded. And we already had the toys in the show and that. But when it did explode, I remember going out and seeing kids lined around the block to watch the show, to watch the film for weeks on end, you know, it's like the, the last time I've ever seen that phenomenon. Crazy.
Speaker A: Yeah, isn't that, I mean, it's funny. Like, I've listened to a bunch of, you know, podcasts with, with people who have worked on, you know, really cult classic television shows. One particular, like the, the office, and they always talk about how, you know, they weren't sure that it was going to be a thing until it was a thing that they were like, holy crap, this is going to be the biggest thing we've ever, you know, worked on. So that's, that's interesting. So, you know, for you there, like, is that one you realized, oh, this thing is pretty darn big. Or, you know, did you have that feeling when they were writing contracts on napkins?
Speaker C: Yeah. No, I mean, I wasn't there when they wrote the contract on the napkin, but, yeah, you got this feeling, you know, I mean, we would. I can remember I had a really weird experience. At one point, I was flying back from the set, and I sit next to a guy, and because of the, you know, by virtue of the, the money that was coming in, you know, I'm 22 years old, and I'm sitting in first class and trying, you know, and I don't care about stuff like that, but I was sitting next to some cat, and he ends up, he's the CEO of the Kroger grocery store channel.
Speaker A: No way.
Speaker C: I sort of chat with that guy, and I said, you know, fred? What? He did? Yeah, his name was Larry.
Speaker B: His name was Larry, not Fred Kroger.
Speaker C: And a really nice guy. And I told him, man, I'm 22 years old, and I just, I've got staff now, and I don't know, you know, and I asked his advice, am I doing this? Okay? And he went, yeah, right. So, like, I suppose this is worth one anecdote. I'll give you one anecdote because I don't want to hijack this show. But there's this one time I flew into Los Angeles from Great Britain, and it was right when the northridge earthquakes happened. So I land and the earthquakes happened, and I'm like, wow, the first time I've ever been to LA, it was 1990, I think, and the ground exploded and stuff kept happening. I was like, wow, they do have a lot of earthquakes over here. Who knew, right? I didn't realize it was that big. And so virtually one thing or another, I ended up staying at a place called the Sunset Marquee. And everybody thought I was a drummer for Metallica and they wouldn't leave me alone. They kept sliding messages for this guy, telegrams for this guy, and I kept taking them to the front desk and saying, I'm not the drummer from Metallica. And they go, yes, we get it.
Speaker B: And they sort of wink, wink, nudge, nudge, nudge, nudge.
Speaker C: And so they kept doing it. So in the meantime, Kevin Eastman goes out, he comes in the morning and I'm literally going out to eat breakfast. And there's me, like 22 years old, 23, and, and, um, I'm sitting opposite Roger Moore and Bruce Springsteen is over there having his eggs and there's like starlets jumping in the pool and it's like 08:00 in the morning. I'm like, what's happening here? Right? So. And the previous night I had spent in the bar with Bill Maher and Ian Asprey from the cult, right now having a drink, right? And I'm like, what is going on? So anyway, so I'm sitting there, that's about the name drop of name drops, except it gets better. So I'm sitting there and Kevin Eastman comes in the one of the careers, and he says, hey, Paul, you never guess who I met last night at the Playboy mansion, of all places. Terry Jones from Monty Python. And he goes, oh, cool. And so as Terry, Terry runs in a minute later and he says, terry, come over here. And he introduces me to Terry and I said, oh, hello, Terry, you live next door to my mum. And he says, what do you mean? I said, you live in Llanidlos in mid central Wales, right? And he's like, yeah, I just moved there a few weeks ago. I said, you know, hazel? And he said, are you Hazel's boy?
Speaker A: Wow, wow, small world.
Speaker B: I'm a huge. Like, Terry is my absolute favorite python too. Like, that's, that's, I mean, that's.
Speaker C: So he knew my mom from down up.
Speaker B: That's bananas.
Speaker A: And then he was like, I never knew. Hazel's son was the drummer for Metallica. That's so weird.
Speaker C: Basically, he. We chat and everybody's all jealous because I've made friends with Terry Jones and we got to know each other and we chat from time to time. I ended up writing a video game that he created called Blazing Dragons. And when they needed the voiceover, they called me up and they said, any chance you could ask Terry to do the voiceover? So I asked my, I asked my mum, she went down the pub, asked him in the pub, right? And he went and did the voice.
Speaker A: That's awesome. What a cool, what a cool story. That's, that's really cool. So, you know, if only ninja Turtles was, like, the coolest thing on your resume here. So you, not only that, then you, so you, yeah, you get, I'm at.
Speaker B: A loss right now.
Speaker A: You're, you're working, you know, with the Ninja Turtles, and then how do you get from there to, you know, Marvel and your background there? Because that's, you have a pretty extensive background with Marvel comics and everything like that. And, I mean, that's just a huge ip that we're seeing stuff happen within the NFT space now as well. So how does that come about?
Speaker C: Well, you know, I got out of the publishing side of it, and I thought I was actually, this is about, I can't, unfortunately, it's hard not to say the story without kind of name dropping. So that was the ultimate name drop thing I just did. But for a time, I was Alan Moore's editor. I was Neil Gaiman's editor. I was a lot people's editor. So Alan Moore created watchmen. And, and so I was very friendly with Alan, and I went to go see him in, of all places, Northampton, England. So I went from Northampton, USA, to Northampton, England, and I sit with Alan. We were talking about the work that he does. And I realized, you know, I think maybe Alan, I might be able to write these books. I feel like what you're telling me are things that I feel are my instincts, too. And so he sort of encouraged me to do it. So that year, I went to San Diego Comic Con, and I met the editor of Hellblazer, which is a pretty prestigious book for DC. And I asked him, I heard that you're looking for a writer. And he said, yeah, what have you written? And I said, well, I've actually never written anything before. And so they gave me a tryout for no reason whatsoever. How did they give me a tryout? And I tried out for the book, and six weeks later, they called me and said, well, guess what? You're the new writer of Hellblazer. And so I took it. That's Constantine John, costing you.
Speaker B: That's a serious. That's a serious. Wow, that's great.
Speaker C: So I wrote that. And at a certain point, you know, I was friends with Jay Lee, and he and I had talked about doing a Hellblazer hell shock crossover. Hell shock was his book, but it never came about. And one day he called me up and he said, hey, you know, Marvel are looking at redoing some stuff, and they'd get all the characters they can't sell at the time. They couldn't sell daredevil, and they wanted to. They wanted to know if somebody, somebody like you was interested in doing any Marvel work. And I went, yeah, I suppose so. And he said. He said, well, how about if we do the Inhumans? And I said, yeah, that's great. Who are they? And so they sent me two five page Jack Kirby stories, and I said, that's good. And I wrote a book for them, and it won them an Eisner award, and they hadn't won one in years. And so they basically just said, you can write anything you want to. So I ended up reviving a lot of work on Spider man. They gave me the Hulk. I was like the fix it guy. Fix the project, bring it back. And then at a certain point, I wrote the origin of Wolverine, and I wrote civil War frontlines for them. So a lot of stuff that I did, they made into a lot of movies. And as you may have seen lately, there's an awful lot to be said about that because they really have never given those of us who actually made their content any credit or financial, you know, for making billion dollar movies. I mean, I'm not even. I'm not even mentioned on the Wolverine origin movie because that's. That's the way that they do it, so.
Speaker A: That's crazy.
Speaker C: Yeah. Well, hey, I'll make money in nfts.
Speaker A: Well, I think that's probably a really good segue, right? So, I mean, that. That's probably a really great segue, in fact. So, I mean, you have all of these really. Obviously, your resumes is huge, and you've worked on some of these biggest ips. What got you into nfts? When was that? And what was that transition like for you?
Speaker C: It was actually really kind of perfect for somebody like myself, because one of the things that people don't see as much because it's not as public is the work that I've done on game design, right? So I've worked on some pretty big console games. Six of the games that I've written actually have gone platinum, right? So, you know, big ones. And one of the things that I really innovated on round about mid to late nineties was game storytelling. So if you think of nfts as a new medium now of storytelling, back in the mid nineties to late nineties, video games were a new medium of storytelling, and the industry itself wasn't really that interested in story in fact, I. A lot of times I would talk to people in the industry, and they would say, you can't tell a story with it. With a video game now, it sounds crazy. It sounds crazy now, but back then, that's what they felt, right? So when someone tells me, I can't do something like, you know what you can't do? You can't go to San Diego Comic Con and break in as a writer, and you can't be Alan Moore's editor, and you can't make films. You know, all the things he's telling me I can't do, I've already done. So I happened to write a game called, with. With Amy Hennig, who's a fantastic producer and writer in games called Soul Reaver, which is a legacy of Kane games. And that was a story about gnosticism in a video game in the mid nineties. And we did the Darkness, which I think is one of the most influential storytelling video games in the business. I think it directly led to a lot of games now, like BioShock. And I worked on a number of games. For example, prototype. I think the bones of Prototype are assassin's Creed. And so a lot of the work that we did in storytelling is really what became these big franchises that you see now. And so I've always been across media guy, everything. And I've even. I've even done a TED talk on the future of storytelling and storytelling across different media. And a few months ago, around about, you know, September of last year, I suppose, almost a year now, I had a call from Joe Sichter, who is former head of Disney's digital interactive labs. And Joe had moved out of Disney, but he and I knew each other very well. And he had been brought into NFT genius by the guys that were starting the project. And he said, I think I know the guy to write this. I think I know the guy to create this content with you. So he brought me in. I had never heard of NFts. I wasn't a crypto guy. I really wasn't. But I think I. In some ways, guys, that's actually an advantage. I know it sounds crazy, but remember, I'd never heard of inhumans, and yet I was able to do well because. Because I wasn't stuck inside preconceived notions. When people told me what you cannot do with NFT storytelling, I immediately said, I actually think you can. And so we got very carefully, we built out this opportunity, um, you know, to help tell the story, the bitcoin origin story, and to to build that out. Um, they have a tremendous, uh, asset in all of that. Um, you know, we. We work with, uh, a relatively interesting person who I sometimes interact with Giram, who is somebody that's been on the telegram channel, and, you know, I get information to write about. So, you know, behind the curtain. I actually do help construct some of the written work because that's part of my job in all of it. But I love getting. It's actually the weirdest muscle, getting handed content and say, make something out of this. And you go, okay. And then you send it in. So that's pretty cool. And then, you know, we have, you know, we put that content out, and now we have a bunch of new content that we're putting out. So bitcoin origins did really well. I think it sort of arrived at an audience on its first iteration in moment one, but by moment three, it was selling out within seconds. And really? Yeah, I think it sold out in 7 seconds. The third moment, the last one that we just did, sold out in less than 7 seconds as well. So it's flying right now. It's doing really well.
Speaker A: That's awesome. So for this cross media idea and storytelling in nfts, where do you see that going in the future? Obviously, we're talking. We're very, very early in this now, and what you can do with nfts, period. So where do you see, you know, this aspect of it, you know, 3510 years down the road?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: So, as. As I mentioned in my horrible name dropping thing, you know, I have done a TEDx talk on this. It was really interesting to do because I have become a person that people look to for storytelling across every medium. And this is a new medium. It's a new form of distribution. It has so much substance in it that people haven't tapped into yet. And as a storytelling method, it has a ton of stuff that people aren't doing yet. So let's just. Let's just go to a few things. I think the concern has always been when you approach a new medium like this, people might look at NFTs and say, well, how can I possibly tell a story? And the answer to that in my college lecture is, it really depends on how you define story. Right, right. If I define story as the engineering of somebody else's emotions, then we're telling a story with anything. I mean, I'm telling a story. If you play a game, I'm telling a story. If I can entertain you, if I make you happy, think of what happens when you open a pack in a video game like Hearthstone or something, you open it, you get a little bit of a dopamine fix, and it goes epic rare. And you go, oh my God, I got the epic rare card. That is a story whether you like it or not. And so what I learned in game design was that video game stories are just a different type of story in which the participant is also the actor and the director in the story, and they can make their own decisions. So, nfts, what are they? Well, they're a perfect medium for games. They're a great medium for stat battling games, for treasure hunts, which is one of the things that's happening in bitcoin origins, for recipe style games. All of these things can happen in NFT, but we haven't even scratched the surface of what we should be doing yet. And that's where I'm really, really enthusiastic. I think that what we plan on doing is looking at things like mutable assets and saying, here's an NFT, but 30 days after you got it, something happens to it and it changes the way that you experience the NFT and it changes the way that you experience the story. So if I can take stories, what does that suggest then? Listen to me. It suggests time travel stories, things that change, change reality. You know, there's all kinds of things that you can do. We have a project that we're doing right now with a couple of projects, really, that live in the humor place. You know, let's make people collect characters that make them laugh and then collect the weapons and the stats, and then we do stat battling with them a later date. And now you've got a game that is also a story. That's a great website experience. And all of these things can be done in nfts. And what's cool about it is the collective factor because all of those things live on the blockchain. You know where they started, you know where they ended, you know, like, you don't have to wonder if it's forged or if it's a, if it's really got that value or if it's going to lose value. The value is dictated just like cryptocurrency, by the perception of the audience. So if you think it's valuable, it's valuable.
Speaker A: Yeah, sure. That's awesome. I think so. Chamber. Bring up, bring up sidekick. I think this is a nice segue to that as well when you're talking about, okay, the humor aspect, I think, and that's what your avatar here is. But we'll bring up the website here, you could tell us a little bit about the thought and what you just described and how it relates to this project here.
Speaker C: Yeah, absolutely. I'll give you even a breakdown of the characters once they come on. I can tell you. My avatar, by the way, is confuso, the world's dumbest robot. So basically, the idea behind Confuso is that if I was going to be responsible for helping revive and rebuild the Marvel universe, then I sure as hell going to break it down as well. So I'm going to destroy it. And every robot you see in science fiction is super calculus and knows everything. So confuso is just stupid. He has no idea how to calculate anything. So, you know, if you, if you want to calculate an attack vector, just go in a different direction. Let's see. So you got confuser in the back, left over there in. In front of him, you've got lard lad, who's very much like Iceman from the. From.
Speaker A: Yeah, we're going to have a conversation. I'm afraid you've used my likeness without my permission.
Speaker C: Yeah, we got, we got lard lad. And so instead of building ice bridges of ice, he builds them a pure lard, and they promptly collapse. In the background there with the, with the t shirt, it's Duncan disorderly. He's a. He's way in the background over there, you've got mega Rabbi proving was proving with size and strength that Judaism is the one true religion. You've got. You got future last play in the accordion. And what's great about her is that she comes from the future. And these are the things that I love about science fiction. She comes from the future, and that's great, but she has a really bad memory, and she's kind of dumb. So she didn't really study in college. So even though she comes from the future, whatever happens now, she can't remember it. So she goes, oh, yeah, that. So she didn't study history. You've got one of my favorite characters right there is the robot with the inhaler. His name is Gondam, the significant. And Gondam is from a dying robotic homeworld. So he's come to earth because his home world is dying. But what you find out is they're not dying. They're just really bad hypochondriacs. So he's always complaining about, like, things hurt, you know that next to him, next to him with his arms up, you got perspiration, lad, because that's about the most useless power. And that's one of Eddie's best friends, his perspiration.
Speaker A: Another, another one of my likelihoods.
Speaker C: Behind him is hyperactive girl. No boy can hide from the caffeine teenage. We'll finish this roster out and we might as well do it over there. To the right of him, you've got this guy. His name is etterbium man. And the idea is that all of the other elements were taken. So he couldn't get gold, he couldn't get silver, he couldn't get, like, steel, you know? So he becomes eterbium man. And his catchphrases, it's time to get kind of rusty because that's in the background over there, you've got the living sherbet, which is kind of like swamp thing, right? Radioactive water washes up on a, on a beach and covers a bunch of ice cream cones. And living sherbet is born for no. Whatsoever. A couple of favorites in the middle there. You can't see her very well, but there's a character down below called mood swinger. And she's kind of like two face. Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: So the idea is basically, you know, she, she's in a good mood half the time and she's in a bad mood half of the time. And no one has the nerve to just tell her. She's really, really moody. Right? It's not, it's not a power so much. It's just that's who she is. Um, next to her is static boy, um, and he controls the sheer magnetic power of almost seven balloons. Um, wow.
Speaker B: Almost. Not quite seven.
Speaker C: Quite seven balloons. Um, you've got kelp boy, uh, in the foreground, the one that looks a little bit like washed. He controls. He has the power to clog the propellers of all watercraft.
Speaker B: He has that old Greg look to him.
Speaker C: Yeah, he has the power of seaweed, basically. Next to him we actually have this whole group of them. That one there, the monster, is called Drunken Stein. And he's just like when he was built from scratch, they gave him the liver of a drunk. And so he's just a complete drunk. I apologize for this last one, everybody. But the last one, her power is the power of dooble entendres. She knows how to, like, cripple people. And her, and her name is the pink taco.
Speaker A: So. So if you go down chamber, then you can see kind of these, the characters in their, their, I guess, teams or squad odds. If you, if you scroll down a little, you'll see the starting roster here. You can click on any one of those right and so these are your teams?
Speaker C: Yeah. There's a favorite right in the middle. Every guy, I don't know what it says about guys, but you got power plumber. So he's, he's, yeah, every guy likes Lord Stone cock. Everybody, everybody immediately goes to him. Um, but you got, you got power plumber who's, who's, um, unclogging crime one drain at a time. You got Duncan sorterly, Lord Stuncock. And then on the right, you got speed with speed reader. He can read almost twice as fast as you can.
Speaker B: Wow, that's significantly fast.
Speaker C: That's pretty fast. And if you can find a couple of those, the league of dicks are actually pretty. So the League of Dicks is the league of demented and insane criminals, killers and sickos. League of dicks.
Speaker A: That's fantastic.
Speaker C: You got Miles flat, the vocal assassin. Another big favorite of fans is clock blocker. So his deal is that, you know, in science fiction, you're not supposed to go back in time and fiddle with history. So that's exactly what he does. He goes back in time and he has sex with as many people as possible to change the demographics of history. And it kind of explains Germany, you.
Speaker B: Know, the hero we deserve.
Speaker C: You got mood swinger back there. You've got Colonel Lingus who's, you know, he insults people to death. And harmonica has this big harmonica on her face, and she just plays it and like, cripples her foes with atrocious music. So this, we have 120 of these things, by the way.
Speaker A: Wow. There's 120 characters. So that's, that's crazy. So now, I mean, I think what we, this is perfect to what we're talking about, right? So we just went and in five minutes went through maybe 20 of these. And each one of them has a story behind them, not just the art. Right. So I think what you're, what you're doing here is really interesting with the storytelling and the comedy piece that you were talking about. And obviously there's going to be a collectibility. So, you know, what is your kind of big vision for this sidekick project that we're looking at here? Yeah.
Speaker C: And you can actually, if you go, if you go down again, chamber, if you go down a little bit, you'll see the roadmap. So you don't have to actually look at it because I think it'd be pretty small to bring up on screen. But the general idea is this, right now we're making a map of Metroville, which is where they live. And you can go in, at a certain point later in the year, probably maybe turn of next year, and you can actually pick out a piece of land that belongs to you in Metroville. Inside that piece of land, you'll be able to generate a couple of your own sidekicks so you can actually build out a team, which is really cool. But the ultimate thing is there are two or three things that will happen. Number one, when we build out this website, as we do for the next year or so, people will come back and they'll see all of the histories of the characters. So you may have, um, let's, let's pick one because I actually have up on my screen right here, um, I'm going to pick, um. Let's, let's pick one that isn't Lord Stonecock because everybody will, everybody will just kind of basically gravitate to Lord Stonecock all the time. Uh, let's take power plumber. Um, power plumber. You know, what we do is we list the category, the affiliation, the description of them, but then we sort of say powers. You know, with this trusty hyper wrench in hand, power plumber stands ready to protect all plumbing and irrigation systems should they come under attack from metropols criminal element. In other words, I. He's a plumber origin story. After witnessing his elderly grandmother being overcharged by a nefarious handyman, eager plumbers apprentice Stanley Skopcock vowed to use his training for the good of all mankind. He is also available for low rates on tackle and many other respectable home service networks. So basically, he's just a plumber and he's got like a high. He's, you know, he's tricked out his car. The one thing that we also have, which we don't have up on the site yet, we have all of his weapons, and each character will have a set of weapons and gadgets, and they'll all have a vehicle as well, or something else, or a super cool thing about their hideout. So, you know, we'll show you is hyper wrench. And he has this really funny van that's got like a plunger on top of it. So, you know, what we then do with all of those elements later, and this is the whole point, is everybody wants the NFT game stuff. Everybody wants the NFTs to eventually be, be a game, right? But you need story and you need content. You need to care about the people in a fight, otherwise you won't care about the fight. It's always been the biggest maximum of storytelling, and so you're going to get to enjoy these characters find out which one you want to be. You know, do you want to be a member of cash? The Council of American Superheroes, which, by the way, is a nonprofit organization or checks payable to cash. Yeah. And they've all got really unfortunate acronyms because the superheroes in training their acronyms, it gets bad. But basically you're going to be able to pick your thing and you're going to be kind of like, or any of them the ones that you want. And then, you know, about a year plus from now, we will have a long term game designed. So it's like a stat battling game. The idea at the moment, the way that we're designing it, is the idea is actually to lose or to get out of fighting. It's still the same rules. If you can get a note from your mom or a sick note from your doctor, you win. Right. But you'll have a vibrant world. You'll be making your own sidekicks. You might, we might let people start naming their own sidekicks. You know, so there'll be generative art. There will be the main characters that we've got. There's tons of stories, there's comic books. There's literally like eight comic books already done all kinds of art and fan stuff. And then, you know, we're gonna, we're gonna basically throw in all kinds of competitions as well. You know, we're gonna let people play games with us inside the community because community is everything in the NFT space. And the biggest thing for us is building a bunch in our community. Everyone's a loser because the idea is to be to lose. So you sort of greet each other with, hey, loser, what's up? Right? And then everyone's a bunch of losers. And, you know, people so far love it. We haven't released it yet. We're just literally about to release all this stuff. But as you can see, we are doing it differently. We're doing story and character and I really full content to supplement the gameplay chamber.
Speaker A: What are your thoughts? I feel like this is literally, like right up your. Right up your alley.
Speaker B: We've talked to so many people in NFTs, and this one is by far the most thought out. And, you know what I mean? Like, there's just so much to dig into and, I mean, I'm so envious of a brain that can think of these things. I've always, you know, prided myself on my, on my humor. And it's just like you're talking, I'm like, ah, it's something that I don't have.
Speaker A: You're actually the least funny person on this podcast right now. Which is.
Speaker C: The thing is. The thing is, though, that's the point, right? We're like, we want you to come in, make your own sidekicks, man. Like, show us what you got, right? Like, make a look. Make a bunch of losers. Give them your names. You know, give them the things that they do. Like, describe their powers. It's almost. It's almost like fan fiction. It's a little bit like, yeah, this is my crew, right? This is where I live in Metroville. This is my little sphere of influence. And so, you know, you get to be part of a community where you get to kind of show off your stuff. You get to participate in the story. And here's the crazy thing. Not only do we have. When I said 120, we have 160 of them. I'm wrong. Sorry. We have 160 of them. We're making 120 more right now.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker B: What about power bottom? The superhero. The superhero NfT purchaser who only buys.
Speaker A: The top, only buys and sells the bottom. There you go.
Speaker C: That's a perfect one. We had a new one the other day. One of our writers on this project, actually, he came up with a great one, which is a guy who can speak to animals. We don't know his name yet. He can talk to the animals, but they don't like him because he's a dick, so they never speak back to him.
Speaker A: There's got to be a doctor doolittle you can do there. Chamber. While we're doing this, I want to see live. What team are you batting for? Do the quiz.
Speaker B: Yeah, let's do it. Let's do the quiz.
Speaker A: Do the quiz. All right.
Speaker B: The loser quiz.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: You guys see this? Yeah. You answer as yourself, so let's see what you would, and I'll answer as myself.
Speaker B: Are you annoying, irritating, irrelevant, lazy, or fucking asshole? I am irritating.
Speaker C: Before you continue, I want to point out that this was not written by a bunch of people on a russian bot farm. This was not written by Russians.
Speaker A: Perfect.
Speaker B: Good to know. You identify most closely with the following description of self loser. Failure. Angry person. Putin.
Speaker A: Are you sure this wasn't written?
Speaker B: I like Putin. Pick one word that best to describe your parents. That's four. Abject reject Thesaurus. Let's go. All of the above.
Speaker C: I like how the first option is all of the above.
Speaker B: If you could choose one superpower, what would it be? Kill people responsible for survey. Also Putin. Flying big and strong. X ray vision. I'm going. Also Putin. What type of animal are you? Bear? Pigeon? Silverfish? Angry badger? Super intelligent monkey? I think I'm a bear. Aliens arrive on earth, you shoot first, ask questions later, cower in fear, greet them as actual biological brothers and sisters, ignore them, say, I, for one, welcome the arrival of our alien overlords. And obviously, that's what I'm going with, because I voted for kodos. In battle, you are likely first to run away, surrender, give up, tap out, swim to safety. I'm gonna go run away. If you could go back in time, you would go back one day and play the lottery. Back to childhood, back to witness parents getting jiggy. That's. There's a lot of layers to that one. Back to the Renaissance period when animal husbandry was not so frowned upon. I love that one. Back to the dawn of time to stop it all from happening. That's what I'm going with. E favorite item of clothing? Pointless cape, tight spandex outfit, snuckle and or camel toe. Evil cane loincloth. Naked like bare chested leader riding horse.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Train. Train leaves Moscow. Are you sure this is not a russian bomb? Train leaves Moscow station at 05:00 p.m. traveling west to Siberia at 80 mph. Meanwhile in Hollywood, beautiful actress Jennifer Lawrence slips into something comfortable, or slips into comfortable nightgown and dreams of good siberian husband. Using these two facts as basis for determination. Why do bad things happen? They deserve it, obviously. That's what it comes down to. Random stranger passes you by, you hear the mutter the phrase, the weather in Minsk is unseasonably warm this time of year. Comrade, do you. I'm going with hint. The correct answer is circumental. Uh, go home and send your banking details to a random sidekick questionnaire, people.
Speaker C: And you are. Oh, you're the superheroes in training. Fantastic. I'm sh.
Speaker B: You know what I make. I am shit like with bunch. You.
Speaker A: I went. I answered the same. I answered alongside you, and I got the federation of Anarchists, renegades, and troublemakers.
Speaker B: That's absolutely terrific.
Speaker C: Let's take a quick look at what you've won. The Federation of Anakins. Quickly, open that one up.
Speaker A: Let's see the giant rabbi, soccer mom, Perkins of the jungle. That would be me. Is Perkins.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: That.
Speaker C: We like two of these soccer moms. Great, because it says the Honda pilot is an underrated weapon of mass destruction.
Speaker B: It's not.
Speaker C: What? I do not want to go up against the soccer mom, but actually, our favorite one in that is. Is Claude Ball's dinosaur hunter. So this guy, what he's done is he's. When mankind eventually clones dinosaurs, he's gonna be ready. That's his power. He's amazing. So he can protect us.
Speaker B: Just waiting in the wings.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Oh, my goodness.
Speaker C: As you can see, it's a very serious project. And there's a bunch of stuff that I think we're gonna do in this that I think people will love. Like one of the first ideas is we love the idea of mutable assets. We love the idea of cards that can change and we're looking at really heavily. For example, I think one thing that will be fun is we might do something where on pride day next year or in two years time or something, you'll find out which of our characters are gay because they'll show up in pride gear, they'll just change overnight and they'll have all kinds of really fabulous gear on and they'll do that for one day and then they'll just go back. Because it's fun, right? It's like, yeah, we just change things and make them interesting. And there'll be all the stuff that people love, all the collectible assets and the stuff that you can't get, the rarities, the different things. But some of our rarities might be function. It might be, you know, that it changes and becomes a more rare NFT. Just because we want to kind of throw that in there so that you never know what you've got in your collection.
Speaker A: Very cool. That's awesome. So before we move on from sidekick, when I can, people expect to see something about either a pre sale or a sale or anything like that.
Speaker C: Yeah. So what we're doing is we are just, if they go by sidekick, WTF? Which is very appropriate right now, they can chuck in their email address and stuff like that. We're going to build that functionality out for a couple of weeks and then the goal is probably two months from now. We'll really put, I mean, relatively quickly. We'll actually put some, some free stuff out. I think that's really important, right? So we're going to go to our community. We're going to go, here you go. Here's sketch cards, here's a bunch of stupid stuff. Here's the website. We're going to build that functionality out, give people a bunch of stuff for free for a few months, right? Let people kind of enjoy it and just go, listen, you want part of this world? Come on in. It will go relatively functional. Roundabout October, we think. In other words, you know, we'll hopefully be able to kind of go to the map, and we'll be able to kind of start bringing the map out and some of that stuff. The playability. The playability will really come through about this time next year. So you've got, the game will be fully built out and the economy will be built out. But in between now and then, who knows? Certainly we don't, because I got no fucking idea. I haven't worked it out. Yeah, this is a massive cash grab. What can I say?
Speaker B: I love the honesty. Refreshing.
Speaker A: That's funny. I was going to make a joke about Marvel.
Speaker C: Well, hey, listen, I learned everything about cash grab from Marvel.
Speaker B: Thing of the grabs.
Speaker A: That's it. So. Except you get this. You get to own this ip, right? So that's funny. That's awesome. So I'm super excited about this one. This is, I think it's right up chamber and I's alley from humor comedy standpoint. And I just love, you know, your point about what storytelling can do with these NfT collections. You know, we've seen, as you mentioned before, like, everything up to this point has been about the arts and mostly the art only, plus the community. Right. But once you can start building story in here, then your story builds the community with you and for you. And I think that's super powerful when we're talking about what a project like this could bring to the table. What are your thoughts on that?
Speaker C: Yeah, you got it dead on. Right. I think that what people are doing now, we have to sometimes look at the digital revolution and what the Internet really is. It's in our lifetime, of course, the Internet has become a thing and that social media has become a thing. But what we've got is a chance for self expression that is often misused. You look at people and they're screaming on their Facebook page or their Twitter feed or instagram, saying, look at me, look at me.
Speaker A: But.
Speaker C: But I think what we really want is we want that form of self expression. I want people to create their own sidekicks. I want them to enjoy this. I want them to laugh. I want them to sort of, like, realize, hey, why, for example, does it all have to be so serious? Right? Why can't we do comedy? Why can't we do all kinds of different storytelling? Why can't we? And this is something, you know, if people say this to me, I usually come across the table at them, but in all truth, why can't we make this into a game? Of course we can, because, you know, you should be able to enjoy that side of it. I want to play it. I want to experience it. I want the right amount of entertainment given to me. I want to make some of my own entertainment. And so all of those things are, like, sort of built into something like sidekick, which, as loopy as it looks, is very carefully constructed to allow people a chance for self expression over a number of years. You know, people are going to fall in love with us. Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. That's awesome. I love it. Cool. So I'm glad we got to dive into sidekick. Let's transition just real quick with our last couple minutes here and just talk about you working with NFT genius, what that's been like, how that got started, and then we'll talk a little bit about the conference that's coming up. So how did your partnership get started with them?
Speaker C: Yeah, so I was brought into entity genius by Joe Sicter, who used to be the director of Disney's digital interactive labs. And Joe would come in to work with NFT genius guys on a project called Bitcoin Origins. Right now, at that point, nothing had come out. And I think Joe brought me in to really just help see where the story lay in all of that. It was a really cool opportunity. We had a bunch of assets that were being given to us. We have an incredible, incredible artiste mute. If anybody has seen the artwork for bitcoin Origins, I will put it up there with the artwork for any NFT project that is out there. It's fantastic. Right? So, you know, we would animate the cards, but what was really cool about it was that there was a community there, and that community built really quickly. I mean, it taught me something, which is communities, everything in this space. And so we started working on it. You know, I was working on two or three projects at the same time. So some of my work was done on the Bitcoin Origins project, and it would be like helping, you know, just kind of finish stuff out and sort of like, get it written up and. And provide it and, you know, write the cards up and, you know, put the content that was given to us. And so, you know, we just, like, basically build a great community that was seeing the. The origin of bitcoin. But as they saw the origin of bitcoin, they had a treasure hunt to go look for. We literally gave away a bitcoin. They gave away a bitcoin at the end of moment five, and they're going to give away another bitcoin. I guess they've lined up to give away a bitcoin at the end of moment 510 and 15. And they go on. Everyone goes on a treasure hunt. Now, if you were to ask me what NFTs look like, these projects, they look to me an awful lot like the free to play mobile game space. And so that's really what you're looking at with NFT genius. We know that sidekick is very much in the free to play mobile game space. We give you a bunch of stuff. We let you play. If you want to spend $0, go for it. We want you to play. But if you want to spend other money because you care about the project and this is something that you see value in, by all means, please do, you know, so I think that that's the big thing. You know, we have, we have another project that's really cool called Crypto Buds, which is a weed themed thing. It's very much in the humor space as well. You have not lived until you've seen a lemon jelly thunder bastard because that is the biggest drain of weed. And what I love most of all about that is I am deathly allergic to weed. And yeah, I'm working on that project.
Speaker A: That's really funny. I think Chamber Chamber will probably be looking very closely at that one.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, you got my portion chamber because I can't, I can't even.
Speaker A: That's really funny.
Speaker C: But yeah, so we got that project and we've got, you know, a couple of other ones in the work, but certainly those three projects are lined up right now. Bitcoin origins is going strong. We got crypto buds going. And so now the big thing is, of course, we've got the NFT day, which is coming up. And that's a, you know, it's a fantastic opportunity for people to come in and share ideas and listen to people with some modicum of understanding of how the NFT space is. Because let me give you their little secret, right? Every single person, I mean, this about our guys, about Mark Cuban, about anybody, we, none of us really know it yet, do we? To be fair, right?
Speaker A: Totally.
Speaker C: We're doing the best we can. We'll tell you what we've learned. But because it's such a wild west and, you know, the undiscovered country of what the future of NFTs is, is going to be amazing. Nobody really knows what NFTs are going to do. And so I think half of the discussion is, what do we think here? Where are we going? Like, we don't know. We're going to do our best to shape it, I think. And that's a pretty honest approach to it.
Speaker A: I think that's a great way to say it because I think that's, you know, that's how we feel here on our podcast as well. We can bring you the greatest projects, we can give you opinions, but at the end of the day, it's also new and we're. We're going to adapt with all that. And I think that's a really nice, honest way to talk about it as well. Chamber, bring up the NFT experience website here. So we'll just kind of go through what people can see here. So literally starts tomorrow and goes through Thursday. So 18 hours, 58 minutes, 21 seconds from now, there's going to be a free as well as a vip'd access to this. So there will be a free aspect. So if anybody just wants to go and register, you'll have that opportunity. There is a believe VIP access and that's going to get you some limited edition NFTs that, that'll come with that. As well as some vip access to some of the sessions, I believe. And then the keynotes will be Mark Cuban, obviously, Dallas owners, Matt Dallas, Mav's owner. And the, you know, his entrance into the NFT space has been pretty profound, which I gonna have to sell a.
Speaker B: Bunch of nfts because he just paid.
Speaker A: Yeah, he just paid luca shit ton of money.
Speaker B: $5 million to a 20 year old. That seems like a lot of money.
Speaker A: Yeah. And then the other keynote is Rohan from top shot. So that's going to be awesome. 40 additional panel speakers, including yours truly here. I will actually be speaking on one of these panels, which right then and there, you know, what Paul said is absolutely true. None of these panelists must know shit because they just. They. They invited me to speak. But what we're really excited about is the topics here. So again, you could get in and attend for free. You'll also have the vip access if you want. But the topics are super interesting. So, Paul, are you actually. Are you speaking on one of these?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: So by a curious twist of fate, I'm actually shooting a documentary in Las Vegas over the next couple of days. So unfortunately, no, I wanted to. But part of the, you know, my appearance with you guys is that I had a bit of a conflict. So we're making a documentary at the moment. We're off doing something else as well. But, you know, I do agree with you that like things like the intersection of NFTs and so called Hollywood, that's.
Speaker A: What I would have pegged you on as the panel you were to speak.
Speaker C: Yeah, I would speak to a few of these, you know, obviously but I just think there's some fascinating stuff. So, you know, just things like play to earn. Gaming is in my background. You know, I'm actually, believe it or not interested in hearing about the sports trading cards because I've actually got a few ideas for how that might work myself. And I think that we do. NFT genius, you know, sports training cards. If you look at what nfts can do and what they have the possibility to do, I think it can change the way that sports trading cards are done and really bring them into a place where they're so verifiable and they're so interesting and the stats change every day. For example, you can do some things with fantasy sports with nfts that you could never do before.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's actually the panel that I'll be talking about. So I'm super into that too. That's actually, believe it or not, that's kind of how this podcast started. We, I came from the sports collectibles and memorabilia side before I got really, really into nfts. And this podcast actually started on a sports trading card network.
Speaker C: And so that's great because it feels like you've, you've gone full circle now. You started off with something really legit and you just went all the way downhill to sidekick.
Speaker A: That's absolutely true. So. But no, we've, we've got. Yeah, so it's super interesting topics here and I think anybody that has some time to check this out definitely should. You can go and register now to get your access. I think all you need chambers, your email, first and last name and you'll get registered. We are going to be giving away right now five of these vip tickets. So we have the nice honor to be giving away some of these vip passes here. So we ready to do that chamber you got us?
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm just hitting the wrong button for 1 second. We have it all set up, man.
Speaker A: I'm just looking at some of these other ones. Right. So like, you know, the intersection of NFTs in Hollywood is obviously one that I think is going to be really interesting. Social and climate impact of nfTs. You know, virtual real estate is one of those ones that I think you and I have been interested in with things like the sandbox game and Decentraland obviously what I'm, I'm actually interested in the, the music industry one because I think that's one that we really seem.
Speaker B: I agree. That's what I'm most excited for, to be honest, is, is seeing how that, you know, how the music industry weaves its way into nfts.
Speaker A: Yeah, because I don't think we've seen like a really next level music project. Like, we've seen some of these other ones. So I think that's pretty cool. You know, there, there's really a lot of cool stuff in here. And here we go. You can't win.
Speaker B: All right. I put in some extras. Don't worry. So we got orest day nero, we got fixed. We'll replace myself with JGB four. So we got, we got a good, good selection here. So they all. If you're watching currently, you can dm me on Twitter, but I'll reach out to you if I don't hear back from you in the next hour or so. And then all we need is just first, last name and email address you'd like to use to register with. And then we'll get those passed along.
Speaker A: Chamber will be registering as Lord Stonecock.
Speaker B: And.
Speaker A: That'Ll be his register name, but. Awesome. This has been, this has been a lot of fun. Paul, thank you so much for coming on and joking around with us a little bit, showing us about this project, talking NFTs and super excited to see where your project leads.
Speaker C: Yeah, thanks for having me on, guys. This has been a ton of fun. And I just know that once sidekick starts coming out, people are going to be very excited to see just the amount of content that's there. And I think that's something that we're really trying to do with NFT genius. Put out content that's got a lot of substance behind it so that we can really build the story side of this. Because if you supplement the collectability with genuine story kind of content, that's when I think these, these, this medium will just change and have a little bit more legs, you know?
Speaker A: Yeah. And I think, you know, something that we've seen right now is the art, plus the community. And if you get the community, they kind of help with that story. But if you're giving them and supplementing some of that content with something they can get really passionate and get behind, then you have a home run. Like, you think of something like bored apes, right? And the reason that is so huge is, one, the art resonates with them, and two, the art resonated so much with them that they've created their own stories behind these apes. Right? So, like, I think I could see something very similar happening with that. Plus all of the content you're going to be creating for the project and you're really going to be giving it a life, these projects, a life of its own. And I think that's really cool.
Speaker C: Yeah. First person to write a confuso fan fiction wins. Confusing. Mint number one, I said it here, right now, you just have to remind me later.
Speaker B: That's terrific.
Speaker A: It'll all just be written in like, dyslexic, like, mixed letters, and you won't be able to really write it.
Speaker C: Send it to me in binary. Only submission. Fun.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. I'll have that done in like 25 minutes. Don't worry. Awesome, Paul, thank you so much. That was a lot of fun. And until next time, everybody stay mint.
