Speaker A: Hello, and welcome to episode four of the Mint Condition. I am Joe, alongside our esteemed colleagues and co hosts, chad and Des. How you guys doing today? We're ready to have some fun here. We. So let's start here with the last couple shows. We've been talking exclusively NBA Top shot because this show is meant to give you a all that's going on in the sports, NFT, and collectible world. And in the last two weeks, I have become obsessed with the project that we're going to be talking about today. And so we wanted to go a little off the beaten track and talk about a new project here that is catching fire and that is Zed run. So today we have Trav from Zedrun, who is the head of marketing, and Chris, who is the creative director and co founder of Zed. Chris, how you doing?
Speaker B: Good, buddy. How are you? Thanks for having us.
Speaker A: Thank you so much for joining us. Trav, how you doing, man?
Speaker C: Even better, man. Thanks so much for having us.
Speaker A: Absolutely. So let's start here.
Speaker B: So, hey, wait, you're better than. You haven't.
Speaker C: I was gonna say it's always a competition. That's it.
Speaker A: Oh, he.
Speaker C: Better than that.
Speaker B: Always a competition with him.
Speaker A: That's funny. So we have, you know, so we've been talking about the NFT space and how that relates to sports, and I found you guys. I had actually heard about it maybe a month ago, and I hadn't dug quite in. And then a couple weeks ago, you had the horse drop herd around the world, I think. And that's when everything kind of really exploded for you guys. So Zed is nothing. Technically, it's not a new product. It's been around for quite some time, but now it's about. It's kind of hitting that tipping point in mainstream. So, Chris, why don't you kind of walk us through what Zed is, how it started and kind of when it started.
Speaker B: All right. All right. I'll do my best. So Zed's been around for almost two years, I'd say. And Chris and Rob, my co founders, they reached out to me just around two years ago when they had this idea. I'd worked with Chris and Rob in the past on some game Kickstarter games concepts. So my background is film visual effects. And I've known these guys for a good, what, seven years now? But they reached out to me good two years ago, and they had this idea. And I remember sitting on the call and they were talking about, you know, we want these digital horses. People want to. We want to democratize horse ownership. We want to be able to give everybody the opportunity to own race horses, breed them, race, and have that feeling about what it's like when. When you own a beautiful stud. Right? And in Australia, it's a big thing. Right. Horse racing, it's huge. You see it everywhere you go. So I'm based in Australia. So is Chris and Rob Trav. That's why he's a bit different than the rest of us. He's in South Africa, so don't mind that. Sorry.
Speaker C: Way to modulate.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: Anyway, yeah, I do idolize it. And so when. When they came with this idea, it was like, okay, this is amazing. And there was something in it, right? There's something in it. And in short, what Zed is, it's a digital horse racing ecosystem where you can buy, breed own zed racehorses, right. And it's set in a parallel universe to ours. So we've created a. We're in the midst of creating lore and story, but there's always been the story that it's. It's using quantum physics. It's in a parallel universe to ours on a separate earth, just like ours, but set in 21 50. So it's future, it's cyberpunk, it's Sci-Fi. And this future, this is where digital horse racing raise supreme. Right. So this Z horse rigging has come up, and it's given everybody an equal opportunity to own horses and to amass wealth within the system. And what we're trying to do with that lore is, of course, tie it to what we're doing today, which we're seeing is actually happening. We're enabling people to go in, or our users to go in, buy horses, and sell them after holding them for a bit, you know, so there's different kind of users breed more horses, sell to create a stable, and make money that way. And, of course, the master racing, which is the core of our product, is horse racing. And we're seeing people do this. You know, we've got stable owners out there with, like, 200. 200 plus horses, and they are licking their lips these days because of what you mentioned, this massive drop that we had. We've had, like, three in a row, Trav, or two.
Speaker C: Yep. This is our third now.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah, and we've got one. Yeah, and we've got one more coming, which I'm gonna let Trav decide whether he can announce or nothing.
Speaker A: I think. I think the cat's out of the bag as of a couple of weeks later.
Speaker B: Excellent. See, I just woke up.
Speaker A: So it was perfect, honestly, perfect timing. So we'll get into that in a little bit. I do really like the way you described it as an ecosystem because I think it is more than just a game. I think what you're starting to see in the short time that I've been involved in the last couple of weeks, really diving into the discord, is it is an ecosystem. There's, and I can see it already happening. There's breeders, there's going, there's racers, there's buyers and sellers. There's people that are going to be training horses for other people. It's. It's pretty wild.
Speaker B: Yeah. There's the middleman as well. And there's going to, you know, who's helping people get the deals, like the escrow, which is really awesome, too. I mean, we got to be careful of that as well. Make sure people do their due diligence, you know, because when, when there's money in it, when there's, when there's wealth around it, there's going to be hustlers coming into.
Speaker A: Right. Yeah.
Speaker B: So I'm just going to put that out to my Zed community as well. Just be diligent.
Speaker D: One, the other day I found one.
Speaker A: And I called it. I do. I called it. Right?
Speaker B: Yeah, but look, that's, that happened when we were trading basketball cards as kids.
Speaker A: Oh, sure. And it happens all the time. Anytime you do an off market like that and.
Speaker B: Exactly. And at the end of the day, you just got to watch out. But what zed in and just to come back to what it is, it is an ecosystem. And the reason why it's empowered by the blockchain, it's empowered by NFTs, the whole concept of true ownership. This is where I'm really excited. I'm really on the creative side about the story and the technology that we want to put into it and look and the design and all that. And going into what I call the metaverse, this is, we're creating this digital horse racing ecosystem, which is, it's first of its kind in the metaverse. Right. That's our, that's our contribution for now. But where I want to take it and where we want to take it is enabling people through advanced technology, you know, virtual reality. So, again, going back to the lore, you can step into the Z universe like that. You can travel to that metaverse, you can travel to that alternate universe, you know, planet Novus or whatever we're going to call it, where horsewear, horse racing reigns supreme. By putting on your VR headset right. And we have an AR app now as well. We can bring the horses out and you can actually place them in your surroundings. So you can go and download that now. If you have a horse and you can actually link it to your account, and you can bring a horse into your. Walk it down the beach if you live by beach.
Speaker A: My wife is going to be so mad that when my horse comes to dinner.
Speaker B: Can you just make room for my horse over there?
Speaker A: Excuse me.
Speaker C: Go on a date and just take a selfie with you and the horse.
Speaker A: That's awesome.
Speaker B: Just horsing around.
Speaker A: Yeah. The metaverse. The metaverse piece is very interesting. Des. We were talking about, you know, we've seen partnership with Atari and how that might look in the metaverse. What are your thoughts on the potential of, you know, these types of games in the metaverse? Des?
Speaker E: Yeah, so I always preach utility, and, you know, this is utility to the fullest. Right. We get really excited about NBA top shot from the collectible side here. But I think what the Zed run team is doing is just taking that a few steps further as far as utility. You know, it's not just racing. It's not just collecting and then racing. It's breeding. It's this whole metaverse. And I think that's really unique, and I truly think that's the future of where nfts are going. And as we've seen, even in the top shot space, as you add utility, it brings more people in. It gets more people excited. There's actually a use to these things. So, I've been a horse racing fan my entire life. I've been handicapping horses since I was seven. I have two of the best tracks in the. In the US, right by my doorstep. So I'm so excited for this.
Speaker A: That's awesome. So let's talk a little bit about what, you know, the supply of these horses and what it kind of looks like in what's available in the game now and how all of that kind of works. So, Trav, could you walk us through, you know, what the types of horses are and that people can buy and what that might mean to how they can utilize them in the game, what advantages and disadvantages they have? Because I think that's kind of where you need to start. If you're going to look to purchase one of these sources, you really need to understand what it is you're looking at. Right.
Speaker C: Yeah, exactly. So I think the first place to start is that we have a group of resources called Genesis Resources. So those are resources that we have created, they've never been bred. They are like the OG resources. So there's only ever going to be 38,000 of those resources. And I think we've already had about 8000 of those go out of the door. Probably even more IB's more. I'm not too sure. Yeah, probably quite a bit more. So that's the first thing, is that with the genesis, you have this inherent scarcity, because there's a limited number that's not going to change, then you can obviously start breeding and things like that. But amongst those resources, genesis is limited to z one, to z ten. So that's something that we call the genotype. So, honestly, it's a really easy way to understand how rare that racehorse is. So z one being the most rare, zen ten being less rare. And then as you breed, your genotype grows. So if you breed a z ten and a z ten, you're going to get a z 20 and so on and so forth. And that's what's really cool, is that our users are going to start populating our ecosystem in the long run. So what's going to happen is that.
Speaker B: Sorry.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: Oh, no, no, no. Sorry.
Speaker C: So what's really cool about it is that, like, yeah, we've got 38,000 genesis resources going on, but because, you know, we're introducing, like, that real world mechanic of breeding, it's the longer it goes, almost the more scarcity is going to kind of be introduced to the genesis, in my. In my opinion, because I speak to a lot of users who are like, hey, I got this genesis really low mint number, and. Which is something that we've never even looked at. We just look at, like, genotypes. So when you start breaking genotypes down even further, then we have blood, like, bloodlines, essentially. So those bloodlines are really cool. And that kind of ties into the lore that ebbs is working on. But it's also just a really cool way of how you then group the genotype. So we have Nakamoto, which is z one and z two. Ebbs. You need to help me out because I don't know if I ever pronounce this correctly. The sabo.
Speaker B: Zabo. Yeah.
Speaker A: Zabo. Yep.
Speaker C: Zabo. Okay, thanks, everyone, for telling me I'm wrong. I appreciate that. Which is the set, which is z three and four. Then you get the phini and then you get buterin. And what's then really interesting is that so you have the rarity built into this. That kind of determines the value of the resources so z one is more expensive down to the z ten. Then you have attributes that get built into the resources. Because, again, we want the resources kind of like, we want to have true utility represented in a provably fair way. So each of these resources gets attributes and strengths and genetics baked into them when they are created. Right. But what's really, really cool about the way that we do it is that, yes, a z one is going to have a higher chance at being a successful resource. But what you see is now, for example, like, z ten buterins are absolute monsters on the racetrack. Like, absolute monsters. Like, I'm talking about going into a race with eleven other z one Nakamoto's and just blowing away the field. So one of the users described it really well. It's almost like as you go higher in the genotype, it is like almost like a bit more lottery ticket. So you are kind of like playing with a bit more risk. Like a z one nakamoto. Always going to be pretty solid. Like, pretty big strengths, but never count out the higher genotypes, which I love as well. Like, I mean, I don't hold any z one s, for example, because, you know, the drops have just been so fast, I haven't been able to get. I mean, like, note Chris Robb and everyone else that works at Zed. I would like a z one.
Speaker B: You can't afford it, Trev.
Speaker A: Yeah, at this point, I can't afford a Zed one.
Speaker C: I want it for free. And this is recorded. You know what, man? Like, I can still run a race with my z ten buter. I'm still winning races, man. Not many, granted, but it's not the horse's fault.
Speaker A: To your point, there is some monster z ten s out there. The one I. The one z ten s. Sorry.
Speaker D: The American swine.
Speaker A: Sorry. The one that I literally almost was able to buy it on the drop the other night. I missed out. It's that the one that was zombie boy. He was a monster already. So. But, yeah. So then. So when you have those, you know, the genotypes, the Zed one through Zed ten, and then you have the bloodlines, that's kind of what is going to make an impact going forward as you breed these down the line, like. So when all the genesis horses are purchased, right. And people now, you know, the only way to get a Genesis horse is to buy one off either an existing user or you have to buy a bred horse. Right. So when you get these horses in the breeding aspect, how does the breeding or the bloodline effect, potentially the breeding. And how does the breeding piece work? Maybe, Chris, you want to walk us through that a little?
Speaker B: I would if I knew. The thing is, with the breeding, what we're seeing, which is really, really cool, well, is the community is actually, they're going away and they're writing up all these articles and research papers basically on how they think the breeding works. There's some amazing support from some guys like Poseidon racing and a guy run Z Gazette, and they've put together all these. Yeah, they're amazing. And they put all these graphs together on speculation. Right. And we want people to speculate as well. And to Trav's point, with the racing as well. We don't tell you this horse is good at a 1200 meters race. You got to figure that out, right. So you got to go in and you got to figure out what your z ten is beasting at, for example, or what your z four is really good at. And that's part of that, you know, discovery experience, ownership experience. You don't know when the baby comes out what it's going to do. So you gotta, you got to walk it through its steps and take notes. And these guys, they make graphs and they've got spreadsheets and racing.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah, man. It's.
Speaker B: They crazy, man. And I love it big time. So to answer your question, I mean, how does the breeding work? Like, there's some theories out there that they think it skips generation, you know, billions that just was sold for, yeah, $125,000 from its original owner, which is ridiculous. Like awesome, but crazy. You know, I still can't believe it. Like, that's a Rolls Royce, man.
Speaker D: That's a real horse.
Speaker B: That's a couple of real horses right there. Right. But there was some theories going around about how people had bred him in the past and how it skipped a couple of generations. And there was this beast horse and master brede horse and. And, you know, it performed on the track well, but. But to take you through it in detail, that I wouldn't be. I'm not equipped to do that. Sorry.
Speaker C: The breeding is crazy deep, man. Like, because the breeding, like, it gets as deep as, like, you know, we have, and I might even be wrong here, but it's like you have Genesis, then you have legendary, exclusive elite.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Cross and pacer.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker C: And those bloodlines actually kind of like, kind of perform as if, you know, it's like if you have two, like, sorry, eggs. Yeah.
Speaker B: They're the breed type. Sorry, breed types. So they're six breeds.
Speaker C: It's super deep into it. So it, and I think that the whole thing there was is that when the guys kind of created the breeding models, because I wasn't around yet with the reading models were created, but it was like they kind of wanted to make it deep enough so that there were these kind of, like, questions around it where it's like, how does this kind of work? Like, where's the bloodline going to end up? Because I think the fun thing about real world, like, equestrian and horse racing, when you do breed, it is almost like you're kind of gambling. Like, I don't know a ton about it, but it's like, it's not as simple as going, okay, cool, this is going to happen, and this is going to happen. You're breeding, you're learning, and it's just like the racing. Like, I'm sure devs would be able to answer it better than.
Speaker E: Yeah, I mean, no, it's. That's what something I love about Zed is, you know, the parallels between real horse racing and the digital horse racing. There's a ton and that whole randomization of breeding, but, you know, giving yourself a better chance by pairing a good siren mare, you know, that's in real life, but there's always the chance that it's a flop and that's how it works.
Speaker A: So, yeah, you have, you know, you have Ken Griffey Junior, Ken Griffey senior, and then you got, like, things that come out that look like me, and you're just like, how the hell does that even happen?
Speaker B: So, you know, they can't host the podcast, dude.
Speaker A: You know, that might be true. That might be true, but, yeah, des, I know you had some questions in here for us in the show. Doc, do you want to get into any of that stuff?
Speaker E: There's a good question related to kind of what we're talking about, the parallels between, you know, physical horse racing and digital. The one biggest gap that I see, and I just curious if either of you kind of know the genesis of this, but the horses don't tire out. I think that's the biggest difference between real horse racing and digital. Horse racing or physical and digital is that, you know, over time, you can't run a seven year old, you can't run an eight year old. Is that something you guys have thought about, something you're willing to change? What's kind of the thought there?
Speaker B: It's definitely something we've talked about, and it's. But also, remember, we are digital resources, so there's a balance to be struck where it's like, well, if these guys are digital and they're spawned from digital atoms and they're the future, like cyberpunky horses, they're not going to be as tired as real world horses, but we need to draw a familiarity across, for sure, because that's key to any kind of experience. So it's definitely in discussions, and it has been from discussions from the get go. And it's. It's something we are looking at to bring it, bring on board. And how it looks, I can't tell you just yet, but it's something we've been hearing a lot from the community. It's something that, as a gamer myself, you know, I know we need. And the guys are also well aware of that, too. It's just a matter of time. Like, it's just getting it. It's getting it exactly. Getting it. That balance, like, 100% right. You're absolutely correct, trav. So there's a lot on the cards on our roadmap where we love to take this, and that is one of them.
Speaker E: So, yeah.
Speaker B: Happy you brought it up.
Speaker E: No. Yeah. And then, you know, let's talk about the big news, because Kat is out of bag. It was just on Twitter right before I messaged Joe and Chad, you know, oh, my God. They're doing a mega drop. It's 2000 genesis horses on this Friday, April 2. What I found very interesting is the mix between the bloodlines. You got even mix across Nagamoto, Zoevo, Finney and Buterin. That's gonna be interesting to play out since you have 10,000 new users. We'll see if they go deep into their pockets to kind of pay up, because I'm assuming these z ten s are going to fly off the shelves and everyone's going to kind of be wondering, all right, do I pay up for Finney? Do I pay up for his weibo? So it's going to be interesting.
Speaker A: So that the. The dispersion of this is, uh, like. So, uh, Chad, I think you have the graphic that I sent you about, uh, what's already been released. Was that that, yeah, the one that looks like the. If we want to bring this up. So this is what was floating around the discord as what has already been released. Right. So what we have is. And this could be, you know, close, but no cigar, but we have essentially, you know, around those 500 z one, z two, z three, and z four left to be distributed. And all of those should be coming out on this drop then. Is that correct? I.
Speaker C: No. So it's. It's still a good portion. So it's going to be 500 Nakamoto. So the Nakamoto's are a mix of the z one and the z two.
Speaker A: Okay. So that'll be z one and two. Got it. Okay.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's all pretty intense.
Speaker A: That's still going to be a pretty good portion of what's left for the supply of those, which is really interesting. And Chad, do you want to bring up that release schedule? We could talk about that real quick as well. So, Trav, this sounds like it was your brainchild. Want to talk about what we're looking at here?
Speaker B: Own it. Own it.
Speaker C: Travis, this is way too complicated for me to think of, but if we can cut me. If we can cut that part. Yes. This was my idea. So the big thing that, the big discussion that came from the last drop. So the big problem we had in the last drop is that we just sold out too quickly. And that kind of like, resulted in, obviously, people getting pretty upset. And we kind of had a long, hard look at what the community was saying and we kind of stepped away and we said, okay, we don't want to be a project where we get feedback and then we kind of like, whatever, we're going to keep doing it. Like, we want to take feedback and we want to adjust and we want to keep the community as happy as possible. So two things that really popped out is that there wasn't enough resources. So as much as we want to keep supply under control, we also want people to be able to race and breed. So if we have to make a bit of a sacrifice there, then we're willing to do it. And number two, because we have such a widespread audience, like in, like we were talking about this before, the podcast, like in crypto, it's. So the demographics are so widespread, so we literally have an audience in each time zone across the world. Right. So the way that we kind of broke it up is to say, okay, we're going to separate the bloodlines so we can have a bit less demand on each wave, which I think we might be wrong, because that doesn't seem to. It seems like there's going to be even more demand, but we tried, but at least we're going to be filling in different blocks in different ways. So users are going to be able to actually come online at maybe a more convenient time for themselves as opposed to. Because, you know, we had a lot of people waiting up and like one or two in the morning and that's not really? The experience we want.
Speaker E: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker A: Yeah. So that's awesome. So we have so most of our audience here, it would be based in the US. So we're looking at, you know, 02:00 p.m. time zones on the west coast. 05:00 p.m. on the east coast. But, yeah, there's some really awesome options to be able to. To get online and make your purchases where you're not up till 03:00 a.m. my wife was so upset at me for being up. We have a newborn, and I was up till 03:00 a.m. buying horses. Yeah.
Speaker B: Keeping you awake. The newborn is.
Speaker A: Well. Yeah. Well, that's what I told her. And then, needless to say, the Holiday Inn has really nice COVID protocols.
Speaker C: Zed run causing marital problems.
Speaker A: Well, it was really weird when I brought the Ar horse into bed after.
Speaker B: Just wait for the VR. One man that have been well received at my house. But on trav's point there with the drop, why we split it up as well. Is it rain? Is to the whole point of decentralizing as well, giving everybody a fair go. So we changed the time zone. So it's a good time. You don't have to get up at three. We want it to be accessible for everybody because the whole point of, again, back to our lore story, is we want to make it accessible for everybody. So give everybody an even go. A fair go is what you say in Australia, you know, fair chance. So by breaking it up and saying, hey, z one s and z two s are going off here, or Zed ones are Zed two. Sorry, I have that american twang, too. My kids give me shit for it all the time. Then people who are users, who want to target that specifically can go online at that time. You know what I mean? We can also talk about, like, our drop went. It went well last time, but it didn't go as smooth as we wanted it to be. You know, there were technical hiccups, there was stress on the network that we didn't foresee. So splitting it up as well is going to help us cater to that. But we've also, again, Jeff and the dev team have done an amazing job. I mean, these last two weeks have just been, you know, 24 hours on just boosting up our infrastructure. So we're ready and excited.
Speaker A: That's awesome. I can't wait. So that is. That is this Friday, April 2 then, correct? Is that what we saw?
Speaker B: That's correct.
Speaker A: I gotta. I gotta make sure I get my Ethereum wallet loaded up, last drop. So I was sitting there on the last drop, and it was my first real day as a zetter. And I had my ethereum all loaded up. I intended on buying, like, ten horses and I ended up with one. And I'm like, dang. So I gotta. We're gonna. I'm gonna make sure I'm good and ready this time. Chad, you gonna be lined up for some horses or what?
Speaker D: I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go.
Speaker C: I mean, look at that. How can you ask that?
Speaker A: What questions? What questions do you got for the team?
Speaker D: I've been writing down some things that have come up during the conversation. The first one that really stuck out to me when Chris was speaking, talking about the alternate universe, talking about, you know, this is. This is completely different from where we're living currently in this universe. Does the movie Shazam starring Sidbad exist?
Speaker B: No, but Shaq fu does.
Speaker A: Damn it.
Speaker D: All right. I'll end up finding this correct universe.
Speaker B: Next best thing. Right?
Speaker D: Next best thing. The second question I had, being an australian project, was there any pushback from the community about not adding Craig Wright's name to the list of horses you could purchase? You got the Nakamoto, you got the buterin. Why not Craig Wright? I think a nice Craig Wright. Maybe a z 50.
Speaker B: Well, that was exactly. I think his name was thrown around quite a bit until it was thrown into, you know, into the trash.
Speaker D: If you guys have, like, maybe like maybe some. Some sort of horse that comes out. Maybe not. Maybe the runt of the litter or, like three legs or something, maybe that could be. Maybe that could be a right.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. We joke about the glue factory where you take your zed horses out the back and you shoot them in a VR experience. But again, again, we joke about that.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: No digital horses get. Gets harmed.
Speaker B: No horses harmed. Right. That's one of the beauties as well.
Speaker A: You should throw that on the ticker, Chad. On the bottom.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Awesome. So, Chad, we want to watch a race.
Speaker D: I do want to watch race.
Speaker A: All right. I want to hear Chris talk about. Talk about the design here because it's pretty awesome.
Speaker C: So I want to give a shout out to ibs on that. The design is beautiful.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's really cool.
Speaker B: I'm going to pass that shout out onto my creative team as well. Pav and Jerry and all the guys that help. Help it happen.
Speaker A: So it's really cool. And what is, you know, when you think about, like, all the. All the awesome things that are attractive about this game, you know, the buying and ownership of the horses, the breeding aspect at the heart of it, the fun is really, really racing these horses. Right. And when you get into these races and you see what the actual races look like, how cool the horses look, all of that kind of stuff, it's pretty. I was kind of hooked on that. So, Chad, if you go to the. Like, if you go to the next. Under the racing tab, next run. Oh, that's okay. So we got it one going off in five minutes, so we can keep chatting. Click on that, Chad. All right. And then you'll be able to see in three D, and it'll take you to another tab. And when it goes off.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: See, this is what I find really cool about how it's working now. It's like we. You've got a z ten buterin and a z four. Nakamoto. Look at that win rate on that. Z ten buterin.
Speaker A: Man.
Speaker C: 102. That's not bad.
Speaker B: My word.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Never won a race. I've never won a race on Z.
Speaker A: Never. Chad, you. I mean. Sorry, Trav. You've never run a race? Won a race?
Speaker C: No, bro. I think it's biased towards South Africans, man.
Speaker A: What kind of algorithm?
Speaker B: Yeah, I'll neither confirm or deny that one.
Speaker A: You've pre programmed tradition or travel.
Speaker C: I've been asking everyone to help me, and no one's been able to fix it.
Speaker A: So, while we wait here to see this, let's talk about the racing mechanics and how the winning, how the races are kind of decided. Trav, you mentioned provably fair before, and I think that's a really good point to touch on, is how are these races determined? Because there's odds. Each race has odds. So, depending on your horses underlying skill, what their bloodline is, and then compared to who else is in the race, you get odds for each race, and then that race goes off. So talk about kind of how that is all determined.
Speaker C: So to not go too deep. So if I'm not incorrect, it's like, the way that it was kind of decided really, really early on is the guys actually consulted with a racing expert, basically on kind of like. Yeah, from, like, a statistical point of view. So, like, how were these things generally, like, determined? How were odds created, etcetera? And then the basics of it is that you run these. We run, like, you know, a few hundred scenarios based on the attributes and odds and what kind of determines the strengths of the resources. And then we almost just randomize a pick those few hundred scenarios. And so that's why it's you know, you have this really provably fair system where you always have a chance because you always going to have your odds thrown into the pot. And that's kind of like a high level look into it.
Speaker A: That's interesting. So, essentially, if I can answer that, it's not. Sorry, no, go ahead.
Speaker C: Sorry.
Speaker B: I got a little delay. No, it's. It's a. It's a couple of thousand simulated races that we run before. Yeah. And then random. And then randomly pick one and it's all, you know, so it's. And it's picked right before the race starts, so nobody knows what the outcome is going to be until that race is finished. So it's. Yeah, in that sense, it's. It's provably fair and. And it's the codes all out there, I think, in some ways, I'm not sure.
Speaker C: Everything lives on chain, so that's really awesome. Is that. It's always there.
Speaker B: Yeah. So transparency is. Transparency is key. But we did. We did consult in a big, big time mathematician and track expert and racing expert out of Hong Kong. I can't say any more than that, but, yeah. And, yeah, it's pretty big over there. And, yeah, the guys have done an amazing job. I mean, it's been through a couple of. Couple of, you know, cycles and we're really happy where it's at at the moment.
Speaker A: That's cool. So, essentially then, what we're seeing on the screen when we're watching a race is essentially one of the iterations picked at random that ends up winning. Is that correct?
Speaker B: Yeah, one of the random picked out of the thousand simulations. And what it does is it takes all those attributes into account and, you know, like, again, the Zed ten has a probability that is less than a Z one. However, there's still a chance. And that's what we're seeing. You know, it's that little. And we love that, you know, the underdog story in racing and in sports. And that is a chance. Yes, absolutely.
Speaker A: So now there is. So. And then when we're talking about the racing algorithm currently, from what I've heard, is that the only thing that potentially matters at the moment when it. When you know, for your horse is the distance, is that correct? And if not, or if so, are there plans to add other kind of variables into the racing. Racing algorithm in the future? Weather, things like that?
Speaker B: Yes. Yeah, you're right. Fatigue, like bringing fatigue back in. Fatigue, weather conditions, track conditions, altitude, all that stuff is on the cards for sure. I mean, we. We need to gamify it even more like. Our key is to make it a game of skill and for you to bringing all these different kind of attributes in. Is it frozen?
Speaker E: So this is.
Speaker B: Did I just lose me?
Speaker A: We actually got the race running right now, which is probably.
Speaker B: I can see that.
Speaker A: I can see that. Anyway, same time I actually did. I'll talk about this in a second. But I threw in a little zest bet on horse number four here.
Speaker C: Wonderful banker.
Speaker A: No, no, that. I've got lyrides, I've got Lyrado. And he was nine to one odds before the race. Not the favorite. He's kind of right in the middle of the pack. The worst horse in the race had 40 to one odds. That is pull the plug. 42 to one odds. And so you can see kind of how this, if you're watching the video version of this now we got some horses that pull away. What you're going to see now, each of these races have, or there's different racing options with different distances. Goes from 1000 meters all the way up to 2600, if I remember correctly. So you can essentially race your horses at all these distances and find out potentially what your preferred distance for that.
Speaker D: Specific person preaching Satan's Bay. Satan's Bay is coming forward.
Speaker C: Let's talk about that name.
Speaker B: Let's talk about that name. Let's not. Oh, here he comes up the line. He comes up the side. Look at this.
Speaker A: All right, so I lost my zed. My guy came in 8th. That's pretty brutal. So you can actually go to, it's called picks or it's called play. And you can actually bet the your play money zest tokens. Now, there's rumors that they might be used for something in game at some point. Is that it? Is there any trick to that?
Speaker B: We can either confirm that or not deny it. Yeah, look. Exactly. I've watched enough american. No, look. So zest is our prediction platform. We like to use the word prediction, not bet. And yeah, there's some big plans in the future. I mean, there is. There's been a white paper out there about Des. Your name actually zed spelled backwards.
Speaker C: That was super confusing at first, by the way.
Speaker B: Yeah. I don't know if you guys have looked into that or heard rumors about or read about what Des is.
Speaker A: Yeah. Can we talk about that really quickly as well, Travis? Yeah, I've, who's.
Speaker B: I'm gonna let you have a little. Have a little.
Speaker C: You teared up, bro. And then you hand it over to me. Dez is coming. So I don't know if you guys ever looked at the first vision paper, but we released a vision doc a while ago to the community and we used it as a really good kind of like feedback gathering tool, if that makes sense. So we kind of knew that that wasn't going to be the final product, but the kind of focus was getting it out there and, and seeing what players and community members kind of thought. I like the banner at the bottom.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: And because, you know, like the focus of Des, the token, not Dez. Yeah. Is obviously the community and the, you need to make desert space is going.
Speaker B: To be the token.
Speaker E: That's right.
Speaker C: That we can confirm.
Speaker E: I love it.
Speaker C: As is going to be very user and player focused and it's going to be very ecosystem focused. So we really want to build DEs into, you know, we talk about ecosystem a lot. Like we spend a long time trying to build the ecosystem from a foundational point of view to really try and make it like a really wholesome ecosystem that people can live in and they can like play in and they really enjoy it. And Des is going to just bold upon that. So without like confirming or denying, there's definitely going to be mechanics that play really directly into the game and directly into the people that play the game and love the game.
Speaker A: Awesome.
Speaker B: And just from a gamer's point of view, if I can jump in, it's like when you play fortnight or if you play Call of Duty or any of these games and you earn these virtual currencies, right? And then you don't own them. And when you buy a skin, you don't own this skin. So again, what NFTs and what tokenization and these tokens can help us do is time put in is gonna earn you actually stuff or coins or, you know, skins that you own and you can monetize, that you can actually create. So play more, earn more in a sense, you know what I mean? And we see this as a huge shift. And I know big gaming studios are looking at it. I've seen Activision popping in on some of our, on our talks and stuff like that. And other game studios, they must, they have to be looking at how do we give true ownership via nfTs, via crypto, via blockchain to our users? Because it's coming and it's just a matter of time that the big, big fish, they adopt this, in my opinion.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's fascinating because that's, I think what is, I just think about all the games that I've played growing up, whether it's madden or anything, where I spent all this time and potentially even money building these teams and the game resets every year and you're left with nothing. Right.
Speaker B: And you do it again.
Speaker A: Yes, and I do it every, I was doing it for years and years and years, and then I, so I think that's why I get so excited and obsessed with games like this where it's like there is a whole ecosystem around it with ownership, with a monetary, like a real money marketplace around it. And so, you know, there is end game to the game you're playing. Right. Like there is, you know, value to it, which I think is so, you know, maybe my mom won't kick me out of the basement for eating cheetos and raising horses all day because I'm earning some money.
Speaker C: Exactly. Let me tell my mom that quickly.
Speaker B: Hold on.
Speaker A: But, yeah, no, I think that's really fascinating and especially just the real ownership piece. So what this says to me, all this conversation is where the platform is right now is still very, very early. We have, it sounds like we haven't seen really anything yet, and which is even more exciting to me. What are you, what do you think about that, Chris? You think we're in the first inning? We in the, we haven't even started the game yet or what?
Speaker B: Yeah, we're warming up. We're in like, it's tip of the iceberg, and it is tip of the iceberg in the NFT space period. I mean, there's been some amazing, there are some amazing projects out there. I mean, what NBA top shots did blow my mind. I'm a big basketball fan. I collected basketball cards. It's the natural progression when technologies come into play, right. And for us, it's the same like we, the roadmap I have on the creative side, you know, my hands have been tied, and I just can't wait to unleash that. What we have in store, which I kind of alluded to in terms of the metaverse and in terms of the gamification attributes that we want to add to it, you know, so just to bring you back to what you saw in the 3d race there, I just want to highlight that that's all created in WebGL. It's created with three js, which is also extremely, like, we've pushed the limits in that area, too. Like at virtually be human. One of the things that we want to do is push the limits and boundaries in technology. That's something we've always been. So we're doing it with the blockchain. We're doing with NFTs, we've got plans for bigger, bigger plans in that space. Same with the crate, the visuals that we're doing. So why we did that is we don't want people to download an app, download a game, or have to do anything. You can jump on your phone, you can jump on your smart device or your laptop and you can access the game, you can access the visuals and, you know, you can click and interact. You can control the camera, you can click on the horses and their stats come up while it's racing. Like all that stuff is, it's all interactive, which is pretty, pretty damn.
Speaker A: That's how I track my horse on the track. I click on it so it highlights it for me.
Speaker B: And so, and so things like you want to be able to look at your opponents too, and click on them. And what we want to add there is, you know, black booking, which I'm sure Des is familiar with in horse racing, where you can actually black book a horse. So you keep a track on him, you star him. So now you can follow this opponent. Maybe it's a horse you want to buy in the future or breed in the future within future. So we want to enable that utility so the user has the most power. And we've got all sorts of things coming, man, like stable management tools with advanced stats and data. So when you go in, you're going to have this beautiful UI where it just tells you what your horse is good at and not good at and visualized, you know, data, which is, you know, I love that stuff.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's awesome.
Speaker B: And, you know, the next iteration as well is fidelity, man. Like, so we're doing this in Webgl, but, you know, a dream of mine, I'm just going to share that is to bring that triple a graphics, you know, bring that, you know, bring that true fidelity. It's something that we chase as 3d artists. It's something that the big companies always are chasing. You know, metahumans from unreal or unity are doing it with real time rendering and all that stuff. We, we want to put our product in a space like that so those horses can be living and breathing, you know what I mean? And machine learning is something that I'm also pushing the envelope on. And if you guys know what, you know what, machine learning is short. What, what can happen is we can create these horses, we can give them life. You know, you don't visit your horse for two weeks, that horse could react differently to you. Because of the machine learning.
Speaker E: I'm hiring a stable boy yeah.
Speaker C: You.
Speaker B: Got to either jump in VR and visit this thing, or ar, bring it to your dinner table and have dinner with it, or bring it to bed. And then that will trigger the machine learning algorithms, which then will then decide how this horse is going to react. Like maybe it will fade in color, maybe it just react happily to see you stuff that can emotionally connect our users engagingly. This is the metaverse falling in love with a digital avatar, right? That's, there's something there that I really, really love, and I'm fascinated and scared by it at the same time.
Speaker A: I was made for this game. I had a lot of tamagotchis growing up, and none of them died. None of them.
Speaker C: I killed every tamagotchi I if you're.
Speaker A: Out there, the mint condition is looking for a stable boy. We to run our digital, our podcast stable.
Speaker C: We do have my cv.
Speaker A: That stuff is so fascinating. And I think that just kind of makes the point that we're just still so early in the project, which makes me excited that I found it early enough. Like, I think that we're all excited to be a part of it now because it's, it's a real opportunity to, you know, be on something really cool on the ground floor, which you don't get a lot of chances at in life, so. Very cool. Chad, do you got any other questions here?
Speaker D: Yeah, I had one actually for you guys. Joe, I know you have, how many horses do you have?
Speaker A: Actually, I now have six horses, I think. Yeah, I went from zero horses to six horses.
Speaker D: And Des, how many do you have? Do you have any yet?
Speaker E: I am still waiting. So I'm a big research guy. I was waiting to see what happens with this drop. I'll be honest, I might be going to secondary market right after this podcast because I don't know if 500 per bloodline is enough for me, so I might be hitting market real quick.
Speaker A: So speaking, speaking of the secondary market, if you do not get a horse on this coming drop on April 2, you can head over to Matic Dot opensea dot IO and you can actually purchase one of these horses that somebody else has for sale. So these are either, and you'll find, you know, you'll find a kind of a mixture of stuff on here. So some of them will be Genesis horses, some of them might be horses that have been bred. Each of them kind of own their own unique value, if you know what you're looking for. So I would say if you're going to buy on the open, on the secondary market, make sure, you do a little. A little more heavy research than if you just jump into a drop because you don't want to. You just want to know what you're getting yourself into. But the people in the discord, I got to tell you, one of the best parts is the community. It's been amazing. Everybody is so willing to kind of help you learn and point you in the right direction and be a resource. Personally, I have to give a shout out to Adam at Zed Gazette. He's been somebody that's answered a ton of my questions, and so I really appreciate his help. But so many people in the community, so check out the discord. I think that's kind of where a lot of the magic happens in the community, so. But that's how you can buy a horse on the open market if you miss out on the drop. But I hope you don't. I hope the drop is big enough.
Speaker B: Can I give a special shout out to the community as well? I mean, it's the. Again, it's one of the things that we as founders have always been aware of. Like, they make our product, and they have been just legends from the beginning. And as you said, you mentioned Adam from Z Gazette, but there are so many guys out there and girls out there supporting us and just knowledge share. Happy to talk about the product, really excited about what we do. We try to be as transparent with them as possible, and we're in there in discord. You know, I haven't. I've been in there, maybe not this week. So I need to get back in there. You know, I sometimes do, like, a weekly drop of an image I'm working on and want to share stuff with the guys and everybody else. Trav's in there. Rob, our co founder, Chris. Like, all the founders are trying to be in there when we're not elsewhere because these. These people are what makes our product, man. Like, they're amazing. So it's the best community in the world.
Speaker A: I actually did. I bought a. I bought a unraced z four. Zed four. Sorry. From Doofy as well. So shout out to doofy. But, yeah. Des, you got any questions here before we wrap up?
Speaker E: You know, we could spend hours talking about this. I think, to sum it up, you know, the. The work that the Zed team has already put in is phenomenal. I'm so excited. I was excited about top shot, but I think this has more utility, this has more long term growth potential, and now, I mean, I'm excited. So, no, I just want to say thank you to both ebbs and Trav for being on here today, letting us in a little bit into the headquarters, if you will. And we're just so excited for this next drop. What's to come? All the things you guys are working on. So I'm excited.
Speaker A: Chad, what are you buying some horses on the next drop? What do you got for parting words?
Speaker D: I'm loaded up. I just gotta figure out, do I need a, like a Zed two or a Zed one? Nakamoto? Do I? Maybe. Maybe like a top five kind of thing?
Speaker A: We'll talk about that.
Speaker D: I'm very excited. I have. I have positioned myself to make one of each.
Speaker A: He says you should be a bad idea. One of each would cost you a pretty penny at this point.
Speaker B: You know, one of the best things I saw on Twitter the other day was people talking about it and some people were worried that they were, they were coming late to the table. And the best quote I saw, I shared it with Trav and marketing guys all week was if you get in. If you get in this drop or the next drop, you're going to be in before the next 5000 people next month. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Again, it's the tip of the iceberg stuff. There's plenty of genesis horses left and this ecosystem is going to be evolving and it's going to be, you know, my dream is it's going to be this kind of standalone ecosystem where we can just sit back and watch everybody just take their roles within it. This metaverse of people, you know, horse trainers, you know, racetrack owners, you know.
Speaker A: All the chad, the stable.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. No, I think that's awesome. And like I said, I think this is the right time to get involved if you're not already involved. I don't think it's too late. Some people have felt, you know, like they were maybe too late to things like top shot. And, you know, I still think you're early enough there, too. But, like, here feels like pre, it feels like you're, you know, in top shot in October. You know what I mean? So I think you, you definitely have a really good opportunity if you get involved now and there's so many awesome people and resources to get yourself up to speed. So that's pretty cool. So, trav, before we get going, where can people, you know, find you guys? What's the best way to get in contact and, and where can, you know, where can we direct people to go?
Speaker C: I think follow us on Twitter, guys. We update there all the time, but I think the best place if you want to be in contact with the team. And the amazing community, which I think is even more valuable, is on discord. Definitely. Join the Discord channels. Yeah, get talking. They'll, I mean, our community members will guide you to how to get started, how to win your races and all of that good stuff.
Speaker A: Although the horses are drying up, nobody wants to sell any horses anymore. I think they all see what the potential is. They don't.
Speaker D: Speaking of one, one thing that we didn't, maybe we touched on, maybe I wasn't paying attention. That does happen at times. What do I need to have for the drops?
Speaker A: Is it, is it a theory?
Speaker D: Is it wrapped Ethereum? Do I need another currency that I don't know about yet? What do I need?
Speaker C: You just need ETH. So this, this drop is just going to be standard ETH. We're not going to do fiat credit card or debit card. It's not wrapped ETH just because the, you know, ETH is just proving to be the easiest way for us to kind of ensure the good customer experience on the drops. Like the last drop where we had fiat credit card and debit card, for example, it caused a lot of headaches with users, like thinking, I couldn't imagine that they had purchased and, man, it was just so. We just don't want that to happen again.
Speaker D: No, that's fair.
Speaker A: That triggered one more question for me. So the Ethereum piece, obviously at the moment, you know, obviously gas fees are high in the future, is that, is that your direction to kind of move everything to matic? I know that's kind of been the case so far. Is that, is that kind of how the direction is going to keep going?
Speaker B: No, that's a marketing question. No. Yes. Look, we do want to have a gasless experience, so we are looking for these layer two solutions, just like polygon matic, which, you know, we've got. We got gasless racing at the moment. And what it looks very soon. I know the community's been asking for breeding. We're working hard on breeding. We actually do have breeding pretty much ready. We just need to test it and hopefully we'll be getting some gasless breeding out there very, in the very, very short term.
Speaker A: That's huge.
Speaker B: Is that, can you confirm or deny that, Trev?
Speaker C: I can confirm very soon. Gasless breeding is very soon.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Very soon.
Speaker B: Excellent.
Speaker A: That's good. So, like, we're talking about the level of when. We're talking about the level of soon, you know, and the drop being like, very, very soon. How. How close to soon after that.
Speaker C: Man, you guys hurt me. Well, I would say the best way to answer that is, like, the next thing that we announce after the drop is probably going to be gases breeding.
Speaker A: That's great.
Speaker C: It's going to be just in time.
Speaker A: Awesome. Well, gents, I really appreciate you guys coming on. And, you know, this has. This is more exciting for me than probably anybody else. Like, I. You get to talk to the people who are making the thing that you're currently obsessed with. And so that's really a cool experience. So we do appreciate you guys coming on. We hope that, you know, we can share this with everybody else out there and get some more people involved in what is proving to be a really cool experience. So thank you guys for coming on. Chad, any parting words?
Speaker D: No. Thank you for coming on. You really made Joe's day. He has been talking about Zed run for, like, I don't know, at least a good three weeks. Would you say, Joe?
Speaker A: Yeah, I tried to get him to send me some ethereum to buy him a horse. He didn't even know what he was buying. He was. He was going to send me, like, ten east to buy him a z one.
Speaker D: Ready to go?
Speaker A: Yeah. Appreciate it, you guys. So everybody check them out on Twitter. Get in the discord. Get involved. The drop is April 2, time zone specific, so we'll post that on our Twitter as well. And until next time, stay mint.
