Speaker A: Hello and welcome to episode ten of the Mint Condition. I am Joe, aka Bunch. You back. And this is the only show on the Internet where you can get, watch me get fatter week by week. We are excited to, every time I come on, I get a little fatter. And you're seeing the evolution week by week. So we are excited today to have an awesome guest with us. But first, we got our other amazing co host, Chamber and Des Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: But I was about to say how svelte you looked at because I shaved off Wilson. You may not know this about me, but I'm currently unemployed and I'm trying to find a new job. And I had that Covid beard that was getting a little, maybe not job friendly. So I, after months and months of growing this thing, I'm like, I gotta shave it down. I shaved down about ten pounds of beer but found about 15 pounds of face behind it. So did not like that very much.
Speaker A: And the skinniest co host of us all, Des, how you doing, buddy?
Speaker C: I'm doing good. You know, you just watch these in reverse and you get skinnier. So for all the viewers, just watch it in reverse and you'd be all right. No, I'm doing good. I'm excited. Great guest today. We actually share something he doesn't even know. My middle name is Chandler, so always have had a connected name to that. And I appreciate that. I'll tell you what, not many people rocking the name Chandler out there, so I appreciate you what you do for it.
Speaker A: That's awesome. And of course, our guest today, Wilson Chandler, former NBA and NBA player and New York Knicks. Great. I will say I'm a big Knicks fan, so I appreciated watching Wilson over the years. Wilson, thank you for joining us today. Glad to have you. How you doing?
Speaker D: I'm good, man. Appreciate you guys for having me on the show. Big fans spoke to a couple of you guys in Twitter chats a few times. So just happy to be here. Thank you for having me.
Speaker A: For sure. So we're just going to, we're just going to chat today about what's going on in the NFT space, the Zed run space, little top shot news. We got a lot going on. But first and foremost, let's talk about your journey into kind of the crypto space. NfTs, how did you, you know, how did you go from being, you know, basketball NBA player to NFT creator?
Speaker D: I guess. I mean, for me it was easy. You know, I was in the crypto space around like 20 1718 kind of nice. Played around with it like everybody else, just being curious about it, you know, had some good times, had some tough times, lost money, made some money. So was always curious about the space and to learn more. So just, you know, engaging with different people and over time and just kind of staying in the, like, the know, all of just, you know, what's going on in this space, you know, I kind of, like, fell in love with NFTs once I understood what they were, you know, just from a, you know, it's a familiar place, you know, as a kid, you always have, you know, basketball, cars with Pokemon cards, collectibles in general, like if it's toys or if it's comics. So that was a familiar way, you know, for me to get into the space. And same thing with the NFTs that I dropped you. You know, I used to collect shoes. So, you know, naturally it was a good, you know, partnership, you know, and it was something that was simple and fun, you know, I didn't want it to be too complicated because I'm not, you know, expert in any space. So just something that I can get into that was fun, that was familiar. That was also a gateway for people who probably don't know what NFTs are, you know, but probably love shoes, you know, or, you know, the new game now is, you know, collecting shoes and selling them on a secondary market.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker D: So people just, you know, familiar with those, those spaces can kind of get into the this and kind of understand. So, like, kind of like a gateway. It's not, it's not too intimidating. It's something simple and fun, you know, and I wanted to do that. And I also wanted to have a physical utility tied to that. You know, I wanted to take those actual sales, my percentage for those sales for those shoes, to buy actual physical shoes for kids in my community and also have people come in, whether it's a, in the real time, what, not real time in the physical, or whether it's by something like this, and just talk to the kids in my community to teach them about crypto, nfts, blockchain as a whole.
Speaker A: So that's really awesome. I think you made a couple really great points there. One, the utility is fantastic, right? We've seen a lot of celebrities or well off people come in and drop nfts that don't really have an impact like that. So to hear that that's kind of what you're doing with those proceeds, that's really awesome. And that is, you know, attractive for people to get involved with and the other piece I thought was really interesting, and it's kind of what, you know, gets me about the whole NFT space and collectibles in general is the nostalgia piece. Right? Like you mentioned, you know, going back in the days where you used to collect and trade Pokemon and, you know, sneakers and things like that. I think the nostalgia piece of is what is so attractive to me about the space. It's because it's just so much fun, right? Like, you know, I got into crypto around the same time as you, 2017, and I believe we're around the same age. I think I'm actually a year older than Wilson Chandler, which is kind of weird to think about, but to me, it was like, and I've spent the last couple of years messing around, doing things like trading and, you know, things I'm not good at and don't love as much. And I think this is why I like the NFT piece so much. It's because it's fun, right? And I think you hit that right on the head chamber. Any thoughts there?
Speaker B: You said that he was younger than you, and I looked up his age, and I forget how old I am. And I've been watching for so long, I'm like, how is he? How am I five years older than Wilson Chandler? This is impossible. But I look at guys now where, you know, I'm a big la guy. Like, look at guy like Taylor Horton Tucker. It's like 20 years old. I've been watching him for, like, two years. I feel like he's, like, my age. I'm like, this guy could be my son. It's crazy. All this time, man. I'm oldest time.
Speaker A: That's really funny. So, des, you've got Wilson's NFT project on that screen behind you. So, uh, tell us what, what we're seeing on the screen there behind you today.
Speaker C: Yeah, I tried to get you guys to ape into this. I remember on the drop day, it was like 01:00 p.m. pacific time. And I was like, all right, guys, we have five minutes till the Wilson Chandler dropped.
Speaker A: Yeah. It was so fast. By the time, by the time you told me, by the time you, like, really told us about it, it was, like, gone. Right? It was that fast?
Speaker C: Yeah, no, it was a, which I didn't understand at first. I thought it was kind of like a normal sneaker drop where, you know, you drop and you got to be the first ones to get it. It was actually cool. And I think to your benefit, and the proceeds benefit that you did it, like, an auction style. So they went on the auction block, and then there it was pretty quick how quickly it ended, but it was awesome. And I'm sure you got, Wilson, you got plans to drop some more releases from this kind of series.
Speaker D: Yeah, I'm gonna do, I think we did 40 something pairs that drop. And so we have another 60 or more to start.
Speaker A: So now they look, the design is the voxel like design on those. Now, the first thing I was thinking about is, can I put these on my character in the sandbox in the metaverse? You know, like, can they be on my avatar? Is that something, do you know, Wilson, if that's possible?
Speaker D: No, not, not on a sandbox. It's another one. I think it's possible. I don't know if it's possible to have them on an avatar, but it's possible to have them in that metaverse.
Speaker A: That's cool.
Speaker D: Another one. Crypto voxels.
Speaker A: Yeah, there's crypto voxels. Yeah, that might be it. Yeah.
Speaker D: Boxes. That's a, that's a site that you able to use those on?
Speaker A: Well, we'll build a Wilson shoe store on our, in our, on our land that we own.
Speaker C: I kind of wanted to do that, you know, when we. So, Wilson, to catch you up, we all, on a very lonely Saturday afternoon, decided that we were going to be land barons and bought a whole bunch of land in sandbox, which is similar to crypto voxels. Kind of like pixelated creation like this. And we bought it. And then that moment of, oh, shit, what do we do with it? What do we do with our land? And the first thing I went to was, like, something like this where you can sell these, like, it would be in a real life shoe store, but then you go play a pickup basketball game in the metaverse, and you get to rock these, or you trade in your moment, your NBA top shot moment, and you get the jersey of whatever moment that was, and you can rock that and play it. And so, yeah, I just, I think that's a really cool aspect. And that's what attracted me to these so quickly is like, oh, yeah, we can actually use these in the metaverse.
Speaker A: So, yeah, that's cool.
Speaker D: Those guys did a great job, you know, creating that company, crypto kickers, you know, and just being kind of like one of the first of that, that, that space, you know, in the metaverse, you know, and they were, they were super easy to work with, you know. Sorry about that. Got a phone call, and I couldn't charge my computer in time, but, yeah, those guys are super easy to work with. We spent a lot of time just going back and forth over the details. It was pretty easy. They had everything already built out. So I just kind of gave my two cent on, like, how we gonna sell them colorways, different designs, stuff like that, all the easy stuff.
Speaker A: And they kind of look great. They look great.
Speaker D: I'll be honest. They did all, they did all the legwork. You know, they was already a great company before I came around, so it was super easy, you know, and I think it's something to be proud of on my end. Like I said, I'm not like a professional or expert in this space. You know, I just wanted to create something that looked good, that was fun, that was easy, that people who were, like, interested in NFTs or people who were interested but wasn't necessarily in, just kind of like, come over just from a sneaker standpoint and just like, oh, what's this? You can kind of dive in gateway, you know?
Speaker A: Yeah, very, very cool. So I'm excited to see kind of what, what transpires with the next drops and things like that. So, Wilson, did in your NFT journey, were you, did, were you kind of in how all of a, you know, a huge amount of people got in via top shot or was your first kind of NFT experience with Zed? What, you know, what was that? And, and, like, where do you participate in top chart? Are you into it? Why, why not let us know what you think there.
Speaker D: My first introduction was, like, from a participation standpoint, I knew about NFTs and kind of read up on them, knew what they were. I knew different types of NFTs, but Zed was my first actual time, like, getting in, buying one and using it, you know? And that, for me, is fun. Like, to be able to have a horse, not only can you race it, you can breed it, you know, you can let it sit there, whatever, like, and that's a, it's fun, but it's an asset, you know, for sure, kind of building your portfolio in that, in the Zed space, you know? So for me, it's easy. Like, I can have fun with it. The interaction with the community is great. You know, the founders are great to, you know, to follow, you know, they lead in a great way, being innovative in a space. And I think it's just like, it's super young as a, as a company, so much they can do, and they expand on, like, the great things they've done already.
Speaker A: So, yeah, that's awesome. So now let's chamber. Can you actually pull up Wilson's stable? Let's see what. Let's see what kind of horses we got. Let me see if I can pull it up here.
Speaker C: While he's pulling that up, I have a question. So I know you and Dinwiddie past each other. When you guys were at Brooklyn together, was he in the locker room talking everyone's ear off about, like, crypto? And I don't know when he started investing in top shot, but was he in the locker room just running his mouth about all this stuff? And everyone was like, no, I don't care about that.
Speaker D: No, I wouldn't say running his mouth, but he definitely was very vocal about it. Loving the space and being an investor in this space, you know, I think he was very proud of that. I mean, as he should be, because he was one of the early. Yeah, one of the earliest ones. And on top of that, he can sit here and have a conversation with anybody in the space, you know, and be impressive, you know, not because he's there, but just because he's smart and he knows. So, you know, even with me, like, I understood the space, but to the depth that he knew it, and he understood it not. Not nearly as much. You know, I was always impressed, you.
Speaker A: Know, whenever he talked about the space, he was chamber. Do you remember on our other show, we were reading articles about Spencer Dinwiddie, talking about, like, tokenizing player contracts and all that kind of stuff? Like, we're talking about, he's talking about that stuff. So that's no surprise. So, uh, Wilson, while he pulls that up, you know, we saw a couple other stories today and yesterday, too, about more professional athletes kind of getting involved in crypto, whether that be getting their salaries paid in crypto or we saw Trevor Lawrence sign some big deal with, with blockfolio, you know, in your, in your experience, kind of around, you know, professional sports, do you see, you know, more and more guys that might becoming. Starting to do that in the future? And what are your thoughts on that?
Speaker D: Yeah, definitely. I mean, it only makes sense from both sides, actually. Like, marketing is everything, you know, crypto, nfts, all that is hot right now. So just even from, like, a branding standpoint, you know, it kind of brings attention to the player. But like I said about Zed, it's an actual, like, you know, store value now. It's an actual, like, thing. Like, you can't deny it anymore. So I can see more and more people getting into the space just from a finance standpoint and also on both sides with players and teams for fan engagement, you know, personal branding as well. So I can see players getting more into it and accepting cryptos as payment and also getting into the NFT space, whether that's investing in companies or creating your own nfts for your.
Speaker A: I. Yeah, we got a. What? The Mavs are taking Dogecoin now for tickets and Mark Cuban's got them doing NFT introduction courses. I think I saw that as well.
Speaker B: We got our boy Sammy bought up a piece of the Miami stadium, I think, for FTX.
Speaker A: Oh, you're lord and savior, Sam from FTX. There you go. But, yeah, I think it's going to be a bigger and bigger thing. And there's just, I think the sports business as a whole has such a huge opportunity to do things with NFTs specifically. I think mostly that's because what we're going to see the most successful people do is engage their community and use it to be creative on how they engage their community, how they can take that to the next level. They already have built in fan bases, right. So they have the communities that they are struggling to touch now that this could potentially give them that, you know, push over the edge. What do you think about that, Des?
Speaker C: Yeah, absolutely. I mean, I think that's the direction we're going and it's a bit of a freight train at this point, so. Absolutely.
Speaker A: All right, so, Wilson, walk us through your stable here. You've, I think, described it earlier as an investor stable. I think that's a good way to what we're looking at here. So what, what, uh, what do you, what are we looking at here? You've got a whole bunch of stuff here from, um. Is that a z ten I see all the way up to a two?
Speaker D: Yeah. Uh, the z ten was actually a gift.
Speaker A: Was it a gift by you? Chamber? Did you give Wilson Chandler the.
Speaker B: I sent them one. I was at this one.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: I forget the name of it.
Speaker D: Yeah, that was it. Yeah.
Speaker B: Was that the one? This one here? Oh, that's awesome.
Speaker A: All right, hold on. Let's go back and tell this story. We're burying the lead here. I completely forgot you gifted him a horse.
Speaker B: Well, our buddy Wilson over here. Newfound friend during the last Zed drop. I don't know exactly what happened. You missed it. Did you get pulled over for speeding or something like that? I think I heard of.
Speaker D: I end up leaving late from Detroit, going to my hometown. Always drive. It's like a two and a half hour drive, but I end up, I planned it so I can get there for the drop, but I end up leaving late, and then I needed to get gas, so I'm just speaking. I'm just going crazy, too. Right? She pulls. She said, you in emergency? I'm like, yeah, I got to use the bathroom really bad.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm trying to buy a digital horse.
Speaker B: You won't understand this, but I really got to get home.
Speaker D: I was so close to the exit, too, so I ended up getting pulled over. She took forever.
Speaker B: That's terrible.
Speaker D: I missed out, but I had a friend also, who wanted to split a z one, so I ended up splitting the z one with him because he got it. And also I had him give me a z three. So the z three is in my stable.
Speaker A: That's awesome. So, Chamber, you heard this news when you were chatting with Wilson, and you came to the rescue and gave him a z ten Genesis horse?
Speaker B: That's right. It was my way of tampering to try to get Wilson to play for the Lakers at some point so Rob could contact me and then we could work out a deal where I could be maybe, like, an assistant GM at some point down the road.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: So this was basically the new magic Johnson of executive.
Speaker C: I was going to say the Jonah Hill and moneyball, but. Okay.
Speaker A: I like that way better.
Speaker B: That's probably closer.
Speaker A: That's really funny. So. Oh, you've got a z ten Genesis unraced here. Or was it raced?
Speaker D: Ever won anything?
Speaker A: That was a dog. There you go. But.
Speaker B: So you got a couple of. Looks like you got a z. Yeah. So z three unraced, z four, unrace another, and the two other z three s. But then you got a z to Nakamoto. That seems like a winner here.
Speaker D: A solid. I love him.
Speaker B: Yeah. This is a nice horse.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: He's got a 15% win rate.
Speaker B: Yeah. 73 races. Eleven first place wins. A bad class, too, huh?
Speaker C: It's like borderline class two. Class one. Right. That's 80.
Speaker B: 80. Yeah.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. So you're right on the cusp.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: So how has it been? Obviously, you've gotten. You've gotten your. Your legs under you. You've raced him 73 times. What? You know, what's your favorite part about the. That part of the experience?
Speaker D: I actually. I don't know how many out of that 73 I have, but I bought him race.
Speaker A: Oh, okay.
Speaker D: And he wasn't at 15%. I think he might have been at, like 6% at that time.
Speaker A: So you're a pro trainer now?
Speaker C: Call you Bob.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: That's awesome.
Speaker D: From a guy you know, that I met through a mutual friend, Drew.
Speaker A: There you go.
Speaker D: Shout out, Drew. Yes. So I end up getting three or four horses from him, and that being one of them. So he was already raced already when I got him, but since I've had him, like, I want to say, man, he's what? Doubled?
Speaker A: Yeah. That's awesome. So what is your, you know, I've seen you post about, you know, your racing. I've seen you race this one against some of, like, the bigger stables in the game. You know, what's your. What's your favorite part about the actual racing experience?
Speaker D: I think it's a competition. Just seeing what's out there, you know, engaging them, seeing that if you can get your horse to that top tier level, you know, I think it's that for me and just loving just the game in general, like, you know, watching horses race and just having fun with it.
Speaker A: Now, how deep are you going to go into, you know, breeding and all that kind of stuff once that opens back up?
Speaker D: Oh, man, I'm going. I'm going here first. I didn't know because the whole thing happened, but I'm definitely ten toes in.
Speaker A: That, so I. Yeah, most of. I would say most of us didn't really get a chance. It was open for what, a day? 24 hours, little.
Speaker B: Maybe 36 hours max out everyone I could.
Speaker A: I did. I did hardly anything. I, like, lent you the one to kind of stood out for a couple, and it produced a bunch of duds, and that was. That was it. We. So it's been locked up, and since then, I've kind of just been chomping at the bit to, you know, do some tests out there. Now, are you going to. I didn't even get to see. I didn't ask, is the one that you're racing, is that a colt or is it a female Philly?
Speaker D: That's a man, I think.
Speaker A: Okay, so are you gonna throw them out in this? Are you gonna throw them out and have people pay you to study them, or are you gonna kind of try to maybe do it in house a little with what you have here? What's your. What's your strategy gonna be?
Speaker D: I know I got a couple of friends who have some z ones, you know, female. So that's. I think I'm gonna go with that, you know, just something, you know, more. Sure.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's a really good point. I think, you know, Des, that kind of goes to how much it really is kind of a community game where you bring your friends in that you know, have what the puzzle pieces that you need. Right. And you kind of chat a little strategy, make little deals. What do you think about that?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I'll take a. Take a second here to pump my own bags and pre promote something I've been working on with, with your buddy Drew Wilson. But I think a lot of users want to get involved, and very similar to in real life racing, where there's these fractionalized owned stables. It's not just a single owner, but it's a group of owners, it's a group of friends, and it requires just a little bit of maintenance for them, but they still get the excitement and the thrill of winning a race or having a great horse. And I think that's going to be so big for how Zed expands is the people who maybe don't have 4 hours a day to do all the analytics and race horses, but still want that feeling of having ownership of something really awesome. So I think that makes total sense, and I think that's where it's going. I think it's a group game. I think it's a community. And what you're going to see is these big staples come together and have a whole bunch of. I mean, that's a great horse comedy would be a feature in a lot of people's, like, kind of breeding patterns and things like that. So it makes sense.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think so. Are we talking fractionalized horse ownership? Is that what we're talking about?
Speaker C: Yeah, what we're talking about is Wilson and I will eventually own horses together in a stable. So he doesn't know yet, but could.
Speaker B: You tokenize the NFL?
Speaker A: Yeah, you. Oh, you absolutely could. You could just 100%. I can't believe that light bulb just went off in your head.
Speaker B: Wow. The lights, the electricity doesn't run too hard in here, you know.
Speaker A: But, yeah, I mean, like that. That's what's going to happen when people own tracks, right? Like, you're going to have ownership groups of tracks that'll be pretty much divided by tokens, the community token. Right. And you're going to probably buy into a token that represents ownership in a track. And, you know, however much you own is your share of either the governance or the profitability of whatever happens. And, you know, I think that's kind of the future of what you're going to see when they're talking about track ownership and stuff. So I wouldn't doubt if you see the same thing in horses as well.
Speaker C: I actually have a question. I probably not the forum to have this discussion, but do either of you guys know if there's a smart contract right now that exists where it pays out on the ownership of the token? So, like a dividend, but I. For shares of the token?
Speaker A: Well, so, like, I know, you know, if you do, this is kind of just a half knowledgeable answer. I know. Like, when you do, there has to be, because, like, when you do staking rewards, right? Like, if that automatically pays out based on the amount you're staking, right? So say you, you know, you could do it the same way almost totally defi where you have the pool, right? You're providing liquidity to the pool so people can come in and out and buy, trade ownership. And then as much as you're staking, you would get rewards based on that or whatever, right? You know, groups like, there's definitely social tokens out there, like the whale token that have things like that. So, you know, I know it's out there. I'm not sure about the smart contract piece, but I feel like it has to exist. Wilson, you know, of anything that we, that could help Des outd?
Speaker C: Wilson just needs to know that eventually we're going to own a bunch of horses and a track together. So that's all he needs to know.
Speaker A: Well, Wilson, do you, do you have interest in, you know, the future when they do open the tracks? Like, when they do have track ownership and things like that, is that something that you would be interested in?
Speaker D: Yeah, definitely. That'd be dope. You know, kind of like, you know, investing in the team. You know, you got a group that's going to buy, you know, professional team. So, like, so I think it's similar to that, just on a very smaller scale. You know, just to have your friends invest into a track together and just have people racing on it, that'd be dope.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think. And then, you know, there's a whole business that you could do around it. We were talking about, you know, selling ads to these big races and, you know, if you've got come at me, who is a class one horse, and he's going to be going head to head against billions in a race, and, you know, you could promote that and people are going to tune in to watch, like, all of a sudden now you have potential sponsorship opportunities and things like that. So I think that's really interesting for the future of the game. Wilson, where do you kind of see down the road the future of this game going and how involved you're going to be?
Speaker D: How involved I'm going to be I can't say, but the future of it, I mean, I can see from a sponsorship, a sponsorship standpoint, I can see how that's going to be major, you know, whether it's signs on the railways or there's, you know, sponsorships on a horse, you know, whatever it may be or, you know, like you said, promotion wise and also just a, you know, the sports betting side of it, you know, however that works, you know, then tapping into different markets like Asia, you know, and other markets that's not open right now. So I think, you know, you know, once you get Asia involved in anything just from the so many people, well.
Speaker C: There sounds like you might be the right liaison to bring us there. History in China. Absolutely.
Speaker D: Definitely. You know, just with the population and, you know, just the relationship we have with them and investing, you know, and a lot of us companies, well, they're.
Speaker A: Huge into horse racing in particular also.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah, no, it just, even for kids, though, it's just funny, you know, so, but like you said, yeah, horse racing is huge over there, and just, I think I feel like bedding. Sports betting in general over there is.
Speaker A: Huge where Des, where you see the future of the betting standpoint coming in. We, you know, we've talked about it. We hear it in all the clubhouse chats and the discords and things like that. What are your thoughts on where things like that might land?
Speaker C: Oh, I mean, absolutely. It's 100% headed that way. I can imagine that there are quite a few barriers to get that up and running and the legality and all the compliance stuff, but, I mean, 100%, that's the way it's going. How quickly they get there, I think it's probably one of the things that they're prioritizing but just will happen in parallel. There's a lot of other good stuff that they want to get going, like sponsorships. We talked about big races. It's funny, you know, purses for these races are relatively small to how much people are paying for these horses. And I can see that being one of the things that, you know, changes. The soonest is, you know, some sponsor comes in and goes, we're going to do a $20,000 purse for a class one race that's going to turn heads as soon as that, you know, that headline on Yahoo. Finance goes, someone won $20,000 on a digital horse race today. It's going to skyrocket.
Speaker A: So, yeah, I think that's going to be. I definitely think that's the future, right? Like, you're going to get bigger purses. You know, we had Darren Rovell on. He said that he thought maybe someday you'd get a purse bigger than the Kentucky Derby. And, I mean, that's pretty interesting. So hope you think, you think. Come at me. Is going to be running in the, in the Kentucky Derby of Zed Wilson.
Speaker D: It depends. It depends on the buyer, the buy in. Buy it. I'm in there.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's. So do you have, you know, did you spend time when you were racing? Come at me. Did you spend time kind of honing in on its preferred distance? Did you, you know, play that whole strategy game? What was your, what was your, you know, experience doing that?
Speaker D: Yeah, definitely. When I first got him, you know, drew kind of gave me an update. He's good at 1400, he's decent at 1200. You know, I haven't tried him at a thousand, but maybe he's good at that. And I think maybe 1600. So I kind of just like, you know, did a few each. 1600, not good at all. 1400 is decent. 1200 is really good. Was good. And I think it's 100 or a thousand, whatever you call it, is really good. That's his best.
Speaker A: That. So you got a sprinter there. Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, that's awesome. I, uh. Go ahead.
Speaker D: Those that, uh, that in that 1200, you know, uh, to 1400, you know, um, sometimes I'll race them at 1600, but he hasn't really did much at that.
Speaker A: So I, I feel like there's just been even from when you got this horse and when you, uh, got into the game, which is right around the same time we all did, there's just been so many developments in all the tools that are out there to be able to analyze, you know, your horse. Right. Like it used to be. I was keeping a manual. Just a month ago, I was keeping a manual spreadsheet with all my odds, and I was trying to do it that way. Now you have, I literally have, I think, six different tool websites up that are favorited. So I could kind of analyze my horses here. So do you use any of those sec, other sites to kind of check your stuff or you, you a chamber guy and just writing odds in a notebook?
Speaker D: No, I haven't used any of those sites. You know, a couple of those sites hit me on twitter, you know, kind of trying to get me to do some analytic stuff with them. But I was like, nah, I just.
Speaker A: Like.
Speaker D: Playing basketball for so long. I like the feel of everything. Kind of like to do it on my own.
Speaker A: Oh, I like that.
Speaker D: To learn, you know, from a physical standpoint. So me just, you know, learning the characteristics of my horse on my own is, you know, good enough for me. Like, that's how I kind of, like.
Speaker A: That'S cool.
Speaker C: So big question is, when are we gonna see come at me on the craft zed run leaderboard? I post on Twitter.
Speaker D: I don't know if you've seen that.
Speaker C: Wilson, but I posted a daily digest every day of, like, the top horses.
Speaker B: Top.
Speaker D: I think. I think that. I think I seen it once because it was like, I thought I was on it, but it was like, come at me, bro.
Speaker A: Yeah. Yes, yes, yes. That's true.
Speaker D: Because I didn't know what it was. I think somebody retweeted it, and I seen that. So I did see it. But, yeah, I haven't raced them in, man, about a week and a half.
Speaker A: Oh, we gotta get a race going.
Speaker D: Yeah. I just been ripping and running, so I haven't even got a chance to race them in a while.
Speaker A: That's funny. So do you have plans now? You had a bunch that were in your Griffin races there. Are those going to be long term holds for you? Are you eventually going to run them, you know, as you get a. Or are you planning on just breeding them unraced? What's your strategy with those?
Speaker D: I thought about breeding them unraced and just holding on to them, but I think I erased them at some point. I think, for me, it's just like, kind of having to go through that same thing, like, learning what they good at, like, kind of putting them a little bit everywhere. I don't really want to go through that right now. I kind of just want to race. I want to race and win right now. So I just keep.
Speaker A: Yeah. Yo, it's fun when you know what your horse is good at and you can race it and you start to see results. It's. It's like, you know, that's the goal, right. The end goal of your horses. Right. Des, what do you think about breeding your unraced horses? You think that's a good thing, bad thing?
Speaker C: We're a big fan of unfounded theories here, just wild speculation. And, you know, I personally would recommend. I have this weird theory that zobos aren't really performing that well right now compared to how rare they are. I mean, they're almost just as rare as Nakamoto's, and it just doesn't make sense. So my theory is that zabos were meant for something different. They were meant for either jump racing or the next evolution of racing. So they have, like, a little thing that's hidden that no one can see that's just going to explode as the racing explodes. So I don't know, maybe hold on to those. Maybe keep those unraced, unbreden. When they pop off, you'll, you know, you'll, you know, end up with a nice come up there. But I do. I mean, I do. I'm a big fan of racing, and I think you should race a lot of your horses. I think, you know, you said someone was offering you some horses if those were z eight s to z ten s, or even, like, z five s to z seven s. Like, maybe snatch up a couple of those, feel good about racing them, see where they are. But it's funny, the value, if you just talk about it from a fun standpoint, obviously, it's more fun to race. But if you talk about a value standpoint, if you get a winner, it's much more advantageous than just keeping it unraced and whatnot. And you've seen kind of winning horses sell for a lot more than unraced. So I kind of subscribe to the theory of racing till the toes fall off, you know?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's a good point. Shout out to our friend Adam over at Zed Gazette two about the zabos. He always. He's been telling me, steeple chase for zabos since I think, like, day two. I was talking to him about it. So, you know, he's been saying that for a while as well and beating it into my head. But I think your. Your point there about racing them versus unraced is a good one, because I do think that even I, if it's not a good racer, it will eventually, down the line be, if it's a Genesis horse, be good for something, right? And I think if it's a Genesis horse, it might even might be a breeder or there's a whole bunch of stuff that aren't unlocked in the racing algorithm yet that we might see it be good at. Wilson, have you heard about all the things that your horse could potentially be good at in the future, like these steeplechase races, the gait preference, all these other weather things you might have to find out about your horse going forward?
Speaker D: I mean, no talking to doofy. He's everything, you know, so he's like one of the good people to talk to and just kind of watch from afar on twitter. So, you know, when I first got in, he was always talking about, like, the possibilities and unlocking the algorithms and stuff like, that it's always definitely something, you know, when you. When it's a racing game or some type of athletic competition, you know, you can kind of, like, use analytics and different sciences behind each horse and just have, like, kind of an edge, you know, lots of.
Speaker A: Lots of data coming out, man. And I feel like I'm data paralysis sometimes, though, too. I think I need to change to a little more Wilson Chandler approach and just go by feel sometimes, you know, chamber. I feel like that's how you race.
Speaker B: But I'm the Charles Barkley of racing. I don't go for analytics. Analytics doesn't mean you're gonna be a good teammate. No. Can you do me a favor, too? I was on. I was creeping on that last clubhouse you guys were in the other day. I don't know if you were in it, Des, but, bunch, you were definitely there. Can you let them know how to say zobo? Because they were murdering that name. Just everybody, it's a silent s. Just. Just forget the s. But I was like, oh, my goodness. I probably heard about five or six different versions on how to say that. Speak out, because I was about to lift my hand up in that clubhouse.
Speaker A: You got to be a real crypto head to know that, though, right? I feel like you have to. To. But, yeah, I mean, are we going to be able to get into a race here?
Speaker B: I've been trying. It's. I think the wait's a little longer.
Speaker A: Yeah, that stinks. I was hoping we could erase.
Speaker B: What are your thoughts like? I'm more curious, like, obviously, Wilson, you got a cup. You got, I think, three or four that are unraced. Do you think you'll be participating in the next drop? And if you pick up some. You know, if you pick up some comparable ones, will you race those ones? Because that's kind of the way I was thinking. I wanted to get some. Keep them on race until I get into the next drop, and if I get more in that next drop, maybe I'll race my older ones.
Speaker D: Yeah, definitely. That's always a thought, you know, for me. But to answer your question, I will be in the next drop. You know, hopefully I get some good horses pulled over.
Speaker B: All right, I'll hook you up again.
Speaker A: Yeah, Chamberlain. Just drop you another horse, and we'll get you hooked up. But.
Speaker D: At home, I'm waiting on it to drop, man.
Speaker B: We're not moving.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, it's. So when do we. Let's. Let's do some more wild speculation here. When do you think we might see another drop. Des. You got your ear to the ground.
Speaker C: I do feel like we're gonna see something towards the end this week. I have a feeling that actually might be breeding. You know, they just released a statement that said that they cleared there was an issue with matic and, and horses getting stuck looking like they're in a race, but they're not. And they just basically fix 99% of the issues today. So I feel like it's all ramping up. It's been two weeks since they had breeding turned on. It's been three or four weeks since the last drop. I feel like they're going to do something towards the end this week. Wild speculation, but, you know, that's what I like.
Speaker B: That's the only speculation I like.
Speaker A: You heard it here first. All right. Chamber. I know you, you had some basketball.
Speaker B: You know, I'm itching.
Speaker A: I know. I know you have some basketball questions for Wilson, so I. I would be remiss if I didn't give you your time to ask Wilson.
Speaker B: I appreciate that, too, because I could see you going back to des a couple times, like my man bunny.
Speaker A: Yeah. I'm waiting to wrap up with your, your basketball questions because I know that you're not going to ask, you know, intelligent questions.
Speaker B: No, absolutely not. Um, okay, I guess the first one would be, at any point in your career, were you ever very close to being a laker?
Speaker D: No.
Speaker B: Damn it. Damn it. I for sure thought. I for sure thought you were going to be on the cusp. Maybe a deal fell through on a trade or something. Damn. Okay.
Speaker D: Inquiring about me at all.
Speaker B: So I was, I was on the message boards, making up all sorts of rumors Wilson Chandler's coming, you know, trade straight up for Lamar Odom. I don't know. Yeah, I remember those days.
Speaker A: I got, I got a question for him. If you. I know you're not into top shot, but if you had one moment in your career that you would have made into a top shot moment, what would it be?
Speaker D: Oh, man, it's a tough one. That's a tough one. I would say. Just with everything that goes into it, the garden, the fans, the dunk, you know, kind of like when I see, like, people post old highlights, it's kind of always one of the ones that's always in there. And that, that'd be the reverse dunk at the garden on Java McGee.
Speaker A: Oh, nice. I like that.
Speaker B: Javale's been on the wrong side of a lot of those over the years.
Speaker D: No, he's been on the right side a lot you know, oh, yeah, man.
Speaker B: I got, that guy doesn't, he doesn't, he doesn't skip a chance to try and block it. To try to block shot, actually.
Speaker D: Smartest. He's one of the smartest players I played with. He's really, you know, you know, everybody's like, oh, shocking the food. But he's actually intelligent and shit.
Speaker B: I mean, I was, I think I watched every single, every single one of his. I don't know if you watched, like, his YouTube bubble videos last year. Oh, he's fantastic there. Like, I watch it every day. I thought they were really, really good. But you could tell. You can tell he's super smart. I got a question. I think I know the answer, but I want to get your opinion. Playing in China, what, what NBA, what player that's played in the NBA that's gone over to China has had, is like the most legendary player, like, over the course of, say, the last, I think I know ever.
Speaker D: Right, right. I mean, say in the last 20 years, we'll say, yeah, steph on Marbury, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's gotta be Starbury. Okay. It was crazy. It was crazy, right?
Speaker D: Like, how Michael Jordan and LeBron and Kobe is like, over there. It's like, who's the best step on my very. Isn't like, hands down.
Speaker B: No doubt. That's fantastic.
Speaker A: Isn't that weird? Georgia Tech grad.
Speaker C: Georgia Tech grad.
Speaker B: Um, I think, I guess growing up, who was your, who was your favorite? Like, who's your guy? Who was the guy that you modeled after?
Speaker D: I never modeled after anybody. No, I would, I would like to. I would, like, think I did, but no, you know, all my favorite players were, like, super skilled players. Like, I played nothing like them. Kobe was like my, so I grew up with my grandparents and my grandmother, like, she was Chicago Bulls Michael Jordan, every.
Speaker B: Right. Because you weren't too far from Chicago, right?
Speaker D: Hour and a half drive. So we got WGN, which was the local I go station at the time. They showed all the Bulls games and every, every game. Like, she never missed a game. Like, really? No, it was always Michael Jordan in the house. But, like, when Kobe came, it was like, I was older. I was like, junior high, you know, 6th, 7th, 8th grade, you know, and then on. So he was like the guy that, you know, we grew up watching, you know, and kind of be our Michael Jordan at that time. So I would those two from those standpoints, and it was a lot of guys I loved. Kevin Garnett was one of my favorite players. Jamal Mashbrand, was one of my favorite players. Penny Hardaway, Allen Iverson, of course. You know, just.
Speaker B: Of course.
Speaker D: Yeah. Alive kind of just, like, transcended the game. Like, if you got tattoos in our generation, it was because, I swear, he.
Speaker C: Started, like, the sleeve, the finger. I mean, he really did. He was kind of a pioneer in a lot of that stuff. And, you know, anyone who wasn't emulating, you know, Kobe on the court, they were emulating Iverson at that time. I was a huge basketball player growing up, and.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: So I dreamed.
Speaker D: Dreamed of where.
Speaker C: Getting where you were. So that's awesome.
Speaker D: Yeah, I definitely. But everything is, you know, a little easier than we think. You know, I couldn't do what you guys do. I mean, just like, now he's being super.
Speaker A: Casting is a sport.
Speaker B: Eat stuff, amounts of weight. It's not that difficult.
Speaker D: My face, I sweat, like, almost passed out. Stage public. I'm no lie.
Speaker B: That's awesome.
Speaker A: Well, when they. When they make the professional podcasting association, we will. We'll hopefully be at least in contract, at least in the G League. We'll be in the G League at least. But chamber. You definitely have some more. I know you do.
Speaker B: I do have one, but I feel like Wilson won't answer it, and very, very reasonably, you know, I understand why you.
Speaker A: Come on. We were just talking about it.
Speaker B: Did you have. Oh, wow. Okay, well, I'll bring up. There's two things I want to bring. First thing I want to bring up was, did you have a. Like, a worst teammate of all time? Talk about that. Was anybody that. That kind of sticks out to you now?
Speaker D: If I. If I did, I would say it, but I literally never had.
Speaker B: Everybody was pretty good overall.
Speaker D: Yeah. Like, I never had nothing with none of my team. I seen a lot of teammates argue, you and don't like each other, right. They love each other, so. I know.
Speaker A: How about your favorite guy to play with, man?
Speaker D: I don't think I have one. Like, you know, I don't have one. I have a list of guys. Nate rouse, Q. That whole first Knicks team we had, Malik Rose, Eddie Curry, and all those guys, like, that whole team was dope. Want to be around Q.
Speaker B: Seemed like a good guy. Like, Quinton Richardson. He seemed like a good dude.
Speaker D: Yeah, great guy. Zach Randolph, great guy. Darrell Arthur, Will Barton, people. Jamir Nelson. I talk to Jamir all the time. Really talk to him the most. Al Hanson, Jared Smith. Like, I had a lot of great teammates. You know, I liked all my teammates.
Speaker B: That's awesome.
Speaker A: I can. I can see a. I can see a locker room of NBA players just betting on zen horses. Like, I totally can see generation right now.
Speaker D: I can definitely see that too. Like, once they get into it, I can see, like, that happening. Like, even on the plane, I can see, like, guys.
Speaker A: Yeah, for sure.
Speaker B: So I gotta ask. I'm a huge Kobe Bryant fan. My three favorite Kobe games are in order.
Speaker C: He's so nice to us.
Speaker B: I gotta ask. What was it like? What was it like, you know?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: The 61 at the garden. I remember watching it, losing my mind. It's my third favorite Kobe game of all time.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: How was it?
Speaker D: It was probably the most unbelievable thing I ever, like, saw, like, with my own.
Speaker B: Right. Like, I agree.
Speaker D: Like, from a competitive standpoint at the time, like, definitely was mad embarrassed. Like, all type of, like, feelings. But, like, as I, like, watch, like, as I get older, like. Like, I forgot about that a long time ago. I was watching. It was unbelievable, bro.
Speaker B: And it's not. And it's not the same way. Like, I feel like Jalen Rose gets dogged for the 81 point game. Like, there was. You ever see, like, the commercial where Kobe's at the restaurant and he's like, how many olives it looks at? Jalen looks back at the 81. At least you didn't get a commercial. But I would say that's my. That's my number three game. My number two is 81. My favorite game. My favorite Kobe games is his last game. I thought that was, to me, the craziest Kobe game of all time was his last one.
Speaker D: It has to be. It's, like, picture perfect. It's like a movie, almost like I'm retiring, you know, at the achilles injury, the last game of my career, I scored 60 in LA.
Speaker B: Everybody was there. Everybody was there because I remember.
Speaker D: I remember. I remember that because I don't think we were playing, but that wasn't. That wasn't scheduled to be a tv game.
Speaker B: No, you're right.
Speaker D: And it was like, the warriors, like, they was playing somebody. I think that was like.
Speaker B: I think that was the Lakers 17th win of the season.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: That was the last game to see, was their 17th win.
Speaker D: Yeah. And I think was, like, the main game of the night. So I remember.
Speaker B: I think there was. I think there was, like, a golden state game that night.
Speaker D: Yeah. Nothing. I remember, like, after, like, the game was over. That's all everybody was talking about, like, kobe everywhere. It was.
Speaker B: To me, that was nuts. I was. I was losing my mind. I remember just yelling and screaming at the top of my lungs in the basement. I live. I live on the east coast, so it's like one in the morning waking up my kids and yelling, like, what's wrong, daddy?
Speaker D: Perfect ending to the perfect movie.
Speaker B: And Mamba out at the end, you know, and drops the mic. Mamba out.
Speaker A: Okay. I saw a clip yesterday. I think that. Of him shooting the two free throws with the. With the torn achilles. And I was just like, no, I like, how could anybody ever do that? It's insane. And he, like, makes it look like.
Speaker B: It'S nothing but get me emotional right now.
Speaker A: Yeah, I know. I can tell. I can tell. You. You got you. I think you're tearing up under there.
Speaker B: I made a whole. There's a bunch who. And I have another show, and after his passing, I think. I think you let me rant for, like, 20 minutes. There's a 20 minutes eulogy on our other show. Just. Kobe has nothing to. We have a crypto show, just like a straight crypto show. And there was, like, 2025 minutes of me just ranting on Kobe, giving the proper eulogy. But, yeah, no, that's. I was. I was interested to get. Obviously, you had a bird's eye view of that game.
Speaker D: No, no, it was a dope experience. Just happen to be on the wrong side of that.
Speaker B: Sorry. Did you get the, like. I'm trying to think. Did you get, like, the bulk of it, or.
Speaker D: Yeah, I got all, like, the spectacular ones. Like, I was the guy now, you know, at the end of the game. So, like, if I didn't get the whole thing, like, just from highlights and just, you know, watching ESPN host time, like, he definitely got all of that.
Speaker B: Because you're, like, the top defender on literally every team you've been on.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: So that doesn't shock me that you guys try to lock him up.
Speaker D: No, yeah, definitely. I've been a part of a lot of high score and individual games. You know, LeBron, Katie, like, you are so many great players. Like, sometimes, like, your only defense is, like, the hope they miss. You know, you play your heart, like they so good. You know, it's kind of like, they make, like. I think people forget how good NBA players are. Like, one through whatever it is. But, like, certain guys are so good. They make, like, a great player look average, you know, just right.
Speaker B: Well, I was watching, there was, like, a YouTube clip that came out the other day of. What's his name? White Mamba from Boston. What's his name? I can't think now.
Speaker C: Scalabrine.
Speaker B: Scalabrine. Thank you. And scal was in the gym, like, just like a Y gym. And he lit somebody up.
Speaker C: Oh, I saw that.
Speaker B: And he looked like me. Calabriani looked like he was about 30 pounds overweight and just lit him up. It was awesome.
Speaker D: I think that's also great. Like, fans being able to associate with somebody. Associate themselves with somebody that kind of looks like them. I think that's why, like, don't get me wrong, Steph Curry is amazing. He's one of the best players of all time. But I think people look at him like, he's not super tall, he's not super. Have a lot of muscles. He's skinny, you know, he's not that.
Speaker B: Jacked up now, though. He's jacked up. I'll take his muscle.
Speaker A: I was going to say, you see him in college at Davidson. He's like a string bean, man. He's tiny.
Speaker D: That's like. That's dope. Like somebody that good, like, people can associate themselves with physics. Like, you know. I think that's why, you know, people, like, love his game.
Speaker A: Yeah, totally.
Speaker B: So who do you got two do you got for the. Who do you got this year? Who's winning it? I got a. I need your feedback.
Speaker D: Is it Brooklyn, man, look, like.
Speaker B: I know.
Speaker D: At four strength for a long time. In a long time. I think, what? Maybe like a few weeks, maybe those guys playing the same time.
Speaker A: How about the Knicks? Nine in a row, baby.
Speaker D: I think it's definitely great for the city, but it's like, you know, it's a different level.
Speaker A: I know we can dream over here. The Knicks, you know, it is what it is.
Speaker D: But the Nets playoff series, I think that'd be super competitive.
Speaker B: And that's Lakers.
Speaker D: No, no, that's.
Speaker A: No, Nets. Knicks.
Speaker B: Oh, that's next would be nuts.
Speaker D: Yeah, that would be great.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. All right. Okay, so I'm obviously. I'm obviously edging my bets towards the Lakers. I think drumming with ad once LeBron gets back. No, it's unstoppable. Yeah.
Speaker D: I mean, when LeBron is involved, you can never count them.
Speaker B: Also, that guy's. That guy's crazy. Like, I was. I wouldn't say I was a LeBron hater, but I didn't. I appreciated LeBron. Maybe halfway. Halfway through Miami, I would say, like. And then obviously second. The second stint in Cleveland wasn't saying. And then he became. And then he became a laker. I got. I gotta love him now.
Speaker D: Are you sure you was a not a LeBron hater before the Lakers?
Speaker A: He definitely was.
Speaker B: I wouldn't say. I wouldn't say I hate her because I wouldn't say I hate on anybody. I totally like, you know, like, there's some people that, like, irrationally hate on LeBron.
Speaker D: Yeah. So before he came, you was.
Speaker A: Got another call.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: So before he came, what?
Speaker C: Man, I just have to say, I love the dedication. Just denying calls for us. I'm gonna put that as my fun fact.
Speaker A: That's great defense right there.
Speaker B: Look at that. Look at those hands.
Speaker A: So what were you saying before. Before he came? Was he what?
Speaker B: Oh, you're on mute.
Speaker C: We lost you.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: He was gonna ask me about.
Speaker A: He was. He basically said, you are gonna come.
Speaker B: At me with an introspective question, and I was really gonna have to dig deep into my soul to answer it.
Speaker A: I would say you're a Jordanator, quite honestly.
Speaker B: Well, I. Oh, yes.
Speaker A: I'm Jordan Hannah.
Speaker C: Just curious chamber, because, like, Kobe epitomizes Lakers for you. And there was kind of that rivalry, non rivalry there. Like, when he. When LeBron said he was coming over, my first reaction was not, hell, yeah. It was kind of like, ah, that doesn't feel right. Did you have the same thing?
Speaker B: I would say yes. It took me a full season to, like, accept LeBron as a Laker.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's fair.
Speaker B: Wilson, you back? Wilson's back.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: All right, I got to know what the question was before LeBron came to Lakers. What was your question?
Speaker D: Magic over LeBron before he came to Lakers?
Speaker B: No, I love Matt, so kind of like you. Actually, my grandma is kind of the one that got me into watching the Lakers because she loved magic Johnson.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: And by the time I started, I was like a little kidde. And by the time I really started watching it, like, unfortunately, magic had to retire. And then there was a whole other conversation that I had to had at a young age that was just like, what's going on here? But, no, I always had LeBron. I would say by, like, 2012, I had LeBron in, like, a top five conversation. Top ten all time.
Speaker A: Wilson, he's a Jordan hater. But I do hate.
Speaker B: I do hate. I do hate Jordan.
Speaker D: Who hates Jordan?
Speaker A: He does, because he's a Kobe. He's a guy.
Speaker B: I don't hate Jordan for what he like. He's obviously one of the greatest players of all time. But when I first started, you know, liking the Lakers, it was like, 91. I was like I said, I was a kid. It was. Jordan kicked out the. The Lakers in. In that. In the. In the finals that year or night, 1991, wherever it was. But whatever the year that was. It was just like, nope, I don't like this guy. This guy's no good. And then we had bad. We had badly. Well, not bad. Laker teams, but not. Not Chicago bull level teams for a while, definitely, but no, no. Yeah. LeBron over magic for sure. But magic still, obviously.
Speaker D: Magic still. Who's the best player of all time?
Speaker B: Lebron James. I think, like, honestly, like, there's nobody that's done it. I might pick. Like, I'd love to get your feet back. My opinion, there's no one that's done it consistently for this long with so much pressure coming out of the gates at, like 18 years old. Like, even before that. But, like, makes, like, wins where, like, wherever he goes, he wins. Like, he took that. Like that. Like, that Cleveland team, he took to the finals that first time with, like, Eric Snow and, like, decent Big Z. I mean, that's crazy. That's. He was 20 years older, however he was at the time.
Speaker D: That's good at all. Like, nobody on the team was good.
Speaker B: If you put Kobe on that team, he wasn't getting to the finals. Put it that way. He wasn't getting to the finals with Kobe on that. Even replace.
Speaker A: All right, well, Wilson, who's. Who do you think is the best of all time? Is it joy? It's Jordan, man.
Speaker D: It's hard to say. I think, to be honest, I'm one of those guys I don't think is a bad answer because, like, people grew up with certain people. Like, for me, it was true. For some people, it was Jordan. But it's a lot of people who say Kareem or Wilt, like, who seen those guys? You know.
Speaker B: I always think it's always going to be better. So, like, in 1520 years from now, there'll be somebody better than LeBron. Because regardless of the sport, I think as a sport continues to grow, you're always learning from the. From the players or the athletes that came before you. Right? So without Michael Jordan, you couldn't have Kobe. Without magic Johnson, you wouldn't have LeBron. And somebody's going to be patterning their game after LeBron, and it's going to be 7ft tall with guard skills and, like, a monster.
Speaker C: Kevin Durant.
Speaker B: Yeah, like Kevin Durant maybe a little, but, like, a heavier. Like 50 pounds heavier.
Speaker C: I got you.
Speaker D: I got you.
Speaker A: I agree. But again, you know, the game evolves, too, right? Like, if you. And I think it is, to your point, Wilson, it's all about who you grew up watching, right? Like, and because we weren't a pre, like, we didn't appreciate wilts and Kareem because we didn't see them as much.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker A: Like, or ever really. So I think that has a lot to do with it, for sure. I bet you my dad would probably say something different, right? Like, he would, he would give me a different answer.
Speaker B: So look at, is the, is the competition, who are they competing against? I think that has, I mean, you look at Wilt, Wilt was going up against like part time plumbers. I think at some points we need.
Speaker A: We need Zed run style odds before, before these games so we can know exactly what the fitness level is of the other players. Right.
Speaker B: That's true.
Speaker A: But I think that's a good place to wrap up, unless, des, you have any other questions for.
Speaker C: No, this has been a pleasure. No, this has been a pleasure. I appreciate it.
Speaker A: Yeah, I know chambers in Candyland over there, so he can make my day. Wilson. Yes. Thank you so much for coming on. We really do appreciate it. And so where can people find you and where can people find your project if they want to check that out as well?
Speaker D: Cryptokickers.com, of course, that's the site. And then they're on Twitter. They're on Instagram. Crypto kickers, opensea as well. And then, you know, I'm on Twitter. It's my name. Twitter. And same thing on Instagram.
Speaker A: Perfect.
Speaker B: We'll have those links in the show notes, so anybody listening or watching, you'll be able to find those there.
Speaker A: Yep. Absolutely. And so that's going to do it for us. We, again, really appreciate you coming on. It's been a pleasure to chat horses and basketball with you. And I'm, I'm glad that this is, you've made chambers life, really.
Speaker B: That's, I'm going to be going up to my wife after this. I'm hanging up. And then for the next hour and a half to 2 hours, I'm just going to be talking about this conversation.
Speaker A: And now you're going to. And so he's going to send you a bill and that's going to be a horse from next drop. And that you're going to have to, but that is going to do it for us. Until next time, stay mint.
