Speaker A: Happy good Friday. That is Jesus of suburbia by Green Day. I was looking for a Jesus song today to honor the occasion, and Jesus of suburbia popped up, and I forgot how much of a banger that song is. Bunch, was this in your wheelhouse in your younger years?
Speaker B: Is that on warning?
Speaker A: I think it's bolo. I think that one's on, like, boulevard of Broken Dre. I think it's that album. Whatever. That's on the.
Speaker B: Well, whatever. Whatever one it was. I had used to be a very, very large green day fan, so. Yeah, big fan. In fact, one of my weird core memories as a kid that I don't really know where it even, like, why it would be a memory that I remember so vividly, but in. It was either 8th grade or freshman year of high school. I think it was 8th grade. I sprained my ankle playing basketball in the school game. And I sprained it so badly that I had to stay home. And I was on crutches, and my mom taught at the school. So the next day I was home all by myself all day. And I remember watching TRL because that's what she did. And I. That was the debut of the song. What was the. Was it warning? No, it was. What was the last out. Last, like, really good album they did.
Speaker A: I think you're right. I think it's warning. That sounds right.
Speaker B: Yeah, it was the debut of warning. And I just remember watching it. Maybe it was american idiot.
Speaker A: Oh, you know what? Maybe that's. I think that's what it was. I think it was american idiot.
Speaker B: American Idiot is on that same album that you are.
Speaker A: I think maybe it's American Idiot is the name of the album.
Speaker B: It is. Because Jesus of suburbia is song number two.
Speaker A: That's amazing. Yeah. Underrated. I remember being like, green Day memories on Friday. I remember being. I don't know, like, nine or ten when I saw the video for. When I come around by Green Day.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And I just remember thinking, like. Like, it was like the. I was not. I was not into, like, nirvana as a kid. Like, green Day was kind of the first. I know they're not grunge, but, like, grunge adjacent band. I'm like. I remember watching the video and be like, this is completely different than anything I've ever seen. And was a big. Was a big green day fan as a kid.
Speaker B: Yeah. American idiot came out in 2004, which is exactly when I'm talking about I would have been in 8th grade. And that's it. There you go.
Speaker A: Good stuff. Now, did you grow up Catholic like me, bro.
Speaker B: I went to catholic school, okay? I thought, like, preschool to. From preschool to senior year, same.
Speaker A: I went to, like, Sunday school. I was. You know, I did the whole thing. I remember being a kid one time and, you know, jumping into my mom and dad's bed and saying, happy Good Friday. And my dad being like, it's not a happy day. Jesus died, and I was, like, completely ruined. Like, I was just a joyful little child looking to, you know, in preparation for, you know, egg hunting in a few days. Just trying to celebrate. That's. That's all I was trying to do, celebrate. And my dad just squashed it. Took all the joy out of it.
Speaker B: That is actually hilarious.
Speaker A: Isn't that funny? It's, like, core memory. Like, it's. It's in there. I remember, like, we don't celebrate Good Friday. Then why the fuck are we calling it Good Friday, daddy?
Speaker B: Yeah. Call it, like, miserable Friday. Call it terrible. Call it the most terrible Friday in the history of the world. Why don't you?
Speaker A: It's marketing 101, guys. Come on.
Speaker B: False advertising on the. On the excitement around this particular Friday.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I mean, why don't we call every other Friday Good Friday?
Speaker A: Yeah. How about that? These are great. These are great ideas.
Speaker B: Yeah. You know, what do you want to talk about today, by the way? Side note, my kid and I and my wife, we put my oldest, we put him to bed every night. And there's two things that we do before bed every night. And one is, you know, we ask him what he had fun doing today, and he tells us all the things that he had fun doing. And then he created this thing called talk about.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: And we're like, all right. And he's like, you want to talk about stuff? And we're like, sure. And so he goes, I want to talk about. And then he proceeds to talk about, like, kid stuff. Like, but. So he'll be like. He'll be like, want to talk about? But we're like, sure. And he's like, this. Like, this is how butt goes. And then he goes, it's amazing. Yeah. Real, real gem.
Speaker A: I love a funny kid.
Speaker B: Oh, and then he goes, want to talk about peepee? I'm like, well, maybe not, but, like, do you? And he's like, yeah, that's amazing. You know, I think. You know, I think my wife and I are decently funny. I think. So hopefully some of that rubs off on him, because I. If I could teach him two things in his whole life, it's, you know, just to be a nice person and be funny. That's it. Those are the two things. It'll get you very far.
Speaker A: It will get you absolutely far. Yeah, no, that's. That's what I'm looking for as well. You know, be funny. Be nice. You can be a little funny at this. At the expense of nice occasionally.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, like, you could talk about butt and pee pee every once in a while.
Speaker A: Exactly. Wait till, I mean, does he learn it? Has he learned about diarrhea yet? Because that is. That is comedy gold in this house. Like, diarrhea is like the funniest thing.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: In this house. Yeah. Big. Yeah. Wait till he gets to that. He's what? You know, I could see people.
Speaker B: People are going to listen to this show after the last three shows we've had and assume we're talking about a meme coin.
Speaker A: No, diarrhea is too long of a cash tag. It wouldn't work.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, that doesn't. Speaking of. All right, so you've titled this show something very interesting. Is it the last crypto bull market? I'm curious on why this is on your mind and what your thoughts are on it.
Speaker A: Well, as we come to the end of capitalism and the financial system that we've grown accustomed to over the past ten decades.
Speaker B: Getting real weird with it, huh?
Speaker A: I just. Yeah, real weird.
Speaker B: We're just going to start right with it.
Speaker A: Just turning it off to eleven? No, I do think I'm very cautious with the traditional markets right now. I don't know what's going to be happening. I just see, I mean, I feel like a black swan event could really ruin some things, like, globally. And then couple that with. We've talked about this for the last little bit, both you and I think this is going to be the biggest bull market of crypto that we've ever seen. Bitcoin is going to have, um, you know, it's probably going to see six digits at some point this year. Um, you know, ethereum could see, you know, I know a lot of people have, like, ten k. Ethereum on. On their brain. Solana could see, you know, I've. I've heard up to $1,000 per Solana, which would be, you know, which would.
Speaker B: Be nuts, bro, if that happens, I'm going to be sick at how much Solana I've yeeted out into the world this past couple weeks. Holy shit. My God.
Speaker A: And I mean, these are all in the realm of possibility, these numbers. So once those. Not once those kind of plateaus are hit, you know, there's going to be a pullback in the market. Right. Once new retail comes in, which we all know it has not happened yet. We've. We've stressed this has been p two p for the last probably two years.
Speaker B: Aggressively aggressive. It's so aggressive, man. Holy cow. I can't even.
Speaker A: Yeah, we're just playing. It's. The pie has not grown. Everybody's just buying pie to sell pie at a higher. At a higher price.
Speaker B: The price of pie today is not the price of yesterday.
Speaker A: Correct. So over the next however many months, we will see new retail come into the market, which will inflate it, which will pump our bags.
Speaker B: It's going to be, believe this narrative. Is this, like, your belief? Because it is my belief.
Speaker A: At least it's the only way we get to the numbers we think they're going to get to. Like, we're not going to get to $150,000 bitcoin with the people that are in the market currently. It's not going to happen.
Speaker B: Not even. Not even on bitcoin?
Speaker A: That's what I'm saying.
Speaker B: Wow. You think not even on bitcoin, huh?
Speaker A: No, I think we don't get to 150k without new participants. Yes. Even on bitcoin. I mean, that's what I think. Doesn't mean I'm not a Harvard economist, but that's what I do think that. So once we hit the. I'm kind of looking at, like, 2025. 2025. After what I predict, everything's going to be said and done, and we're in the midst of the pullback and we go into the next bear market. Will we. Is this kind of like the last really fun time in crypto? That's kind of what I'm thinking. Like, is it. Are we going to be grinding it out the same way we are now? Are we going to have the same sort of shenanigans that are happening now in order, you know, that provide us opportunities to make money? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. So that's kind of what's been on my mind. Is this our last attempt to make that life changing money?
Speaker B: I think it is.
Speaker A: I think you're right. I'm with you on that one. I do think it is.
Speaker B: I think this right now, it's why I'm so. Gosh, I was listening, I see cap down in the audience, and I was listening to coffee with Captain this morning, and I was listening to Cap's perspective on, you know, how he's approaching the market, and it is so opposite of the feeling I have where basically his TlDR was, hey, my assumption is I'm not going to do as well this time as I did last time and.
Speaker A: Did extremely well last time, though.
Speaker B: Yeah. And I'm sitting here, like, the feeling I am having is like, I'm pressing, right? Like, I'm like, oh, shit, I better do as. Like, I better do this. It's my last chance, is how I feel. And that's a bad thing because I find myself pressing. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: I feel the exact same way. Even as bullish as we are, I have. This is. I was gonna say it's the highest anxiety I've had in the crypto market, but really, it isn't. The highest anxiety was, like, February, March, April 2018. Like, that was. I mean, that was just absolutely bad.
Speaker B: Just, like, aped the top with your life savings. What did you like? I don't blame you for anxiety.
Speaker A: That was the highest anxiety, but conviction was there, so that was good. This is probably the second highest anxiety I've ever had because I feel the same way. I'm like, this is it, like this. I can't fuck up. I can't fumble the bag. Like, I gotta make that. That number that I have in my head this time. And I do feel stressed about it. I think about, like, sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night and was like, fuck, I'm like this. Like, I gotta do it, I gotta do it. And I do feel like you said you kind of rush yourself a little bit, right? Where you don't wanna over trade. You wanna. And I'm trying to tell myself this at the same time. So I'm not over trading, but I'm like, well, if I'm not over trading, I can't get into that. I won't be able to hit that hundred x that I is going to make the difference, or, you know, what have you. So, no, I do feel high anxiety this time in the framework that I think this might be the last really good opportunity to make money.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Is this just going to be pure anxiety between the two of us, bro?
Speaker B: I mean, look, I am so far, I am failing, like, miserably.
Speaker A: Okay? So that being said, we are in March of, you know, the 2024 is, I think, is going to be the really nice year. It's going to be a very big year. But we're in March of 2024, still very early. You know, I do think we have between now and the end of the summer to slowly build positions that we want you know, make gains here and there. And then October to December is gonna be like, you know, hold onto your butts time. Like, that's. That's when the big. So we have time. We're not late to the game in that sense, so there's still lots of time. We just can't rush ourselves, and we can't. Oh, geez. I'm just looking at one of my bags. 90% down. Okay. All that said, I'm gonna end the show here.
Speaker B: I will share a story with you if you'd like.
Speaker A: Yeah, please make me feel better. And if anybody does want to come up, by the way, if anybody wants to come up and tell me and bunch that, you know, we're doing well, that it's not over.
Speaker B: Hey, do you have. What was I going to say to you? Do you have, like, how much knowledge in depth does your wife have about what we. What we do here and to the size of it?
Speaker A: The. The magical world that my wife lives in is everybody wants to live there. She has. She just sees money go into the bank account, doesn't know what's happening. Like, you know, money's there when she needs it, and. And that's really it. She doesn't know the scale we're dealing with. She doesn't know the fluctuations that we deal with. She only really knows when it's the top, because I'll be like, hey, look how much money I made today. And then you show her the phone, and then that's literally the top. And then you either convert everything to USDC or you go hide in your office, and then she asks you a couple of days later, and then you kind of. You're snippy with her, and it's. The whole thing, it's. It's not good.
Speaker B: You're snippy with her when you, uh.
Speaker A: Because I. Because I round trip that bag.
Speaker B: I show God, brother. Yeah. It impacts my mood so much more than it. Then I hope that I'm. I hope it to. Yes. Um. Yes, I feel that, um. Well, so I asked that because my wife similarly, um, super supportive of everything that I do and. Same. Right. Like, I'm the breadwinner. She stays. She is a stay at home mom, and she doesn't really have to ever think about it. It's just kind of there, and. But I'm. I would say I'm very risky as a. As a person. Right? Like, I view our money as a tool to make more money. Right. And so I am very risky in that sense. Like, I obviously have a line, because I have a family of four that I have to provide for, but at the same time, I'm out in these streets trying to make money. You know what I mean? Like. And so I had to have a very difficult conversation with myself the other day because, like, I lost the biggest bet I'd ever made in my life on, you know, one of my bags. And, uh, didn't feel great. I was, like, depressed about it. I was, it was very impacting my mood, all of this stuff. And I sold a bag that I had probably, God, 200 soul in for 90% loss. 90 fucking insane and 90% loss. And I, you know, so I was tell, I was telling her about it and she told her about it. Oh, yeah.
Speaker A: Oh, you're, you're much better than I am.
Speaker B: And yesterday she kind of just came over to me and she was like, hey, shake it off and don't worry about it. She's like, you have been doing this a long time. You've got it. And I was like, oh, that's exactly what I needed to hear.
Speaker A: Can you have Santa Claus send me a text message later today?
Speaker B: Holy cow. Like, I was, I was floored, honestly. She's like, I don't care. She's like, I don't care what the number was. I don't care about any of it. She's like, you always take care of us, and you will this time, and it's fine. And I was like, all right. And she goes, but if you keep acting like this, you are gonna, you're gonna just keep losing. I'm like, huh? Well, well, then. And since then, I've just proceeded to lose. Just kidding, just kidding, just kidding. No, we're doing decently. However, we did buy a new bag today. Chamber.
Speaker A: Okay, let me hear about it.
Speaker B: You bought it too, I think.
Speaker A: Oh, I did.
Speaker B: You tweeted about it at least.
Speaker A: Oh, I did.
Speaker B: I'm looking at you just pumping my own. You're just pumping my bags.
Speaker A: I like to pump everybody's bags except for mine.
Speaker B: Okay, well, cats are the new thing. So we bought a cat bag today.
Speaker A: Yes, we did buy a cat bag today.
Speaker B: We bought a low cap cat gem is what we're calling this one. Huh?
Speaker A: Yeah, no, I think at least for this 24 hours period, cat is the current meta.
Speaker B: Cat is the meta. Yeah.
Speaker A: And yeah, we bought magic Internet cat.
Speaker B: Yeah. Good.
Speaker A: I feel like those are decent. Yeah. Like, those are amazing words for a meme coin ticket.
Speaker B: Pretty, pretty decent meme. The arts. Cool. Whatever. Uh, but the chart looks very, very good. Uh, it's currently sitting around a $320,000 market cap. I. Dude, I found this thing this morning at like sixty k and I wrote it all the way up to, gosh, 600. Then I sold it. And then I'm, while I was just watching it, watching it, watching it, and I'm like, oh, this is nothing. This is not a pump and dump token. There's actually something going on here. So I've now DC made my way into a pretty decent sized bag and just waiting to see if this thing pops. I think with cat things going on and a little juice could get a couple million dollar valuation in which that would be really nice, a nice win. So come on, magic Internet cat, what are you, what are your thoughts?
Speaker A: I thought the same thing. Volume looks okay. It's still under a million dollars. This could be one of the, we were talking on Tuesday about the feeling. I'm like, this one gave me some feels. I'm like, I like it. Magic Internet cat meme's cool. Volume is good. It didn't just, you know, absolutely rocket and then die, you know, it's, you see a lot of, like, pullbacks and then recaptures. Pullback. Recapture. We just had a pullback. And then as we started the show, it started, it tapped all time high again. So, you know, it's looking. This is, this is a good one. I'm keeping my eye on this one. Every pull after the first pullback, every pullback, I, you know, bought more.
Speaker B: Dude, look at that. I mean, it's just like, technically beautiful chart right now.
Speaker A: It really is. I'm on the 15 minutes right now and it looks.
Speaker B: I'm getting dirty on the five minute. Oh, the 15 minutes looks even better. Holy.
Speaker A: Right? Hey, everybody, just want to take a quick minute to thank you for listening to this show. If you're interested in joining the conversation, you can follow us on Twitter. We do a live show every Tuesday and Friday at 04:00 p.m. eastern. Please subscribe to the show on Apple, podcast, Spotify, or wherever you're listening to this right now. Let's get back to the show.
Speaker B: So I had been just kind of like blindly DCA ing here because I'm like, oh, man, this is looking nice. I'm going to build back. As we got onto the show, I was like, oh, I should probably take a look at. So, so here's what happened with this token, by the way, the big dip in the beginning, apparently the dev had a bunch of different wallets and he dumped all these wallets at like seven hundred k. And so that was the dip. It got eaten up pretty good. And now it's, you know, you see this all the time, community takeover going on. So everybody's kind of doing their part to accumulate and see what happens here. And I was doing the same mostly just because it looked really, really technically good. I'm like, okay, that was wave one. This is going to gear up for wave two. Nothing in the way. And so I go look at the distribution while we're on the. As soon as we jumped on to the show, uh, I somehow. Dude, this is not good. I'm the. I'm the fourth biggest holder.
Speaker A: I have a bag, but I don't think I'm the fourth biggest holder.
Speaker B: Well, you're not, because I am third after, um. Third, if you don't count the radium pool. Yeah. So. Jesus, take the wheel. Well, I gotta tell you, if there's any magic Internet cat holders out there. Look, you don't have to worry about me dumping on you for quite some time. This. You know, I just said I gotta. I gotta make my wife happy here, so I'm holding for Valhalla, you know.
Speaker A: That's right. I mean, that's it. That's exactly right.
Speaker B: I'm trying to a couple hundred million dollar market cap on my magic Internet cat and everything. Just looking up, right. Everything's coming up, Milhouse.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, I'm safe. I'm the 38th.
Speaker B: I'm going to dump so hard on you.
Speaker A: Yeah, I feel much better. I hate it when I'm not. I'm number one or, like, in the top five. It's never works out for me.
Speaker B: It's terrifying. However, I got to say, like, there is some level of comfort in the sense that it's like, okay, I don't need to worry about too many people dumping a bag on me. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: That's true. That's a good point.
Speaker B: I don't need to worry about anybody dumping a bag on me in the sense of some of these tokens people have. Four, five, six, 7%. And you're just like, oh, you can't do anything. Uh, you're free and clear on magic Internet cat for at least, uh, 1.7698% of the supply.
Speaker A: That's all right. That's all. That's good.
Speaker B: Dude, I had no idea I had that much. I didn't realize. I guess that's what happens when you, you know, this is an early level. Yeah.
Speaker A: You said you bought it at, what, like $60,000, $30,000 something like that.
Speaker B: Oh. I bought my first bag there and then I've just been kind of buying. I bought the dip to 94k. Man. I gotta tell you. Everybody can joke around about ta on meme coins. It works better ta on meme coins works better than ta on anything I've ever seen.
Speaker A: I love it. That's fantastic.
Speaker B: Well I mean the whole game is psychology and that's what. That's what a chart is. You know what I mean? It's crazy. So hopefully I'm going to make it all back and then some on that 90% massive loss that I took. Um. And we'll. We'll see. However. I'm not uh. I'm not certain that that 90% loss I took isn't just me selling the absolute pico bottom. And that's going to just rock it back to where it was. Are you a are you a don't look back guy or like when you. You know in the.
Speaker A: This is a good point. This is a good question here.
Speaker B: Are you on are you we now we used to do this. We used to preach this all the time on in NFT season. Which was like don't look back at the pre reveals you've sold. Yeah. Right.
Speaker A: Easier said than done.
Speaker B: Yeah. And it's the same here. Right. It's like. It's actually easier to look here. You just bring up the chart sometimes.
Speaker A: You still have it up.
Speaker B: Yeah. What camp. What camp do you fall into? Yeah. I mean look. My ADH brain. ADHD brain with. Let's see. Let's just do a quick count. 72 Google tabs open. 72. There's definitely an old charter too on there.
Speaker A: I have a very conservative 23 tabs open. So that's.
Speaker B: God. I have 23 tabs open on one browser.
Speaker A: It's amazing. Yeah. No.
Speaker B: I have like in fairness I have like 60 inches of browser. I mean of monitor that I'm working with. So that's all right. Yeah. So like I can fit. You know.
Speaker A: Big monitor energy.
Speaker B: Yeah. You know. Look. I wasn't going to say it but you know. I'm not going to. I'm not going to disagree.
Speaker A: No. I am a don't look bad guy. So I just. I mean how much. How much can change in 48 hours? On the last show I was talking about my small conviction Baghdad. And I'd literally cut it loose today. In between the last show and this show they got approved on Kucoin which I thought was going to be.
Speaker B: Which a couple days ago would have been really bullish.
Speaker A: Yeah. And then nothing happened. And I was just like, well, well.
Speaker B: Didn'T something happen with Kucoin specifically? Like, did they get in trouble somewhere?
Speaker A: So I did hear I did it. Well, I don't mean here. I saw on the timeline something about some execs from Kucoin getting arrested. I just saw a tweet about that. I actually didn't follow it up to look, you know, to actually look it up, but I did see that. So I'm not actually sure if that's accurate or not. But that was on the timeline at some point a couple of days ago, I think literally the same day, which did not help. So, yeah, it didn't move the needle at all. And then I'm like, well, I'm just going to cut this loose and take that soul and use it elsewhere. Like, we talk about a lot, right? Conviction plays are one thing, but if it's just not doing anything, sometimes it is better to. To get out of that position so you can utilize that capital and other, you know, in other volume.
Speaker B: I had to do it because, like, I just had to do the same thing. And I was. It was killing me because, like, it was causing me stress, not the fact that I was down 90%, because, like, you know, it is what it is. The fact that I. The fact that I had the dilemma of, like, do I sell this because I need it now to, you know, make it all Mia b. Meow. I needed to.
Speaker A: Mia still hasn't caught on, by the way.
Speaker B: Dude, honestly, you're just too early. Before your time. Like, you launched this presale meta. If you would have launched this during this pre sale meta, you'd have been a gazillionaire, right?
Speaker A: Yeah. Just so upsetting. But, yeah. Um, still. Still tons of liquidity on that one, guys. If anybody is looking to make a long term move, I got one.
Speaker B: I got one. Well, let's just, like, you know, let's make a couple. Let's make a big bag on something, right? Then we'll take some of our soul and we'll, you know, do what all the cool kids are doing and just pay all the influencers to call it out. That's. Because that's definitely what everybody's doing.
Speaker A: Yeah, no kidding. What's. Who is the best influencer, uh, to reach out to, because I'm honest.
Speaker B: Well, I'll tell you. I'll tell you what they cost. What they cost, because I know I. I have. I have far too much information on what Solana shitcoin influencers cost these days. You get yourself into one community takeover coin and now all of a sudden you get to see what happens behind the dirty scenes. Uh, the, the going rate for Solana influencers is roughly half a percent of your supply plus some sort of cash considerations.
Speaker A: Half a percent of your supply plus cash.
Speaker C: Guess, guess what? Coffee with captain is going to be sponsored by next week.
Speaker B: Solana influencer make it all back? Yeah, just give cap a couple percent of that.
Speaker A: Hopefully I get a hometown discount.
Speaker C: I'm just going to drop this as a surprise on Steve. Please don't, don't, don't share this. He happens to catch the recording. So be it. But he's going to be so mad.
Speaker B: He's told me he had, he told me had a call at four. So you're, he's never going to listen to this cap.
Speaker A: So you get the entire half percent.
Speaker B: Well, I mean, look, it's funny, the, the thing with that is half a percent at a zero market captain is doable, right? If you're a developer, you're just, you've got a long, you've got a large supply. It's a marketing budget. Most of these tokens have some sort of budget for this type of thing where it's very tough, I would say is in these kind of community takeover situations where you're actually then asking other people at a meaningful market captain to pitch in to do something like this. And that's where it gets like really kind of gross feeling and murky. Do you know what I mean?
Speaker A: Oh yeah, yeah. No, I agree.
Speaker B: Because once the, once the token has some sort of meaningful market cap, I would say, you know, probably in the couple, I would say anything over two or 300k like quarter million dollar markup, that's meaningful money you're putting into it. A token. Right? Like now you're asking people to, in these community takeover situations to like go into their own bag, to pump their own bag so that they'll go dump it on somebody later. It just feels very, yeah, it's, I feel like it's very different than, you know, when you're the dev and you're just starting out and it's when marketing and all this stuff and you don't have a market cap of any meaning yet. You're not asking community to do shit. You know what I mean? Like there's a difference there to me. I don't know. What do you think?
Speaker A: I agree. I mean it's definitely something I think about. I'm like, I don't like the idea of using marketing that much when you have a meme coin. You get so many DM's from, like, absolute, just scammy individuals. And I'm like, well, this is not what we want.
Speaker B: What you want, ideally, there's certainly a crew on Solana that.
Speaker A: Oh, my goodness.
Speaker B: That runs together on the influencer streets, for sure.
Speaker A: Yeah. So, like, you know, you try to figure, ideally, what you want is somebody with some sway to find it organically and see how great of a meme it is and see that it's been around for. What are we going on? Two months? Almost two months.
Speaker B: Three months. Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. So that's, I think that's fantastic for a meme coin.
Speaker B: Now, have you ever thought about maybe changing the mascot?
Speaker A: I mean, can you do that? I feel like, well, the only thing.
Speaker B: You can't do, the only thing you can't do, technically, is, like, your wallet symbol.
Speaker A: Yeah. Which I think that's what it is.
Speaker B: That is. That is on chain.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So from, from my understanding, the wallet, the, like, thing that the icon that shows up in your wallet on soul is on chain, which surprises the hell out of me. So that means that there's a certain number of places you can't change it. Right? So, like yours, your phantom wallet, they pull from on chain data. A couple other places pull from, like, the on chain data, but everywhere else, you can kind of change it as you wish. Were you asking if that's possible from the technical standpoint or because you already have, quote unquote branding?
Speaker A: Both. I would say both. We have branding. There's memes and stuff already out. But I also wasn't sure if you were able to change the, the ticker symbol. So it shows up in, like, you know, like you said, like, the phantom wallet and stuff like that.
Speaker B: It's not that the ticker I would choose. It's literally the guy.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sorry. The symbol on, like, phantom and the solana chain.
Speaker B: Yeah. You need, like, a poor looking wojak, like, fried out traitor as your, as your mascot. You know what I mean? Somebody who really needs to meab.
Speaker A: I see this is. There are a lot. My only thought on that, is there? I feel like there's a lot of those wojak guys.
Speaker B: Sure, sure. Of course. Yeah.
Speaker A: So the one we created is just a literally, I forget what the command prompt was for. Like, an AI generated. Like.
Speaker B: Maybe that's the thing, too. I've seen more and more AI generated logos, and I feel like they are quickly getting dismissed as viable. They have kind of scam vibes written all over them. Right. Because it takes less effort to spin something like that up. The problem is, like, using real art memes is like, okay, you need an artist or a way to recreate that. Right. That's. That's tough.
Speaker A: It is.
Speaker B: But luckily, there's an app for that I created with my little hive three buddies. We created a GPT that will actually allow you to insert any image that you want, and it'll meme it.
Speaker A: Really?
Speaker B: Yeah. Pretty cool, because I was like, hive three could be useful for meme coin communities. Like, all this is a content carnival.
Speaker A: You know, when Hive three meme coin is the question.
Speaker B: Hmm. Maybe. Never know. Never know. I three. Hive three very much lends itself to tokenization. That's all I can say there. It's. It's something I've considered. So, you know, when farming, that's the thing. You're going to see hive three popping up all over the the war room's Twitter accounts late in a couple weeks. No, I'm just joking. Phonics does say, though, in the DJ and shitcoin channel, agree on the TA take in terms of it working on meme coins because of psychology. He said it worked perfectly with Hammy. A couple. You guys in Hammy? You and Hammy?
Speaker A: I got. I got. I got in on Hammy.
Speaker B: Oh, you got that little hamster wheel now running.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's going, it's going.
Speaker B: Are you the third or fourth biggest holder?
Speaker A: I am not.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: Fifth, maybe top ten if I have to go back and look, but, yeah, it's not bad. I like Amy. I think Amy's a good one.
Speaker B: I can't be. I cannot go to sleep being the top three holder of something. Can I? Like, I have to. I have to get out.
Speaker A: No, you're fine in this one.
Speaker B: You think?
Speaker A: In. In magic Internet cat?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I mean, what are we talking about? It's a $350,000 market cap. You can absolutely sleep.
Speaker C: And it's a cat.
Speaker B: It is a cat.
Speaker C: A magical one.
Speaker B: It is, Matt. And on the Internet, it's magic. And it also. Is there one that's on eth called magic Internet cache?
Speaker A: Because there is one on ETH called magic Internet cash.
Speaker B: There you go. Now just confuse one for the other and send my bag to Valhalla. What do you think?
Speaker A: It's very simple.
Speaker B: It's funny. All right, let's go to hands first cap, then t row. T row, I know is going to hard pitch me on pepe coins. He's almost there. Like, I literally have had ten conversations in the last day. About based AI and pepe coins. And I might be, I might be moseying on over. I feel like I'm late, but they keep telling me I'm nothing. So I think I have a sign on my back that says exit liquidity. I'm not sure. Can you check for me chamber?
Speaker A: Yeah, I'll.
Speaker B: Okay, thanks, Cap. Gm.
Speaker C: Gm. So real quick, just kind of semi serious, high level. If both of you think this is the last cycle where we have blow off tops, what does that mean for the next bear? Because part of my planning, even though I'm still taking swings for, you know, to hit one, this, this cycle, it's really, I want to be in great position for next bear, but, but the fomo now is like, is there, is there going to be those opportunities next bear based on what the two of you think of this being the last blow off top?
Speaker B: Yeah, good question. Chamber, what do you think?
Speaker A: So I'll be, I'll go on the record, cap, and I've heard the same people back in, you know, 2018, 2019 say the exact same thing I'm saying today. Just to be, just to be fair, I think after you're, you've gone through a couple of cycles, you just automatically start assuming that this is going to be the, the next one's going to be the last one. We could easily. The more I start thinking about it, just because we hit 100 or whatever, we hit this cycle, say we had $200,000 bitcoin, the cryptocurrency market, in order to even hit like the. I forget what, you know, they compare it to other markets all the time, and it's so infinitesimal compared to some of these markets that even the bear market comes in 2025 or 2026 even. They'll still be, realistically, there'll still be opportunities. My thought is it'll just get significantly smaller as the increase in the crypto market will grow at a smaller rate than it has in the past. And that's exactly what you could say for the past 3456 cycles.
Speaker B: Right. You're buying bitcoin here, hoping for two x, not a 20 x. Correct. So that's going to keep happening, and it's going to happen with ETH. It's going to happen with all the majors. And then, so your major coins at some point are going to be kind of gassed out from an upside potential. But I think what happens then is your bear market vibes go back to, it's the same thing that happened here or in this last cycle where it goes back to PvP. I think you need to get people to get the level of. So I guess first define what I think PvP versus Pve is in a bull market scenario right now. I think we're still in PvP where, and you can see that every day in the Solana meme coin streets where people are just rotating from one thing to the next, dumping on each other, and you're seeing massive swings in market caps from 10 million back to 100k. Like crazy stuff. That's very PvP because you're sitting there and you're just kind of playing chicken with each other. Pve comes when you get retail in and kind of the whole people that are here right now are already in or sidelined and you kind of just sit and wait and everything goes up around you because it's not you playing against your friends anymore or like youre, your web three friends anymore. It's the masses are coming and you're comfy in your bags, right? And then eventually that blows off and goes away. Everybody, the late people panic this, the early money gets out and rinse and repeat for, you know, years until the next cycle. But I think, like, from, from a majors standpoint like that, that's, I think where you're getting at from the last opportunity standpoint, I think you could see eth to. That's probably. But then what next? Bear market, it dips to five k and you run it all back, but you're probably capped on upside.
Speaker A: I don't know, that's kind of, you look at the price of gold, right? It gets to a certain point and it just fluctuates. It's rare that you're going to see, you know, gold is not gonna forex its all time high.
Speaker B: Like, there's going to be a point where you get to a bitcoin price, where you're going to get to a point where the bitcoin price, where it's no longer a good investment and it will turn into a good store of value. Right, like that.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker B: That's the end game, in my opinion, for something like bitcoin. Similar with ETH, except Ethan deflationary. So you never kind of like that. Could more people pile in? More people pile in and start using it? I actually have this very totally alien take on ETH and Solana and things like that. When it comes to our upcoming AI overlord future, I actually think you're actually going to see AI agents that live on the blockchain that use machine currency. So, like, I think stuff like ETh smart contract layers are going to be around and fruitful for a long time. But I think, like, bitcoin, I definitely think you top out at some point where you're not, cap, you're not sending group texts to your buddies saying, hey, get into bitcoin. It's going to go two, three, x and don't miss out. Instead it'll be, hey, you should really think about putting your retirement in bitcoin because it is a sound store of value. Right? So I think that's kind of what I envision it from. Like, if we're talking about, oh, this is the last major crypto bull run like that. Cap, what do you think?
Speaker C: Yeah, it makes sense. I think it's still hard for me to see something like eth go from twenty k to five k, right? Like, I think maybe, maybe the pullbacks to that point, who knows? But if we're not going to see the blow off tops, the pullbacks probably aren't as extreme either.
Speaker B: No, that's true. No, I would say that's true. Like, that's a totally. I would agree with that, especially with ETH, because it's deflationary. But I'm just saying, like, historically we've seen bear market pullbacks of 85, 90%. I mean, don't forget we did see $800 ethos market at some point, right? So, like, from, from 4k. So we almost got 90% of the way there. And we thought, you know, the party was never going to end. So, yeah, it's interesting, but, like, and then it'll go back and the PvP arena will just be bigger because some people will stay around and there's always opportunities. Like, we're playing in a market and a market that's not efficient or regulated. So there's a lot of opportunity all the time. It's just like when you're thinking about a bull market, I think. When I think full bull, it's like things going up two, three x every day, and you don't even have to. You just throw a dart like, you. It was like NFT summer in 2021, but it didn't matter. Everything minted out. Everything went ten x. Collect your bags and you know that. And pay your taxes, you know? Right chamber. Right.
Speaker A: What day is it today? March 29.
Speaker B: Getting there. I haven't done it either. I got to get there soon. Holy cow.
Speaker A: But I want to get a nice ten x before we start looking to pay some taxes. I gotta get some of that liquidity.
Speaker B: Life savings and magical Internet cat, and.
Speaker A: They can't take my money if I don't have it anymore.
Speaker B: And you'll get there in no time, right? Speaking of, speaking of federal prison, SBF got sentenced yesterday. That was. Were you surprised at the sentence? Did you think that was about the right thing or.
Speaker A: No, I mean, it's, it's absolute horseshit. 25 years.
Speaker B: Cause that's what I think, too. And I heard some takes that were like, oh, that's about right, or, oh, just happy it's over. And I'm like, nope, fuck that. The guy should be toast.
Speaker A: And for the record, I texted, I'm glad you brought this up because I completely forgot. I texted you. And I don't know if this is a Mandela effect in my, in my own head or I'm just a big dummy, but I'd be curious to know what the other people think when you think so with the SPF stuff. And my wife, she's like, oh, cryptoking. Got sentenced to 25 years. I'm like, who the fuck is the cryptoking? I'm like, oh, Sam Bankman freed. I'm like, oh. I'm like, 25 years. She had the news before I did. And I said, oh. I'm like, that's crazy. And I'm like, well, how much did what's his name get from Enron? From like, you know, like how much prison time? And she's like. And she starts googling it and she starts saying some names. I'm like, no, no, no. Like the guy from Enron, like the guy he got sentenced to, like, I forget how much it was, but he got sentenced to a lot of time. And she's like, I don't see it anywhere.
Speaker B: You thinking, what was the name I said?
Speaker A: I forget.
Speaker B: You thought you were talking about Bernie Madoff.
Speaker A: Bernie Madoff. I associated Bernie Madoff with Enron for whatever reason. That is incorrect, apparently. But I would be curious to know if anybody else thought Bernie Madoff was associated with Enron because I was a shock. I was in shock when I.
Speaker B: You're actually thinking of L. Ron Elrond Hubbard.
Speaker A: Oh, really? Is that.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's the Scientology guy.
Speaker A: Oh, I see. He did scam a lot of people too.
Speaker B: What do you mean? I went to Scientology school for twelve years. The. Alright, let's go around the horn here, but. So Ken lay is who you were talking about?
Speaker A: No, I was talking about Bernie Madoff.
Speaker B: Sorry, Ken lay is the Enron guy? Yes. You were talking about Bernie Madoff. Who got, who did get like, yeah, got a bunch of celebrities, almost life.
Speaker A: I think he got like I checked.
Speaker B: Well, Bernie Madoff. Bernie Madoff was the Ponzi guy.
Speaker A: Yeah. For whatever reason, I thought Enron was also a ponzi, but yeah, he was the one. I think he got like 35, 40 years, something like that.
Speaker B: Yeah, he got. He got toasted. And this should have been similar. I'm surprised it.
Speaker A: I thought more. I thought, whatever Bernie Madoff got, I thought he should have.
Speaker B: I thought Sam, Bernie Madoff. Easy.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Should have gave him the chair, you know?
Speaker A: He sure did. He sure did. Bernie made off easy. That's so funny.
Speaker B: Anyway, anyway. All right, t row, show me.
Speaker D: Yes. I'm gonna throw you into a volcano, much like the scientologists well do, or whatever they do in Elrond, and aliens and fire and brimstone.
Speaker A: I believe there is a volcano involved.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's a whole story. There's many books that they'll sell you. It's just like goosebumps. It's quite a story. But if you look in the comments for this show, for those that can't see, I basically posted the receipts exposing bunch you. And I'm very sorry for your peppy soul loss. I actually bought in twice a in the peppy soul. And I was like, I don't know, man. Like I'm looking at.
Speaker B: I'm like, come on, do it for me. You are. You are much smarter than I am. And that's why you're up. Ten x on your twelve, x on your. Your pepe coins bag. And I'm here with all of my eggs in some magic Internet cat basket. There you go.
Speaker D: Well, my run started with another magic Internet cat named C with Cat with I two x cap with cat with hat. I two x about 14 soul with cat with hat. And somehow it morphed into peppy, peppy coins on eth. And now I'm staking 16,100 peppy coins to earn based AI.
Speaker B: And I'm 16,000. Let's go.
Speaker D: Yeah. Yeah. I did sell off at 369 for the culture. And immediately you got it capitulated and sold and bought back in immediately as the price. Like, I thought I'd go back down and it didn't. And it went over $4. Almost over $4. I bought back in at 393.
Speaker B: So from my understanding, it is somewhat designed to not do what you thought it was going to.
Speaker D: Yes, I've since learned that and been been absolutely roasted. My toes have been exposed in some. Some Twitter posts. I am mistakenly buying my cereal and unboxing. I took a picture of my left.
Speaker B: Oh, you sent a feet. You sent a feet pic out to the Internet. That should have been. That should have been.
Speaker D: I didn't even notice it. And then once I saw it and it was already out in the Twitter world, I was like, well, fuck it. Buckle up, t row. You're going for a tow ride.
Speaker B: So chamber tow rides is something you can only ask for on your birthday.
Speaker A: That's right. I mean, maybe New year's Eve if we get drunk enough.
Speaker B: If you stay up late enough. I don't even stay up late enough.
Speaker D: You might need some magic mushrooms to get me there.
Speaker B: Or just a magic Internet cat. You never know.
Speaker A: I need to highlight. I can't let it go unnoticed. T rose, pronunciation of Pepe instead of Pepe. And I'm wondering how.
Speaker D: It's a Cleveland pronoun. It's a Cleveland. I've asked around. I've asked many of my friends. Now I keep explaining to them and tell them to buy in because they're a bunch of noobs and they don't know us. They don't know my djen ways. So, yeah, everyone says peppy, so I don't fight it. I know it's Pepe and Spanish of origin, but I. These Cleveland yokels can't get there, so we're at. We're at Pepe.
Speaker A: All right, I get it. I see you guys from across the water there. I know you guys mess around, so. Okay. No, I wasn't sure if I was just saying wrong.
Speaker B: So was hearing somebody on a space pronouncing a peepee the other day. No, dude, I was dying.
Speaker A: Like, not ironically.
Speaker B: Not ironically. I was dying. I was literally deceased. It was. It was great. But t ro, I think you and the cronies finally got to me. Between you and Fanzo and your fearless leader, Ben Cohen, has been preaching the pepe coins and based AI for quite some time, and I've just took. I've been too long on the uptake, so I'm going to be making some moves over there, probably next week after magic Internet cat sends me to valhalla. I think hopefully that's the plan. The chamber. We got a couple minutes left. I want to get to outer, and then I think our new segment is going to be meme of the week, where we're going to suggest a meme to each other that could be a million dollar meme coin. What do you think?
Speaker A: Okay. I like it. I like it.
Speaker B: All right, first, we're going to outer. Outer GM. Congratulations on your MF or tokenization. Uh, sail and windfall this morning or this afternoon. How are you? She held her hand up too long.
Speaker A: Drowning in money.
Speaker B: Just drowning in money. That's it. Breaking news. She is Sartoshi.
Speaker A: Uh, what? So what happened with the Mfer thing tonight? I saw something.
Speaker B: Sartoshi came out of nowhere and, you know, like, they are one to do and just drops money in your pocket.
Speaker A: Fantastic. Fantastic. I have one work colleague that got into NFTs, kind of at the tail end of the last Nft bull market, and his first Nft purchase was an Mfer with me. We bought a whole bunch of them. He. He ended up selling at a loss.
Speaker B: Are you. Are you, like, trolling me?
Speaker A: I'm not trolling you at all.
Speaker B: Fuck you, man.
Speaker A: He. He talks about it all the time. It's like, ah, yeah, it's like MFR. I held mine. I can, I can diamond hand with the best of them.
Speaker B: Oh, you got some today?
Speaker A: Oh, no, no, sorry. When we, when we got these original. So, like, when Mfers first minted or shortly thereafter, I think we were buying them on the, like, on the, on Opensea as they were going live, and I think we at the time, bought them at a premium. They pulled back. He ended up selling at a loss, and then they subsequently took off like a month later and grew.
Speaker B: Are you trolling me? I can't tell. Like, I can actually tell. I'm not that smart, you know, I minted 20 of them and sold them at a loss, like a day.
Speaker A: He didn't mint them.
Speaker B: He.
Speaker A: Yeah, we. I think we.
Speaker B: And they ran to seven eth. They did.
Speaker A: And I had a couple.
Speaker B: I had 20.
Speaker A: No, I sold, like, I sold a couple at like five e. There's something like that. So I did okay on, on mfRs, but he, to this day, it's the only thing he ever got into. So I'll see him at, like, work functions and be like, Mfers. Mfers, very, very distraught.
Speaker B: All right, you got a. You got a meme idea? I got one.
Speaker A: What do you have?
Speaker B: Mine is going to make a blend on the cat meta that we're experiencing today. And it is a token. We're going to. The ticker will be Stevens and it'll be cat Stevens, and it'll just be a cat with cat Stevens face on it. What do you think?
Speaker A: I love, I'm a massive cat Stevens fan, so, yeah, 100%.
Speaker B: Steve's here.
Speaker A: So it's funny because I was thinking of also working on the cat meme, but what about cat nipples and cash?
Speaker B: I've got nipples. Craig, can you milk me?
Speaker A: Yeah. Cash. Like nips.
Speaker B: I like it.
Speaker A: I thought it would be fun.
Speaker B: Catnips.
Speaker A: Catnips.
Speaker B: Yeah. I think we got two. I think we got two winners.
Speaker A: Those are absolute baggage.
Speaker B: Cat Stevens and catnips. Yeah. These are both very good.
Speaker A: God dang fantastic. These are. If you do make this meme, you should absolutely airdrop us. Any of the tokens? 0.5%, to be specific.
Speaker B: Well, Steve probably came in and I said that. He has no idea why I said that. And he's about to find out on Monday. Monday's coffee with captain, sponsored by.
Speaker A: Catnips.
Speaker B: Catnips. Cap, we got. We got a .5% supply of Stevens for you, as well as nips coming your way right after the show. Just gonna spin those up. By the way, one thing we didn't talk about today that we definitely need to talk about on Tuesday, because I think the whole war room has a new gambling addiction. Uh, pump fun.
Speaker A: Pump fun is not for the faint of heart, dude.
Speaker B: It is not. By the way. I still think that we could. I think. I still think you could send one straight out, Max FOMO. You just need a group of people that actually care about each other to do it. And I think you could do it. But what? We could talk about that on Tuesday, but that is going to do it for us. Unless. Outer is there. Outer. Last call. Nope, that's it. That's going to do it for us. Until next time, keep the mic hot.
