Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am bunchu, alongside my esteemed colleagues and co hosts, chamber and Des Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: Doing good, man. Guess how many. Guess how many clothes I'm wearing right now. How many pieces of clothing I'm wearing in my hotel room.
Speaker A: Knowing the culture in Windsor, probably only like one or two.
Speaker B: Are we counting socks per sock?
Speaker C: I was gonna say one single sock.
Speaker D: And it ain't on.
Speaker A: Well, that's it. This is. I gotta go like this.
Speaker B: Monday morning. It's Monday, guys. It's Monday.
Speaker A: Hey, welcome to the show. Guess how much clothes chambers wearing. This is how we're gonna start it today. Over.
Speaker D: Under was seven.
Speaker B: It's under. It's under.
Speaker A: Des, do we have, do we have props today? Des?
Speaker D: We do not.
Speaker A: Well, hey, speaking of, make our own.
Speaker B: Props, speaking of props, we gotta talk about yesterday. The Super bowl was yesterday.
Speaker A: I was curious, do you actually watch the Super bowl? So, because you strike me, you strike me as a, an anti super bowler.
Speaker B: So I'm not going to go out of my way to watch it. So the plan yesterday was, you know, don't. Like, I wasn't planning on watching it, but I thought for whatever reason, I thought it started at like 01:00 turns out, incorrect. It starts much later than that.
Speaker A: So you watched the puppy bowl for 8 hours?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, exactly. But then turned out like, you know, I had, by the time my day was done and I had time to spare, the Super bowl was starting. So I turned it on. I wanted to see, you know, in the DJ network, you know.
Speaker A: Did you enter that?
Speaker B: I did. I did. I have the, I pulled up the leaderboard, too. So we can, we can make fun of people who didn't get as many points as.
Speaker A: It's so bad.
Speaker B: I know you did one point less than I did.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, I haven't, I haven't excuse for this, and I'd like to go on record with my excuse. We had guests over this weekend and, you know, a couple and their kid who is the same age as my son, and I wanted to, like, be inclusive of them. So I actually, like, crowdsourced the opinions on my entry, and so I got overruled on what I would have chosen a lot. I was like, super unhappy about it. And like I said, that's fair. I had to try to be very polite about it. I was trying to get, I wanted everybody to have the same rooting interest and all that, so I kind of knew I was toast from the get go, but I did. However, I unloaded quite a large bet on the Kansas City Chiefs after the. Yeah, I was teetering back and forth on if I wanted to take it pregame, all game or all day and I ended up deciding on the strategy that I was going to wait and see if Philly scored first and hit KC on the live line. That is exactly what happened after that first touchdown. I got Kansas City plus four and a half and it looked dicey for a little bit but they came through. Thank you, referees and ended up with a nice little multi eth payday on that one.
Speaker B: That's great. That's terrific. I thought there were some funny things at the kind of the top of the leaderboard. It looks like hookem heels. I don't know who that is. They won the how dare you do it. Is that you, Des? Did you win?
Speaker D: No, no, it's one of my good.
Speaker B: Nice, nice. So congratulations to hook em heels. But I was under the impression outer Lumen was not a sports ball person.
Speaker A: She's nothing.
Speaker B: She got fourth.
Speaker A: Yeah, she killed it. I mean, I knew that was gonna happen. It's how it works.
Speaker B: Amazing.
Speaker A: That's exactly how it works. And I told her that on Friday. I think I was like, well, when you, when you inevitably win this thing because that's how it works, you have to come on and give all of your strategy on coffee with captain. And that's what she did this.
Speaker B: Oh, did she?
Speaker A: Yeah. And she actually like went into it and gave some research. Like she actually went out of her way to learn the rules of football, which was, I thought really interesting. And she was already in the war room this morning asking when the next sports pool is. I told her March madness, probably the next one. So she's currently researching everything there is to know about college basketball and she's clearly going to win that one. That was not even doing research.
Speaker B: Bold strategy, cotton. Yeah, but it looks like Steve did pretty well. Sugar Shane did well.
Speaker A: Jay, why don't you read off the prize winners because that sounds like a good way to go. The top four.
Speaker B: Top four.
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker B: Okay, so the top four was so number one, hook em heels. Number two, t far, Tyford second t far and how we do it. Then fourth place was outer Lumen and then Sugar Shane and Steve just after that Buching was in there as well. It was nice. J web in 10th, uncle waffles in there as well. Some nice misses. Nft bark, you know, nice, nice job there. She's 14th, tied with TJ, JP Kaz. Like that was nice. I finished 51st out of 100 less than that. So, yeah, you were just under that. You were just under that. That's all right. My one regret. My one regrethe because I did it, you know, with the, with the idea I wasn't going to be watching it. And I wish the only real, the only, like, I didn't want to do any research on the actual game, the only thing I could have done better. So I got the under on the national anthem, which I thought was smart. I just feel the over has been overdone, you know what I mean? It's kind of like a joke that, like, how long national anthems go. So I felt under was, was the smart play there. But the over under on the Rihanna songs, I went under and immediately regretted my, my decision there. Rihanna's got so many bangers. It was, it was nonstop. So I don't know how many she actually ended up doing, but I know it was over ten.
Speaker A: I think it was 40.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think you're right. I think it was 40 number one hits. So besides that, I didn't watch the second half, so I watched the first half and then the halftime show and I called it a night. So who won? Who won? I don't even know.
Speaker A: The chiefs won.
Speaker B: That's good. That's good. Oh, no, I wanted the birds to win.
Speaker A: Go birds. Des, let's get to the part of the Super bowl that everybody's talking about. Did you scan your tv for the Digidaegaku commercial and give us your thoughts overall on, on the. Did you get the whole, your whole take here chamber? Did you even know this was a thing?
Speaker B: So I knew that they had some ad running, but then I heard like a week ago that the Super bowl banned any cryptocurrency ads, which I assumed included the digis. Apparently not.
Speaker A: No. I think that actually came out to be untrue, but I. Obviously it did. It wasn't true for that specific one either. But, yeah. Des, what was your thoughts here?
Speaker D: No, I did not scan to get a dragon.
Speaker B: Did you have to have.
Speaker D: No. Did you have to have something else? Or could you just raw mint it? Like, you didn't have to have a pre qualifier.
Speaker A: There was only a. Apparently a supply of around 5000 ish, and then there was another 5000 ish in a, held like a wallet. So I'm thinking that I think the 5000 were airdrop to holders or sweepstakes winners or something like that. And then there was about 5000 total to mint if you were one of the first couple, if you did not, if it was already sold out, by the way, I mean, if. If television mints are going to be the way of the future, I'm going. I'm going back to cable. Like, this is huge for the cable industry because I'll tell you right now, streaming services, you stood no chance. Like, you couldn't. I mean, I was a good 40 seconds behind and had no chance at actually minting this thing mostly. And it's, you know, obviously the numbers are not in your favor regardless. But, like, if you were on a streaming service that was lagging at all, you were toast. So, for cable. But if you were late Des, and you did not get to the mint. So what happened is if you were able to mint, if you were in the initial you were able to mint, you got taken to a site, it said mint now, and you had to have your wallet connected and everything like that. And if you were not, you got taken to Gabe's Twitter and basically asked to follow, like and retweet. So.
Speaker D: In multiple languages?
Speaker A: Multiple languages. So what are your thoughts overall here?
Speaker D: That particular part was a bad look. I think that's just. You could figure out a million better call to actions than that. Not only from a value standpoint, but an optics standpoint. The second part, though, I will say, is phenomenal execution on the tech part, the blockchain part of it, though. No huge gas war. No huge, you know, issues with the site crashing. I mean, that's honestly a million people, you know? Okay, maybe less than a million people, but I don't know how many scans they got.
Speaker A: I bet it's more than a million.
Speaker D: But an insane amount of traffic very rapidly. Incredible that the site held up. So from that standpoint, good. And then. Yeah, just the thought of a free, you know, what was it, like, $400 at one point being handed out via. Via a commercial? Pretty epic. That alone is pretty epic. So I don't know, it's. I'm conflicted because the follow Gabe thing was just so bad, but I gotta give it a BDE at least.
Speaker A: Okay. Maybe even a big, far better grade than I've heard most people give it today.
Speaker D: Well. Cause most people focus on that one piece, which is it, really?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I mean, he basically asked the entire world, who's active right now and got you to follow him. I mean, it was the entire. It was the best engagement farming I've ever witnessed. I mean, it makes these Twitter influencers look like just, you know, junior varsity. This was. This was engagement.
Speaker D: Eddie housed the farming for the rest of the year. I mean, he. He. Yeah, that was.
Speaker A: That was pretty. I'm actually thinking about, you know, how I can scrape. Scrape together enough to buy a Super bowl commercial next year just so I can engagement for my own Twitter. And, you know, what was the.
Speaker D: I think we had how much that.
Speaker A: Actually about seven or 8 million, I think it was. So, you know, but he definitely got. He got a lot of followers. Chamber, pro or con on Super bowl ad engagement farming. And. Are you already planning yours to get you over 10,000 followers?
Speaker D: He's busy. He's too busy to go off mute. He's working on.
Speaker B: Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Speaker A: He's putting on a second sock. Second sock. It's just. It's all so tiresome, really. It's just chamber. Can you. Are you gonna join us now?
Speaker B: I know. It keeps me. I keep.
Speaker A: Oh, my God, I hate doing the show. All right, des, I can't. Can, like, need. I need some help here.
Speaker D: Yeah. So let's just. Let's just. Let's keep it moving. What rating did you get?
Speaker A: I thought it was pretty terrible. I thought the more. The more and more I think about it. I mean, doing something like this via a commercial, I think is cool. I thought the Twitter thing was. The more and more I think about the Twitter thing, I actually think, like, it was a. It's a decent place to direct you, but there should have been something else to tell you. What the hell any of it actually is. If you're trying to onboard people or get people interested in a product that you're building, there was really not a lot there. So I don't know. I give it a d. There's a lot of other things I could have. I would love to have seen from a Super bowl commercial of this caliber, like, of the, you know, onboarding variety. I mean, I don't really think one way or another. So here's. Here's my stance on it. It's like, it's the thing that everybody's talking about in NFts today, which, if that's their goal, that is great. But I think there was a lot that could have been done to be the thing that everybody outside of NFTs is talking about today, and I don't think we got that as a result. I think anybody who saw this commercial who did not, who wasn't already in web three and nfts, nobody's talking about it today. They don't care. They don't know what it is. They maybe never scanned it. Prop likely never scanned it. So I think, you know, a missed opportunity overall. But, yeah, that's what I got on it. Fair. No.
Speaker D: Totally fair. I kind of disagree that, as you think more about it, the Twitter was a good call to action.
Speaker A: No, I think it was a clever call to action. I don't think it was a good one. I think if your goal is for people to be aware of Gabe Layden, it's a great call to action. If the goal is that, I think what's terrible is nobody knows what the damn product is. If his goal was, hey, people need to know me, well, then he nailed it, you know?
Speaker D: No, he didn't nail it, though. I mean. Well, okay, I don't know. You were gonna. You were pot committed to do the commercial anyways, so I guess whatever. But I'm just saying, $7 million, man. I mean, with paid content creation, targeted ads, like, you could spend a quarter of that and achieve definitely what he achieved and follows yesterday due to that. But. But I guess since he was already committed to do the commercial anyways. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. I'm still staying a hater on that move.
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, I'm. Overall, I'm a hater in general on. On the entire thing. So that's, I think, enough talk about that. I don't really care enough about it, quite honestly. I don't. I think it was. I think nobody will remember it in a week. And I think it was ultimately kind of a flop. Do I think that? I don't share the opinion that it was, like, detrimental for the space or anything, except for the fact that if it's somebody's first entry into web three, it's not promoting the healthiest of speed winds, mint this security, blah, blah, blah, all that stuff. Like, I don't think that was great, but, I mean, I don't know overall, just kind of meh for me chamber. Are you back?
Speaker B: I think so. Can you hear me?
Speaker A: Cool.
Speaker B: Okay, good. I'm back then.
Speaker A: Windsor connection.
Speaker B: We talk about the poll that we talk about. I know. I didn't even hook up to the Wi Fi just because I was scared.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, you know that hotel wi Fi, they tell you not to hook up to that anyway, so.
Speaker B: Well, I was going to do a bunch of trading later.
Speaker A: No, we. We did not go to the poll. You want to direct people towards the poll?
Speaker B: Yes. I believe Mackie just dropped it a minute ago. The first poll is who. Who's your favorite super bowl halftime performer? Your choices are prince u two, Beyonce and Bruno Mars. I know. You, too. Terrible. And Katy Perry. I know. None of these. I mean, if everybody.
Speaker D: Those sharks were all time legit, though. Those sharks, those dancing sharks.
Speaker A: Remember left shark.
Speaker D: That was incredible. On that list. I'm going Bruno Mars and Beyonce. That was just entertaining as hell.
Speaker B: If it's not prince, you're wrong.
Speaker D: I didn't see Prince. I'm not. I'm. I have no idea.
Speaker A: It could be. It's probably prince. I mean, that's, that's my, that would be my vote. Although I thought Bruno Mars, Washington, really, really good. I'm going with that as a second option chamber. I do have some breaking news to report after our draft last week. For those of you who are here for our draft on Friday, I am self disqualifying myself from the tournament here. I found out afterwards I sent our draft results to a group chat of my buddies, who are big movie guys. I knew they, they get a kick out of it, and turns out my pick of the ring was not actually in the nineties. The us version of the ring came out in 2002, and the ring that I picked not, or inadvertently, I guess, was the japanese original version. So, yeah, that's.
Speaker B: That's a ringing, yeah, that's a good.
Speaker A: Yeah. So I'm. I'm unfortunately disqualified for picking.
Speaker B: You could be, like, a cool hipster and say that's what you meant.
Speaker A: Definitely not what I meant to say, though. I have never seen that version, so I couldn't have, like, vouched for it. The other thing on that one was, I would say the consensus vote for who won was captain based on the small sample size of my friends. And it was despite his choice of home alone, two, not because of it. So that was the consensus. Jweb actually got a lot of number one votes as well from that little small poll that I did, and then my choices were probably top three consensus. However, I am now disqualified. So.
Speaker B: I had a lot of tweets, people resonating with my pick. I prefer just having a few people agree with me. I feel like there's a sense of superiority that comes along with that when it's not the masses, because I feel like the masses are not as smart as the individuals. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker B: I guess it's like when you're loved by everybody. I don't know. You want that cult following, I think.
Speaker A: Is what I'm talking about. I mean, sounds a lot like someone that's loved by nobody would say it. Sounds a lot like something with no friends would say, well, maybe.
Speaker B: I guess you could. Yeah, I guess you could. Look at it that way. That does make sense.
Speaker A: Yeah, I don't know. But that was, that was the case of the draft from last week. Now, we already have a draft topic suggested for this week on Friday, Chambers. So I need to run this by you guys to see what you think it is. Super bowl commercials. All time Super bowl commercials. You into that one?
Speaker D: Cat wranglers is up there. Cat wrangling has to be good.
Speaker B: If everybody's into it. I'll be into it. Not my, my topic of choice.
Speaker A: Okay, interesting. Well, you better. You have all week to start watching Alzheimer's. If you would like to participate, please just show up on Friday afternoon and request up and you can participate. But, yeah, that's our thoughts here on the digidagument. There's a lot of other stuff going on. Des, I'd love to hear your thoughts on what's going on with the staking debate. Like the, obviously Kraken halted staking last week after the SEC came down on them. Brian Armstrong went on record all weekend this week. I feel like he was just not into the Super bowl. He's just tweeting up a storm about the SEC over the weekend and he's saying that, you know, they're not going to take them. Coinbase is staking down without a fight. You know, what are your thoughts here? Is this a thing that the SEC should be actually looking into? Are they, is this, you know, are you surprised that this is happening? What are your thoughts here?
Speaker D: I mean, to be honest, this sounds like a very big, wrecked question. So little confused why you'd be go to me. But in that respect, I mean, this is your ecosystem.
Speaker A: This is all of our ecosystem here. This affects everybody involved in the NFT space, in the crypto space. And just like, what are we doing here if this is all going to be kind of seen as illegal? Right? Like if staking is illegal, I mean, how many NFT projects have a staking component, right? Like that. The problem is they have said that it's the act of staking, essentially, that's illegal. Nothing.
Speaker B: Uh, so, but this, the staking itself is only for cryptocurrency, staking like NFT.
Speaker A: Well, maybe if their reason is. If their reason is staking is bad, period, then it's overarching.
Speaker B: Right? But I mean, the, I mean, unless I'm wrong here, I guess ape coin would be one. But I feel like a lot of the NFT staking is only like frequent flyer miles, basically. You don't mean it's like fake? Fake, you know, you can, oh, I can exchange it for this or I can exchange it for that. Not necessarily a monetary value, you know what I mean?
Speaker D: There's a lot that, that are like.
Speaker B: I'm thinking eight coin, but besides that.
Speaker A: What about our beloved, what about our beloved milk alluvium?
Speaker D: You can't, you can't stake, you can't stay.
Speaker A: Sorry. What about c milk?
Speaker B: There you go. Yeah.
Speaker A: What about, uh, you know, all those other, what about the cool cat's milk that would be affected?
Speaker D: Yeah. Wait, can you stake that? Yeah.
Speaker A: I don't know. I don't know. I'm making stuff up at this point. So, uh, I don't know, staking good or bad or this crackdown good or bad, what do you think it means? Chamber.
Speaker B: It doesn't shot yet.
Speaker D: Doesn't shock me.
Speaker B: It doesn't shock me that this happened. Like, it was like we're, we are playing the bigger cryptocurrency gets, the, the bigger the, the market cap gets for the overall ecosystem. Like, obviously, the more cracked. We're just doing whatever we want here. Realistically. I mean, we're making up, like, we're conjuring up dollars out of thin air. Of course, shit's going to get real at a certain point. So, yeah, no, staking definitely makes sense that it's illegal, or at least it makes sense that, you know, the powers that be think it's, it should be illegal. But we are, I mean, what did, what did everybody expect? Like, it's crazy what we're doing.
Speaker A: I mean, I guess, but there's a lot of other use cases for staking, and this is the point that I was trying to make. It's not necessarily like what they're actually saying is the act of staking is bad. Right?
Speaker B: So not, not necessarily getting a staking something and getting something of value generated. It just the act of staking alone is what they're saying is the bad thing.
Speaker A: Yes. So that's, I think, I mean, the entire ethereum ecosystem now relies on staking.
Speaker B: Does it?
Speaker A: What do you mean does it? It's called proof of stake. Like what?
Speaker B: I'm still on ethereum. Classic.
Speaker A: Yeah, you. I can't do this show.
Speaker B: Are you guys not on, are you guys not on? Etc.
Speaker A: This show today is just, I just can't even, uh. What do you mean? Is it like the entire ethereum ecosystem, not my Solana. Not my Solana ecosystem is not my bitcoin nft stake. This is. So if staking is now villainous, what, I mean, like, what's next for, like, what does that have.
Speaker B: But didn't crack and get. Didn't crack and get in trouble for, like, coin staking.
Speaker A: What do you think you're staking on, eth? Like, what do you think you're staking? Your ethereum?
Speaker B: No, but, like, the. They're getting in trouble because they're like an entity. Like, if you're just doing it on your own, like, is it. Is it not different if you're giving your etherium to Kraken? You know, I'm saying, as opposed to just doing it solo.
Speaker A: I don't know. That's kind of what I'm asking is, like, if. If staking in general is the villain here, then we're all in trouble, is the point I'm trying to make. And. And you're like, well, what's staking?
Speaker B: Could you explain staking to me? Like, I'm fine.
Speaker A: Yeah. When a man and a woman love each other very much, they put their coins in a contract and it locks them up for a very long amount of time. And sometimes the man or woman will receive something back for their locking of coins. This is staking. And sometimes a new coin is born.
Speaker B: And this is just in the United States. Correct.
Speaker A: What, are we having the same conversation right now?
Speaker D: Sadly, not a bad description. Honestly, that was weird. But, yeah, that was pretty good.
Speaker B: No, but the pushback is just for the United States.
Speaker A: Yes. The SEC, that's coming after the folks.
Speaker B: Yeah. So I don't give a shit.
Speaker A: No wonder you were ill prepared to talk about.
Speaker B: What are you even complaining about?
Speaker A: F you guys, this has nothing to do with me. I'm just enjoying Windsor with a sock or with one sock on. And there's nothing.
Speaker B: That's right. Waving my eth wallet over across the river.
Speaker A: All right, let's go to a different topic. This one I actually am going to Des on, and that's the Blur airdrop tomorrow. That is tomorrow. I'm curious, Des, high level, what do you expect to happen with the Blur airdrop tomorrow? Is this a sustainable thing? Is this going to be flash in the pan? Like, are we to expect, you know, people to get wrecked? What. What are your overall thoughts? And then I guess maybe some strategy. Will you be playing this airdrop in any way?
Speaker D: So I should get a moderate. Can you hear me?
Speaker A: Do we lose it?
Speaker D: I got a call. I got a call. Such a rookie move now, putting on do not disturb. So I am going to get a small to moderate allocation of blur, is what I'm assuming. The way I will be playing it. Well, it depends on one question, which is, have they announced what the utility of the butter token will be used for going forward?
Speaker A: I couldn't tell you that. I don't know.
Speaker D: Because we've seen this before, right? We've seen just random, out of the blue airdrops, and then we've seen airdrops with a company or, you know, an actual plan of action going forward and what the utility is. And those usually shake out pretty differently. We've also just seen just crazy pumps on, you know, mean airdrops. I think this probably falls in between, like, the established company airdrop and maybe the out of the blue. Like, I. I don't really have too much faith. Oh, God, I'm gonna say something, but I don't have too much. I don't have too much faith in blur as a huge differentiator amongst other marketplaces, so I.
Speaker A: In what capacity? As in, like, to sustain any sort of meaningful volume after this airdrop.
Speaker D: So I'm loosely basing this off of, like, the theoretical belief that if you own some of the blur token, you have a vested interest in the company's success and volume traded.
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker D: And so I think a lot of it has been done because of the farming the past two, three months. And so I just, as a platform, I've used it a ton, and I just. I don't really love it that much. So, I don't know. I think the, like for looking value of blur as a marketplace isn't great, but. So I probably am. I'm probably going to sell probably a good bit of it on the open, but more than likely, you know, it might see a little run up. I might use a sell on the way down strategy for it, but we'll see.
Speaker A: Interesting chamber. Are you, first of all, are you expecting a lot of blur? Are you expecting, like, what is your allocation?
Speaker B: I don't know. Like des said. He said small to medium, and I'm like, I feel des got. So I have a. I have a.
Speaker D: Ton of the first two airdrops, but I hear the third airdrop, like, destroys the first two airdrops in value, and I have not. And I have not been a good bidder.
Speaker B: We'll just check. I didn't check. I didn't even know there was a third one. I knew there was a third. I didn't. I didn't claim mine. I don't know if it's too late for me, but I don't know. I will keep it for five days like any other airdrop I think.
Speaker A: Is that your rule? Do you have a five day airdrop rule?
Speaker B: I think I. I think that is the rule, yeah.
Speaker A: Are you just making that up on.
Speaker B: A couple of them? No, I definitely did that on a couple of them, and it's worked out well. I think five days gives it enough time to gestate that fomo if it's going to be there. It usually crescendos at the four to five day marker, and then everybody's wrapped after that. So I'm going to hold it five days.
Speaker A: So our good friend V squared over here has sent me a coin market cap link. I don't know if this is accurate or not, however, because I know it doesn't come out tomorrow. Tomorrow. But the coin market cap link he sent me has a listed price of $23.12 per blur. I feel like that might be a little much. I don't know. Like, I don't know where this is coming from. I feel like it's probably, if it's.
Speaker B: Coming from v squared, I feel like it's question v squared.
Speaker A: You want to come and come yourself here?
Speaker D: Hey, you know, I was in a different discord with my real, I think are supposed to be crypto og or no, Ghdev, and they were, and they sent that through, and I forget exactly what they said. You know, of course, you can't trade it right now, but, yeah, I mean.
Speaker A: It'S, it's, it's from, it's probably like a limited supply being out there versus not being sold and things like that. I would. I would probably. So, I mean, so for me, like, one, I'm not expecting much of an airdrop at all. I've hardly traded. I have not gone out of my way to use blur. I only have, like, the stuff from the first airdrop, which was, you know, based on historic usage of whatever. So I am not getting very many. So the question becomes, are you buying into this drop here or not? And so, you know, there's an interesting. Did phonics end up coming up? I was trying to, trying to accept him up here, but I don't see him anymore. The. There's been, like, a historic kind of pattern with these airdrops in which they spike very quickly. They get bought, like, people are dumping immediately, and then it gets bought up, and then they go on a little run.
Speaker D: I love how you're eloquently explaining a pump and dump.
Speaker A: Well, I mean, I think literally within the first couple hours this is happening, right. So I think, like, if you are going to purchase blur as a trade, you got to be. You got to be early, and, like, because you get caught holding the top on this real easy, I think. And so I did see phonics come up. So I'll jump to phonics here, and then we'll go to Mackie. But phonics get in here, brother. Ga.
Speaker E: Fellas, good afternoon. I just wanted to say real quick, there is, like, a limited amount of tokens. I don't know how they're available to be traded yet, but that's kind of like, where the coin market cap valuation is coming from right now. But obviously, you know, we're going to see a big sell off tomorrow when the tokens, you know, a majority of them get airdropped to people. But. Yeah, I know you were saying how much.
Speaker A: So are you expecting a large airdrop of your allocation? And I. And what's your strategy here?
Speaker E: So, yeah, just like Des, I, you know, I was involved in the first two, but I haven't been bidding much. I'm going to try to get some bids in within the next hour or so and try to get something from airdrop three. But I think.
Speaker B: What's a good score? I'm just looking at my. My airdrop three. My bid points are 1.89, and my listing loyalty is 100%. I don't know if that's good. I feel the listing royalty is good.
Speaker E: Yeah, I believe the listing royalty is just for when you're unveiling the crates, you know, like, what kind of crate you get. And then the bid score is obviously, you know, the more you bid and the closer you bid to the true floor of a collection, that's going to increase your score.
Speaker B: Gotcha.
Speaker E: But real quick, I just want to say, I think we have. I think we do see, like, probably a sell off right away, but something similar to looksrare. And I know a bunch of you kind of crushed it on that trade, which took a couple days to kind of.
Speaker A: I held Volksware for a long time. I was in. I bought. Yeah, I bought it low. I ended up selling at, like, one of the middle pumps of it before it rocketed to, like, $9, and then I was, like, hating myself, and then it totally crashed at, like, one of those unlocks, and I was. Ended up being happy about my position. So you think this is going to take a similar trajectory?
Speaker E: Yeah, I do. I think it's going to be something very similar to looks, but it could be actually, like, a little bit bigger, just because if you look at, like, doing analytics, I know some of it is wash trading, but blur has a much larger percentage of Opensea than what looks rare did when looks first came out.
Speaker A: I think that's a really interesting point. It's kind of the only thing happening right now in terms of like stuff like this where people are. I mean, it's super highly anticipated. I feel like, you know, outside of like the, they've done a, I think, a pretty good job of hyping this up. So it'll be interesting to see. Phonics, are you holding what you've got? Are you dumping on open? Are you buying more? What's your strategy?
Speaker E: You know, I'm not really sure yet. I would like to buy more, but you know, it's, it's just questionable about whether to buy more right out of the gate, whether to DCA a little bit on the way up, hopefully, or you know, maybe just wait it out, maybe it drops down, we find a bottom and then buy more. So I'm kind of just playing it by year right now.
Speaker A: So I'm not nearly as skilled as I was at the time. But if you're really degen about this, there's this is, I would say the not financial advice part of the show. But if you have the token contract, you can actually watch like the mempool and when the token actually starts trading and you can get alerted like ASAP that it's happening. And that's just what I did for the milk drop and I made like twelve ETH in an hour milk drop because I was in as soon as the contract. As soon as the contract flipped to live as in like as soon as you could trade it, I was in there and I was like one of the first ten buys of milk, I think. And because you're in so quickly, I mean, you almost can't lose, but. So if you've never listened to our episode with the, what is it, block native they teach you all about in that episode, how to use the mempool Explorer. So you could actually go and check that out. And they have a very cool tool that you can actually use to look and listen. They call it listen to contracts or addresses and that's how you actually learn how to do something like that. Chamber ever done that?
Speaker B: I have not. Yeah, no, I barely know.
Speaker A: I was kind of going to say that, but let's go over to Mackie. So I just want to say that this coinmarketcap listed blur is only trading on an exchange called XDev. It's only got 150k volume. So I'm guessing it's fake. So just be careful if you're trying to get ahead of the game. I do not think this is the mean you don't trade on Xt.com. didn't you see their. I can't say that I do bowl commercial last night? I didn't did this. Wait, no. Was that the one? Exactly. Exactly. Oh, by the way, speaking of not. Not related at all, but it, you know, relevant to the show, my wife. I got my wife saying glizzies lately, and so. Yeah, no, she's Lizzie pilled now. She actually sent me a text message this afternoon asking me if I'd like glizzies for dinner. So I'll be having glizzies for dinner.
Speaker B: Are they Costco glizzies, though? Because really, that's the only glizzy.
Speaker A: Wait, what? These days you only eat Costco hot dogs?
Speaker B: They are the best hot dog you can get, unless you're getting it from, like, these specialty butchers that they maybe make their own. Like, bet a hot. A Costco is better than.
Speaker A: Does that mean it's the only hot dog you'll eat?
Speaker B: I mean, it's the only one I'm gonna buy and have at my house, really. But I'm not gonna turn down, like, a, you know, a stadium hot dog. Those are also good. Those are kind of in that same vein as, like, chamber.
Speaker D: How do you feel about corn glizzies?
Speaker B: Oh, pro corn glizzy. Are you kidding me?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Uh, there's got to be another term we use.
Speaker A: Tendo extendo corn glizzies.
Speaker B: Yeah. What do you call. What does the street call, like, when you're wearing, like, a. Like, a bulletproof vest? What is that? Is there, like, a street term for that?
Speaker A: Because that's what it is when you're strapped up.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So is glitched.
Speaker B: Yeah, whatever the. Whatever the. Whatever. Whatever the street name is for a kevlar vest is. Add that to glizzy, and that's a coin dog. But yes, pro co, we've got.
Speaker A: We've got poll number two up about what you're going to do with your blur. What will you be doing with your blur? If you are receiving any, will you be dumping it, holding it, or buying more? I. Man, I don't know. I just have. I'm, like, so gun shy about everything right now. I don't think I'm touching it and I'm, like, gonna miss out and I'm gonna hate myself, but I'm just not doing it.
Speaker B: Like, are you like, you're not gonna.
Speaker A: Have any, or I will get some small amount, but I'm gonna. I don't actually actively trade it because.
Speaker B: I'm just trying to pull mine up here. Like, I have. Again, I don't know what the boxes mean, but, like, in airdrop one, I have 72 uncommon. I have nine rares and one legendary, and then airdrop two, I have twelve uncommon, three rare, and three legendary. And then, I don't know. Airdrop three is a mystery to me, so I don't know what I'm going to get. But I do think, like, just hang on to what you have. I think the real financial advice is these airdrops consistently create movement in the market. So whether you're in blur or not, you should be setting yourself up to. I don't know whether if there's an NFT that you've been kind of teetering on, you could see an overall market increase across some nfts after that.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's fair, I think. So what was the DES, maybe you know a little bit about this. Have you seen the theory going around that, like, the blur airdrop is actually caught, like, causing these floors to dump because no one's bidding anymore, and people were actually just having bids there to. For this airdrop?
Speaker D: It does help. I mean, 100%. Incentivizing bids on projects holds up a bit of the market. So, yeah, there's some truth to that. Now. How big of an effect? That's the question.
Speaker A: Floors are pretty trash everywhere. Like, I mean, it's pretty wild. Have you, uh. Have you done a floor scan lately?
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: It's pretty brutal out there. Um, doodles. So the other thing, I need to be caught up. I. Steve, I wonder if you know about this, because I doubt chamber does. Maybe des does. Uh, what was going on with. With doodles over the weekend? But there's.
Speaker D: Oh, the loans.
Speaker A: Yeah. What happened there? Yes. This is the world we live in.
Speaker B: The loans for poopy. Okay, continue, continue. Heaven forbid I'm the weird one for.
Speaker A: Well, it means you don't know who poopy is. It's not about. What is about.
Speaker B: Well, like, do you guys even, like, look at yourselves?
Speaker A: No, I can't. I can't.
Speaker D: Yeah, absolutely. No, I think when I say shit like that, I think it's funny. I think it's ridiculous.
Speaker B: All right. I just don't want to be the made to be the weird.
Speaker D: Taking myself seriously about that comment.
Speaker A: No, you're not the weird one. We are all collectively the weird ones. Okay, but yes. Des tld army here.
Speaker D: Super simple. Poopy took out, like, you know, Degen loans against a bunch of his doodles. And it's. The money's due in now four days maybe, or less. And if. Yeah, if he doesn't pay that back, then he's going to lose the. Basically the deposit. So.
Speaker A: And all those. All the doodles would hit auction.
Speaker D: I think that's how.
Speaker A: Where he did it. So if he. If he did.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Totally depend on bend out. They go to auction. If he did it on like.
Speaker D: Yes, but I don't think he did on Benjamin.
Speaker A: So if he did it on Ben.
Speaker D: Or maybe I'm wrong about that. I'm gonna redact that comment. I'm not sure.
Speaker A: On like, nifty Phi. It goes to whoever gave him the loan.
Speaker D: Exactly.
Speaker A: Exactly what was. Did he respond to this? I don't know if I. I don't know if he saw. If I saw that.
Speaker D: Yes, he did. I'm struggling to remember exactly what he told the person. Basically, go f yourself. How is this news? But other than that, he. I can't remember what his comment was. Basically. He's not stressed about it, though.
Speaker C: He had some rant about being, like, supportive of defy and that being an important part of the ecosystem. Very, like that type of. Yeah, it was that type of, like, thing where he was, like, talking about how big it is. But he's, um. He's the wild card in the doodle bunch. Like, it's.
Speaker A: We.
Speaker C: It's interesting to me how they have. And he's really smart, but it's interesting to me how they have, like, Julian, who's, like, super buttoned up, and Evan, who's super quiet, and then they have poopy who's just, you know, lighting the timeline on fire half the time with stuff like this. Yeah, he's your stuff. He's actually very much your style, I'm saying. Yeah, 1000%. That's a great analogy, actually.
Speaker A: I like it. Definitely. So his tweet here. His tweet here from yesterday, I guess yesterday morning. Poopy is lending against his personal doodles. I won't stop advocating for NFT DeFi. It gives anons immediate access to crypto liquidity. I've used it to avoid tradfi and even buy more doodles. It's web three Amex. And I funded millions with NFT DeFi success successfully. All right. I mean, I don't really personally see an issue with it if it's not like, I don't know that I've kind of in. Why is this news? It's just like treasure doodles. Steve, you got to take here.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I think the issue people were seeing, and I don't know the specifics alone. So I'm not saying this is what's going to happen, but I think initially, what people and phonics may know as well. I know he's up here as well, but I believe the initial thing people had is, like, if this is one of those situations where he lends and it goes to auction, he effectively is tanking his own floor. And I think that that's. That was the issue. I think some people had. I mean, I was.
Speaker A: Well, that's right. Like, if it's been down. If it's been down, they all go to auction and they get sold for, you know, two e, three e, then, yes, that's what he's doing. If it's nifty fied, then just whoever gave him the loan gets the asset. But, like, are we even sure?
Speaker B: Did they go to auction on bend out? Like, when they stuff off?
Speaker A: Yeah. So you could potentially scoop up some. It happened with the apes, with Franklin and all that stuff, too. And then they said he was, like, manipulating the floor.
Speaker B: So that's interesting. Does that. Can anybody just go on the bend down auction, or is. That's interesting? I've actually never.
Speaker A: I didn't know that. Anytime a lot of assets come up on there, it usually hits the timeline. You can go peek and maybe get a couple good deals on some stuff. So if you're interested, there's definitely arbitrage.
Speaker B: So I used to get my bikes when I was a kid at the police auction.
Speaker A: Your bikes?
Speaker B: Was that, like.
Speaker A: No, no. I just. I legit didn't understand what you're saying at first. So you would just. You would buy your bicycles from police auctions?
Speaker B: Yeah, like, they have. They used to have, like, bike.
Speaker A: I feel like. Like that. I mean, like, don't they have anything better to do than auction off bikes that they've confiscated? Like, how much money are they making?
Speaker B: Memory serves? I mean, I think bikes get stolen a ton.
Speaker A: So there's just a lot of volume.
Speaker B: Just. Yeah, it's like, a. And I. If memory serves me correct, like, I've only been to, like, one or two.
Speaker A: Of them, but you got, like, 30.
Speaker B: Bikes, you could get, like, sick bikes.
Speaker C: It's 45% of Canada's gdp.
Speaker B: Police auction bike.
Speaker A: I, like, really never want to do this show again after today. All right, maybe one more topic before we get out of here. I had something to talk about, but I kind of just lost my train of thought. But, oh, it was, I was going to talk about checks, and I was only going to talk about checks in the context that they have now reached chamber's danger zone. Have you seen this chamber? So for the people at home that may have not caught this particular anecdote from you, explain what the chamber line is and why checks are now qualified in the chamber line.
Speaker B: So, yeah, so the chamber line is one. Eternity posited a theory that once a project, I don't know what the number was that they'd have to hit by like overneath, but I think like a fair amount over, we'll say two.
Speaker A: Yeah, we're not talking like 1.1 eth. We're talking like they've gone by it. They've held a floor over that for a decent amount of time.
Speaker B: And I'm pretty sure the top four checks was like 2.5, maybe something like that.
Speaker A: It was even higher.
Speaker B: Yeah. So, well over the threshold and now has pulled back to, it's currently like 0.78.
Speaker A: I'm looking right now and it looks like somewhere about 0.895 currently.
Speaker B: Oh, perfect. Okay. So my thought was, it's very rare that you're going to see a project do that, come back below that one e threshold and then have an opportunity to go past it again. We're in that zone right now with checks. I will say a couple of things. I don't know if you heard at the start of the show, a bunch, I was mentioning a tweet that I saw where somebody was comparing checks to Chromie Squiggles and how Chromie Squiggles did something comparable to what checks is doing where they got to actually right around this price, I think it was like 75. And then, you know, they launched, there was a couple of ETH, 0.75, and now they're, you know, 1314 ETH. And maybe, I think the caveat in my theory might be art projects might be a different story. These might just apply to PFP projects because I do feel that checks does climb back above an ETH again. It'll be the, I guess, theory for.
Speaker A: Like a week and you're already walking it back, huh.
Speaker B: Well, that's what I feel. You know, it's a theory. It's, it's, you know, it's, I'm a science man.
Speaker A: Only when it suits.
Speaker B: If the data changes, my opinion changes, you know, and now that somebody, like I said after I saw that Kuromi Squiggle one. You know, it could be, you know, it may be some, you know, art based projects may not apply. So we'll see. We'll see what happens.
Speaker A: But I do think, is this really an art based project or we were clearly classifying it there.
Speaker B: I think so. I think it is. I mean, I might, you know, I could be proven wrong, but I would, I would say it's an art project in the same way that chromie squiggles.
Speaker A: I mean, project. So here's the thing. Like, I, I'm looking at the activity right now, and there's still, like, I mean, there's still, like 40 sales in the last hour, so we might be hitting this, like, buy zone. Right? Like, at what point, at what point are you stepping in and saying, oh, I've got my second chance at checks here.
Speaker B: I think we're there.
Speaker A: I think, I think I saw it go as low as 0.65 today, and so it's being gobbled up now. So you're saying we're there?
Speaker B: I'm saying I'm gonna buy two.
Speaker A: Right, right. Live on the show.
Speaker B: Live on the show.
Speaker A: I'm gonna watch it come through the activity feed. Oh, it's .898 currently .9 years. Your thoughts on the activity we're seeing in checks? Are we, are you expecting it to rebound? Are you expecting it to dip? Does the burning being live ruin this magic that's been going on? Like, what are your thoughts here?
Speaker D: Hmm. Well, I think, you know, I think a lot of people got in it for the hype and the ride leading to the burn. Now, that, and we talked about this last week, right. Once the burn was gonna happen, what you see is not as many people were in it for, you know, the long haul and weren't going to really burn. And so there's going to be a less burn than expectation, and then the floor is going to bottom out. However, at the end of all that being said, the people who want to be in the project for the right reasons, for the project, will hold it up and keep it, and it'll slowly bounce back. So I'm not going to buy yet. I think there's a good bit of time to still maybe go down a little bit more and then it'll slowly trickle back up. But as of right now, it's a, it's a wait and see.
Speaker A: So we've got them just came in live, 0.9 each. Djen Af and binary base. You're welcome for your exit. Liquidity from chamber. He just bought two DJF and binary base. So before we wrap up here, Steve, what do you got to say about checks?
Speaker C: I'm just. I'm trying to figure out what makes it sounds like every time. I just. This is my. Always my warning with checks.
Speaker A: And I thought you were obviously going to trade.
Speaker C: Well, it's kind of one in the same is, like, just know when people hear this, that chambers playing around to trade. Right. Which is all I hear people talking about with checks. And so, like, I don't know, like, this is probably me being a brat, but I get somewhat, like, snooty when people compare them to chromie squiggles, which are like, you know, sort of like a feat of technology in the very first one at that on a major platform. And it's sort of like a historic art piece. And, like, I'm not trying to fud checks, but every time I hear people talking about them outside of the shrimp toe guy or whatever that we had on that one time, it seems like most people are just playing them for a trade. So I just. I don't know. That's always my cautionary tale, these things. I hope people made a lot of money, but it's like. I don't know. It doesn't exactly. I'm trying to follow. Like, it was something a guy put out, and then he just. It on the fly, which is great, but I don't know. I'm always really careful about this. I don't know, because I don't think chambers in it for the art.
Speaker B: I am now. No, I'm my first run. This is round two now. I'm in it for the art, I couldn't. My wife's in the. In the audience, and when Steve says, like, because I think my wife most upset by chromie Squiggles in general, as, like, when it comes to NFTs. Like, I remember when she saw I had some chromie squiggles back in the day, and I remember showing it to her, and she just was just, it just upset her to the core that this was a thing and how much they were. And to hear Steve, you know, talk about squiggles with such regard, I guarantee, is boiling her blood as.
Speaker C: Does Amber hate me? Does Amber hate me?
Speaker B: No, she hates squiggles more than anything, though. She hates what? Squiggle.
Speaker A: I mean, she might hate you.
Speaker B: I mean, that could be. She hates me, though, so, I mean, that's. And you're the opposite, I would imagine.
Speaker A: Well, then Steve's looking good. Steve looking like a snack.
Speaker B: You got you got the hair you got. Yeah, I mean, that's. It's. I would be. I feel pretty comfortable.
Speaker A: So, real quick, before we wrap, though, how many total checks were there to begin with? Wasn't there like 16k, something like that?
Speaker B: Yeah, that's a number I had.
Speaker A: Opensea right now is showing 9770 items. So there is. I mean, that's quite a bit of burning.
Speaker B: Well, I think you can look at the checks. Vivi originals. And I think those are the. If you. Whatever that number is, I think is the number of the ones burnt. Right.
Speaker A: I'm not sure. I'm just looking at the one. The items number you have that. If there's something more accurate, then. Man checks. Just getting a. Oh, wow. Hold on. Is punter in the audience today? Hunter just bought one. Nice. Punter just bought one right after you did. And I love it. And he's got, by the way, I'm now stalking this wallet here. He's got. He's got five checks in this wallet. He's got his DJ network, de Genesis pass so far. Great taste, would you say?
Speaker B: So the VV originals is 47.97. That makes sense, right?
Speaker A: I had 9770 or something as the.
Speaker B: Yeah, so that's. So we have about 40, almost 40.
Speaker A: So in this wallet that punter has right here, he's got five checks. He's got his degenesis pass. So, so far, great taste. He's got his. He's got his skybrook, NFT. So another community punter's a community guy. The rest of them I have questions about. He's got nycpunter ETH and then he has, I'm going to say what we're calling, I guess, digital squatting. And he's got Starbucksgm eth and GmStarbucks. Ethan thinking that I'm gonna come and buy them from him at some point. Clearly. He clearly thinks I'm gonna be his exit.
Speaker B: Send a calendar invite. He's waiting for the calendar invite.
Speaker A: I'm gonna. I'm going to now purposely recommend that Starbucks, by GM, underscore Starbucks dot e, by the way.
Speaker C: No, they buy, like, punter dot e fake pay, like an exorbitant amount, like 20 eth for like.
Speaker A: Yeah, that he doesn't have. I actually. I have like, 1912 pike or something that I bought for them whenever they want. I'm not going to sell it to them, even though I should, but, yeah. So punter squatting on Starbucks digital domains, which is just fantastic. It's a good way to end the show. And I think that's going to do it for us today. Maybe I'll be back on Wednesday. I have not decided yet based on how this show went today. Um, but do we ever get.
Speaker B: Do we have a guess?
Speaker A: You better hope so.
Speaker B: Yes, guess.
Speaker A: Make every hope so. Uh, chamber parting words.
Speaker B: Um, I'm gonna go shower and then I'm gonna go play some slow.
Speaker A: Oh, you're, you're gonna be gambling today, huh?
Speaker B: Wow. Yeah. It's not what I. When I'm doing it, it's not gambling, it's, you know, winning. But.
Speaker A: Was I gonna say, I thought today was a pretty terrible show. Just personally, however, Ida Luperis just commented, please make this show daily. So there you go. Somebody out there enjoyed it today. So shouts to you.
Speaker B: Thanks, mom.
Speaker A: Shouts to you. Italoo. We love you. That's your, that's actually Amber's alt. So it's your wife's alt account and. Yeah, weird. The rest of her posts are just Steve simping. So your wife's alt account is just Steve future misses NFt. That would be. I hope that's Amber. I hope that's your wife's alt account. Future misses NFT bark that would be so great. I'm also now purchasing future misses Nftbark Ethereum and I'm going to send it to punter and that's going to do it for us until same time next. Same time on Wednesday, four or five. What else we got going on? We've got night shift tonight. Check out night shift tonight. Actually, we also put the reminder link for Wednesday's show up in the top. So set your reminders. We got night shift tonight at eleven. We got coffee with captain again in the morning. What's tomorrow? Tuesday. Then we've got lunch break at noon, we've got alpha afternoons at four, we've got DSPN at nine. We've got just so much awesome content going on on DJ network. So thanks for listening to us today and make sure you check out all the other awesome DJ network shows throughout the week if you visit us on our official Twitter handle that's being run by Mackie right now at Djen Network. Every morning we are posting the links and show schedule so you can set yourself reminders and do all of those awesome things. Des, any parting words? Time to go. That. That'll do it for me.
Speaker B: I think you said. Like and subscribe.
Speaker A: Like and subscribe. Until next time. Statement.
