Speaker A: I would argue the best leftover meal. I don't think there's a better leftover meal than using the meatballs from spaghetti meatballs in a meatball sub the next day.
Speaker B: Hello and welcome to the mid mic crisis. I am bunchu alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, Chamber. Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker A: I'm doing very well. It's Monday. It's September 25. I don't know if that's relevant, but that's what it is. And, you know, we were last. Last week, we were talking about roman empire stuff, and I found the new kind of trendy TikTok thing, and I couldn't wait to ask you this. I even put it in the show notes, and it was. I've seen it a couple of times now where someone on TikTok basically is saying, like, when I was ten years old, I walked in to a subway sandwich restaurant, and I looked at the menu and I decided what my favorite sub was going to be. And I have not changed from that day. And I wanted to know if that rang true for you, because it definitely rang true for me. I always get. I don't go to subway a lot, but we all had that moment in time where we were hitting subway on a multi a couple of times a week, and I've consistently gotten the same thing since I was a teenager. Does that ring true with you?
Speaker B: Yes, 100%. I'm the type of person that has something from the place that they are eating that I will order every time without fail. I do not venture away from those. Like, if I have a favorite restaurant, it's my favorite because I like that dish and I am not. I don't explore the space that the studio gives me. I'm just going right for the thing I like most. Or maybe I. Who knows? I might not even like it the most. I just understand that I can rely on it. If I'm out to dinner or out in public, and I'm. I have my dinner hat on and I am paying for food, I want to know that what I'm getting is I'm going to enjoy, right? It's not really a place I like to experiment, and this is probably a bad practice. It's probably a beta take, even if you will. But that's just how I roll.
Speaker A: I don't disagree. I think I'm with you for the most part. When I like something, I'm a creature of habit. And my favorite, I think, to your point, you know, especially when you get older, we're not going out as much when you do go out, you don't want to. You don't want to take a flyer on something because it'll. It'll ruin the evening if it doesn't turn out right. You know what I mean? But if you go to your. If you go to your tried and true go to meal, you know, at least the. You may not break through the ceiling, but you're not going to go through the floor. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker B: Some might say the floor is the ceiling.
Speaker A: It's so good. So what is your subway order?
Speaker B: God, I haven't been to subway in a long time. I don't think it's necessarily just a subway thing. This is, I think, applies to almost all sandwich type of orders. Subway deli, Jersey Mike, any of it. I'm. I kind of order the same thing. I am a double meat guy. Okay, I go now.
Speaker A: Were you doubling up? Were you doubling up at, like, ten years old?
Speaker B: Bro? Come on.
Speaker A: I love it.
Speaker B: Yeah, of course I'm doubling up. I've been doubling up since I knew how to talk. You just like, you know, it's just the thing that I do, but it's not in this case, maybe the way you might think, it's not a double order of the same meat. It is actually two meats combined.
Speaker A: I hope everybody's taking notes right now.
Speaker B: Yeah. So what I do is I do a turkey and roast beef combo.
Speaker A: Is that not a combo? No, I don't think it is. You got the turkey hamdan, and then I think there's, like, a turkey ham, roast beef, bacon.
Speaker B: Yeah, there's. I mean, so, like, Jersey Mike has a sub. It's the number nine. If anyone's interested, shout out Danny DeVito with those killer Jersey Mike commercials.
Speaker A: There's only two Jersey mikes.
Speaker B: Oh, you haven't seen any of these? Oh, man. Go, like, on YouTube and search Danny DeVito. Jersey Mike. And, like, he's done, like, ten jersey Mike's commercials.
Speaker A: That's fantastic.
Speaker B: Yeah, he's, like, their official sponsor.
Speaker A: There are only two Jersey Mikes in Canada. One of them is right by my house.
Speaker B: Do you go?
Speaker A: It's so good.
Speaker B: Okay, so here you go. Here's. Here's your order. Next time you go, get a number nine sub, the Swiss for american cheese, because I'm not a swiss guy. And then you're pretty much set to go on a Jersey Mike if you then decide if you like it Mike's way or not.
Speaker A: Oh, you gotta go Mike's way.
Speaker B: My subway order, I'm basically building this thing. The Jersey Mike's one comes with bacon, so I don't fuck with that. I just let them give me the bacon. But at subway, it would be a turkey and roast beef with american cheese. Tomato, mayo, salt, pepper. That's what I tasty.
Speaker A: I go, no tomato. I get a little bit of indigestion with tomato. So I'll go, no tomato, but that sounds quite delicious. I think I'm now pulling up Jersey Mike. I think I'm a number two at Jersey Mike's.
Speaker B: Before you do that, I would like to get to. It is Monday, but I'm ready to call it right now. I'm ready to call it right now. Today's or this week's mic of the week is, in fact. Jersey Mike. Jersey Mike. This week's mic of the week. Congratulations, Jersey Mike. I know it's Monday. It might be too early to call.
Speaker A: When you're this mike, when you're this mike, it's never too early to call. Arguably Mike of the year.
Speaker B: Arguably Mike of the year. I mean, it could. Look, there's a lot of Mike in New Jersey as well, so it doesn't even have to just be the sub shop. It could be any mic from New Jersey. Speaking of, maybe it's Mike, the situation. Maybe it's that Jersey Mike. Who knows?
Speaker A: So, for the record, the number nine is the club supreme. Roast beef, turkey, Swiss, applewood, smoked bacon, mayo, as you described.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly what I said.
Speaker A: I wanted to make sure we got the name associated with it. So it's the club now.
Speaker B: Do you go Mike's way?
Speaker A: I go Mike's way, except no tomato. So I go Mike's.
Speaker B: Mike's way or the highway? Well, Mike's way is really just the. That secret oil vinegar stuff.
Speaker A: They put a classic sandwich, and I am a number two. So mine's provolone, ham, and gaba ghoul.
Speaker B: You sure are a number two.
Speaker A: But, yeah, no, yeah, I love it.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, I. So that's my. That's my suborder. Yeah. Mackie says that he can no longer hear you chamber, so do not. I will.
Speaker A: Can you hear me?
Speaker B: I can hear you. It's all right. You sound great.
Speaker A: I feel like it's a Mackie thing, hopefully.
Speaker B: Yeah. So, by the way, the thing you were trying to get me to do, you were trying to get me to join Twitter spaces through my desktop, and it just didn't work. I could hear you guys. I connected my mic, and then as soon as you would bring me up, it would stop. I couldn't. I don't know if it was like a headphone setting that I couldn't figure out how to change or what, but. Yeah, but anyway, so while we're getting into this here, and I'm going through the normal housekeeping, so don't forget, today is Monday. We have more dgen content for you today starting at 06:00 p.m. jweb and I will be headed for d gen bets at 06:00 p.m. tonight there are two Monday night football games, so we're getting at it a little early. So 06:00 p.m. for Djen bets followed by the night shift at 11:00 p.m. eastern on YouTube and Twitter. Tomorrow morning you have coffee with captain, lunch break at noon, alpha afternoons. I think that's it for tomorrow. But don't forget all of the awesome dj and content out there. Give us a, like a retweet, a bookmark, whatever, a GM down in the chat subscribe rate, review our podcasts, call us two virgins who read the news in our parents basement. Still my favorite ever. Recommend and share now. You don't have to do that. Don't tell anybody else this exists, not.
Speaker A: Until we fix some mics.
Speaker B: The quick question of the day to pump that chat bubble is what is your subway order? Or any deli order? Give us your deli sandwich order down below. You feel free to roast mine because I feel like I don't, I feel like mine is a pretty simple, basic sandwich, and it's, it's actually rather kind of plain. What do you think? Grade my sandwich?
Speaker A: I would say it's. I mean, it's a good sandwich. I was hoping for more gaba ghoul to it. You know what I'm saying? It's a, it's a pretty. We have. I know a lot of my italian friends here. They have a bunch of names for, like, you know, white boys like me, and I feel like it's like a white boy sandwich, I feel. With your italian american roots, what do you think?
Speaker B: The jersey? What do you think? Jersey Mike?
Speaker A: Yeah. No, no. It's like italian american. There's a, there's a little extra spice. Not, you're not from Idaho.
Speaker B: So here's the thing. I don't like the gaba ghoul type meats on my sandwich, and here's why. They are tough to bite into, as in the, like, you know, you've got, you take a big bite and you're now wrestling out the salami or the Gaba ghoul or what have you, and it pulls the whole sandwich part. I'm not into that. I will take my gaba ghoul as a true Italian American does. Plain, just straight to the mouth, rolled up in an antipast. That's how you do it. It does not belong on sandwiches, in my opinion. But that is different. I'm sure that is not a popular opinion either, but that's how I eat my gaba ghoul. So I, like. I'm not a salami guy for the same reason on sandwich, because I find it very hard to actually, like, bite the sandwich properly and get the appropriate amount of, uh.
Speaker A: You know, you got. You got those, man. Come on, you.
Speaker B: I do. I'm. I would have been a. I would have been a herbivore if I was a dinosaur.
Speaker A: You even live in, like, premium dutch country, don't you? Or, like, pretty darn close. All right, maybe you did. What does that make a good salami man? A lot of people don't know.
Speaker B: Oh, I thought you were talking about soft teeth.
Speaker A: No, no. Actually, very known for their hard teeth, the Dutch. I don't know. I don't know that for a fact. Interesting. But, yes, very good salami makers, the Dutch. Yeah, but.
Speaker B: But you're not saying. I'm not saying I don't enjoy it. I'm saying I don't do it on a sandwich.
Speaker A: Like, yeah, I got it.
Speaker B: If you're. If you're in Jersey, you get an antipast almost at every family occasion, right? And there's prosciutt, there's gaba ghoul, there's salami. There's all of the italian cured meats, but they're just, like, in their own little rolled up form. And you just take them straight. Straight to the dome.
Speaker A: That makes sense.
Speaker B: Yeah. Going down to the comments here. JP Cass says subway is gross. Mister House says at Jimmy John's, he gets the italian nightclub. At Jersey Mike's, a number 17 at Potbelly and Avo Turkey. Subway. Gross. No. Okay, so there's some real strong speaker one.
Speaker A: You know what? I don't like it because all these motherfuckers, okay, talking shit about Subway, had, like, a seven year span where that's all they ate, and now they're talking shit. I. Yeah, you know what I mean?
Speaker B: It's just like these NFT influencers out there that are now just renouncing their whole.
Speaker A: I've been talking shit about them for a long time, so I feel their whole time.
Speaker B: Yeah. You know, it's like you spend two years eating nothing but subway on chain, and now you don't like it anymore. We got the receipts, man.
Speaker A: You know, I'm trying to find a 17. Oh, sorry.
Speaker B: NfTs. Subway on shape.
Speaker A: For the record, the 17 at Mike's is. I was gonna ask you, is Mike's famous Philly.
Speaker B: Oh, wow. Okay. Mister House definitely has a type. He's got a. He's got a couple of turkey options of the two places. Philly cheesesteak. Interesting. So Mister hot. Mister House going with a hot.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: From Jersey.
Speaker A: I go, I don't do hot subs. I don't do hot subs.
Speaker B: You were just talking about meatball subs.
Speaker A: Well, that's a different. That's a whole different animal. That's not a sandwich. That's a. I mean, I guess it's a sandwich, but it's.
Speaker B: It's a sub. It's a. It's in the name.
Speaker A: I know what you're saying, but it's not built the same way. It's built diff. Hashtag built different. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker B: Yeah, I do, actually. I'm not going to disagree with you on this one. However, technically, I get it, is where do you fall on, like, the. You know, these weird questions, like, is a hot dog a sandwich?
Speaker A: I love it. There was. Somebody had tweeted out. Everybody's probably seen it, but there's like a. There's like, a nine image. Like, it's represented in, like, cube form, where it's just like a. Like a three dimensional cube, but it's showing you if it's stacked like this, it's a. You know, it's a. It's a sandwich. It's a, you know, it's a taco. It's whatever. Right? But no, I'm. I like the thought experiment. You know, there's obviously hot dogs and tacos are similar. Are we. Are they all sandwiches? Are they wraps?
Speaker B: Well, how about the one that's, like, is cereal?
Speaker A: I would say so. I mean, it's a liquidity it's got.
Speaker B: Right. Because if you can have a gazpacho as a soup, like, cereal might be a soup.
Speaker A: I think in this. Yeah. There was only, like, six or nine possible things foods can be, basically. And they all fall into one of these six or nine categories, so. Yes.
Speaker B: Please find this for next episode.
Speaker A: I will find.
Speaker B: Okay, please find it for next episode. There's a lot of comments here, so I got to go back to them. We've got, uh. I lost Steve's comment, subway is great if you want to eat bread that tastes like I wise made out of shoes. I don't know what that is.
Speaker A: I don't either.
Speaker B: Sorry, Steve. I had. I was going there, and I lost. I don't know what that is, so please elaborate. Mister House says he's eaten subway less than ten times in his life. Well, mister House, you're barely ten years old.
Speaker A: He was born after.
Speaker B: Yeah, like, I feel like, yeah, he was born after the subway craze. He was born in a Jersey Mike era.
Speaker A: He was with. With Jimmy John's and Jersey Mike's, right.
Speaker B: Subway came first, man, and like that, he paved the way. There is no Jimmy John. Jimmy John is God. There's no Jimmy John if it's not for Subway. So, you know, show some goddamn respect.
Speaker A: If you weren't eating mister, or if you weren't eating subway in the late nineties, you weren't living.
Speaker B: That's right. If you weren't eating those rolled up yoga mat that.
Speaker A: I still get hungry when I walk by yoga studio.
Speaker B: I still get hungry anytime I get the whiff of that subway bread or the free smells from Jimmy John's. The v two. V squared says subway is trash, but I did have a span of eating it. Sweet onion chicken teriyaki. He also said, now that I'm working away from the house, I eat way too much Jimmy John's and order the same thing pretty much every time. Number two, a big john with provolone salt and vinny chips and an oatmeal raisin cookie. V square.
Speaker A: V squares. Living life.
Speaker B: So are you a. Are you a combo meal guy? Are you just the sandwich? Are you getting chips and the cookie? Like, are you the upsell guy at the.
Speaker A: So, I mean, I don't know what world you guys are living where you get both the chip and the cookie. It's an either or option here in Canada.
Speaker B: I mean, that's. That's crypto rich for you right there.
Speaker A: But I definitely go chip and soda.
Speaker B: You're going chip?
Speaker A: Yeah, usually, like a jalapeno, like a spicy chip. I like a spicy chip.
Speaker B: See, I'm. I'm full on the v squared salt and vinegar chip train. Like, that is a no brainer for me every time with a sandwich. And now I think I'm a weirdo for this, but I don't know. I have been known to put a chips on the sandwich.
Speaker A: Of course, it's because you're okay. You're a man that knows what he likes. Chips on a sandwich is, is a go to.
Speaker B: I mean, okay, fantastic. Salt and vinegar chip on a sandwich. Very good. Because then you don't have to get the, you know, you still get the vinegar taste without all of the sogginess that comes with the actual vinegar. So I am full on board with a salt and vinegar chip on a sandwich. We are 26 minutes in to sandwich talk.
Speaker A: I knew this.
Speaker B: Did you?
Speaker A: I knew it in my heart. I'm like, when I saw this, I like this. This is gonna, this is gonna power through at least 30 minutes of the show today.
Speaker B: It sure is. And we've got our first request for trivia. Mister House, how are you?
Speaker A: I'm great. If I make it through trivia, I can actually name the subways that I've been to because I've been there so few times that I've actually remembered most of them. Two of them have pretty funny stories to go with them.
Speaker B: Let's go. Trivia it is. What do we got here?
Speaker A: Do you want, do you want me to rhyme off the categories or are you good to go history?
Speaker B: You want me to give, you want me to give them one that's like straight up prison rules that there's no way he gets.
Speaker A: No, I have, I have some easy.
Speaker B: Ones here because I have, I have one of these AC DC home alone types for you today. Yes, but we'll get Mister House a fair question.
Speaker A: Okay, mister House, I got one here for you. I got. Where in the Americas did Europeans first settle? It was pilgrim Rock in Massachusetts. So close, unfortunately. Oh, no, it was Jamestown. Yeah, it was Virginia. The tobacco farmers got there first. I always forget about it. Actually, the Americas were first, were settled by Europeans in Newfoundland Americas, not America. In Newfoundland, in my neck of the woods. And it was actually the Vikings that first settled here.
Speaker B: We talking Eric the Red.
Speaker A: We are talking Eric the Red.
Speaker B: I've been doing a lot of thinking over the past couple days, and I've been deciding where I'm going to pledge my allegiance. And it might be the viking war.
Speaker A: I'm down with it. It's very, very cool. Yes. They discovered a bunch of ancient viking barrel mounds in. I've actually visited there. It's very remote, but it's called Lance aux Meadows in Newfoundland. And very, very cool. I think it was, I think it was around the like eleven hundreds, twelve hundreds, something like that. But yes, that's, that's where Europeans first settled.
Speaker B: Unfortunately, Mister House gets the question wrong. However, we do have a lovely parting gift for you today, Mister House. It is a five dollar subway gift card. You can purchase yourself a $5 foot long before inflation and tax. So congratulations on your lovely door prize. $5 footlongs for all. Thanks for playing.
Speaker A: So that's really too bad. It's that american.
Speaker B: All right, you ready? Hold on. You ready for this?
Speaker A: I'm ready.
Speaker B: I saw this, and it took everything in my being to nothing. Uh, text it to you immediately because I needed to save it for the show. Um, so here, I'm, I'm going to read it. Uh, okay. First, here's, here's what I want you to guess. I, uh. So this is. How did you phrase the, the AC DC question? Because I'm going to try to phrase it this same way.
Speaker A: How did I phrase it? Like the. No, it was, it was a, it was a comment. It was a, it was a tweet I had put out. And I think, I, I think the way I phrased the tweet was basically like, you know, today or basically thunderstruck by AC DC and home alone were released in the same year, basically. And now you have to live with it.
Speaker B: Okay, here, here's my version of it. I'll do the same thing here. Vincent van Gogh's famous painting, the Starry Night and Nintendo were founded in the or were created in the same year, and now you have to deal with it.
Speaker A: Isn't that terrible? I know. Nintendo's and old now.
Speaker B: What?
Speaker A: Yeah, I feel like it was like, like 1890. Am I. Am I close?
Speaker B: 1889.
Speaker A: I knew it was old. I knew Nintendo was old, but I didn't realize starry night was that young.
Speaker B: Starry night, June 1889. I had a double take when I read this and I was like, oh, yeah, of course. It makes sense that Nintendo would be founded in 1989. And, and then I was like, wait, starry night, 1989? That can't be right. No, it is 1889. The Nintendo was founded September 23, 1889 in Koyoto, Japan. They, Nintendo was founded as a. As Nintendo Karuto or Karuta by Craftsmande Fusajiro Yama. God, Yama.
Speaker A: I'm not gonna get that.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. I'm never gonna get that one. And originally produced handmade Hinafuda playing cards. There you go.
Speaker A: Amazing.
Speaker B: And now they are the Mario brother loving, italian plumber loving company we all know.
Speaker A: Have you seen the new Super Mario Brothers movie?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: I highly recommend. It's very good. Really?
Speaker B: I felt like it was going to be terrible.
Speaker A: I mean, I was of the age when the OG Super Mario brothers came out and I went to the theaters to go see that. And that was a travesty. This was significantly better than. That.
Speaker B: Is the first one, the one.
Speaker A: That has, like, John Leguizamo.
Speaker B: John Leguizamo.
Speaker A: It's.
Speaker B: God, I remember that.
Speaker A: It's very bad. He's talking about super, Super Mario Brothers, the movie, and I can't hear him.
Speaker B: Yes, yes, he is. He is. That's so funny. He can hear you.
Speaker A: I like context clues.
Speaker B: I can't imagine what this conversation is like. One way only, listening to me chamber. What do you think?
Speaker A: I can't imagine it's pleasant.
Speaker B: I can't imagine it is either. It's probably what, you know, like a scolding, disappointed Parenthood would sound like if you just, like, took out the other track of their kid, you know, being obnoxious. Like, I feel like if you just listen to this one way, I would have some kind of tone that you would not.
Speaker A: This guy's an asshole, you know?
Speaker B: Yeah, like, exactly. Right. Without the context of you and your shenanigans, I probably do sound like a total dick on this show, no? Yeah, yeah. But Mackie, it's a lot like the.
Speaker A: Garfield comics when they edit Garfield out, and it's just John Arbuckle talking to himself. Very similar to that.
Speaker B: Ah, yes, I will. I am John Arbuckle. That is. That is my character arc here on this show. Chamber. What else you got? Should we get into some. Some news?
Speaker A: Yeah, let's do it.
Speaker B: The news. The news. Let's get to the news. All right. The first one here. I'm sure you've all seen it in the last, over the weekend, the Rolling Stone article that talks about how NFTs are actually finally totally worthless. Did you see this article in Rolling Stone?
Speaker A: I did. I actually saw it on my TikTok feed. Just TikTokers dunking on NFT, you know, purchasers and holders and really, really taking a victory.
Speaker B: Were they, like, doing a choreographed dance?
Speaker A: Yeah, they were really taking a victory lap on them. Did not like it. You know, those are. Those are my people. Only I'm allowed to dunk on them. Like, I don't want some TikToker that has no skin in the game to do the dunking. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Yeah. How many eth did they make on mall?
Speaker A: Yeah, not a one. Not a.
Speaker B: Not a single one. Not a single one. If you haven't seen this, a team of researchers has crunched the numbers to explain why you don't see people hawking ugly cartoon apes on the Internet as much anymore. NFTs or non fungible tokens, once vaunted as a revolution in crypto and digital art, are largely worth it or worthless. This is a new report from Dap Gamble, a community of experts in finance and blockchain technology. Upon analysis of 73,257 collections, the authors found that 69,795 have a market cap of zero ether, the second most popular cryptocurrency behind bitcoin. In practical terms, that means 95% of NFTs wouldn't fetch a penny today, a spectacular crash for assets that reached a trading volume of 17 billion amid a frenzied bull market in 2021. The study estimates that some 23 million investors own these tokens of no practical use or value. What do you think of these?
Speaker A: I mean, I can speak to it myself. There is value because I'm using all these NFTs that I have as bait to get people into my cult on Friendtech. So yeah, jokes on you, Rolling Stone.
Speaker B: What are you giving out your hidden folders?
Speaker A: Anybody that wants one can get one on friendk using my keys, but they must be a follower of me and my cult. Totally legitimate religion.
Speaker B: Wow. I didn't know you were like, we talked Friday and you were over friends.
Speaker A: I'm back on, baby.
Speaker B: Wow. All right, well then I do have to go back to the comments because our good friend and son Crocs Maxi said that. Where is he? He says GM dads. I bought chamber Rex Frentech because Paris threads, which is Anthony rugged us.
Speaker A: Oh, what happened? What happened to Anthony? Did he rug his friend tech follow us?
Speaker B: I don't know. He went, he's making big booty mix 30 and he doesn't have time for frontech, I guess. But you have a new, you have a new holder here in the crowd and it's crocs. Maxi, what do you want to say to Crocs, who's now a holder of your key?
Speaker A: Like I said, I'm here to be a mentor to all my key holders to provide any sort of insight, whether that be spiritual, sexual, monetary. I'm here for them. There is one on one nude Zoom calls that can be scheduled on a week to week basis and I think.
Speaker B: I jweb giving a hard thumbs down over there.
Speaker A: I think the biggest, the big win by being a key holder and I think Mister House should, should get a keyhole. Should get a key very soon is you don't have to, you don't have to deal with the trivia when coming up on stage I think is the biggest.
Speaker B: That really is, that really is good. That really is good utility. If you're a fan of this show and a fan of chamber, it is a great utility that you get to bypass the trivia. I don't understand how you're now back on Friendech. Is it? What is it about it that keeps pulling you back in? Croc says we want thick with two c's. Feet.
Speaker A: Picks coming.
Speaker B: You ever seen a sasquatch footprint?
Speaker A: You haven't lived. The feet are coming again. I'm here. And that's not the only thing.
Speaker B: Stop it. God damn it. Every time.
Speaker A: Sorry. I do have some beef too, by the way, because I've been seeing everybody get some real impressions using the Kevin James meme.
Speaker B: Oh, wait a second. We're not going there yet because I got beef. I was going to bring this meme up. I was going to bring this meme up later, but now I just want to take this little past the midway point to point out that we do have the reminders up top for the rest of the week's episode for this show. We've got all week's reminders for coffee with captain and Degen Betts for later tonight. So if you don't want to miss any of that content, go up top and hit those reminders. Also helps us with discovery. Would appreciate it. Even if you don't want to discover this show, it's too late. You are here. Might as well be reminded for next time. The. Okay, let's go back to the Kevin James meme. I'm guilty.
Speaker A: It's funny.
Speaker B: Well, I have a feeling you have beef with those.
Speaker A: I have a beef with X.com.
Speaker B: Not is censoring me censoring you. Okay, well, I can't wait to hear about this. I utilized the Kevin James meme. After spending almost the entire weekend Kevin James free. I was really, really fighting the urge to use it. I did think it's funny, however, like, I saw so many people miss using it, I would say in terms of like it, they were just using it to use it. And like, what they actually had to say was not funny. And so I was like, all right, I could. I'm going to try to do better. And so I used it yesterday in reference to watching another whole day of football. I thought it was pretty good, but I'm guilty of using it. I engagement farmed via Paul Bart.
Speaker A: It's so funny though. It gets me every. The people that were using it properly made me laugh each and every time. Like, it was so consistent. This was my. I'm just. I'm just I mean, that's the look. It's so funny. I just pinned to the top my favorite one. This is. This is my favorite one. It's from the soprano guys at Uncle June, at Uncle Athenae. Uncle June. It's Meadow, dad. Are you in the mafia? Tony. That one got me the most. But yeah, mine. The only person to like mine was my wife.
Speaker B: This is not. This is not Twitter's fault.
Speaker A: How is it not? Whose fault is it? Not me.
Speaker B: It's yours. This is what we do. There's a reason we have a segment called defend that tweet. And your average tweet gets three likes.
Speaker A: It's the cabal. That is X.com is trying to censor my religious liberties, informing my new cult on friend tech. I feel.
Speaker B: Well, this is an impromptu. This is an impromptu defend that tweet. The defense is in the back, mo.
Speaker A: Hey, just get our energy going at the defensive end.
Speaker B: Your tweet from two days ago did one like. And it has 120 views, so it was not widely broadcast.
Speaker A: I do have a question. Did you see this and not like it, or did you just not see it?
Speaker B: I actually did not see this. I was not one of the. I was not one of the 120, unfortunately. So yours says her. I can't believe Nancy's boyfriend asked her to pass on him. What kind of self hating loser would do that? I hate you so much. The worst part is, like, I didn't read it before I read it out loud. I had no idea that was coming, and I'm upset that I actually read it out loud. I apologize to all the listeners, and I will be removing myself from the show from here on out. I don't know.
Speaker A: Even my wife said that was funny, that it was, a, it was funny, and b, it was.
Speaker B: I can't imagine why your wife thinks it's funny.
Speaker A: But she thought it was weird that nobody else thought it was funny because I can.
Speaker B: I'm here to tell you I understand. Count me in. The majority.
Speaker A: But you should see, you should look.
Speaker B: That understands why that tweet did not do numbers.
Speaker A: I mean, I understand it's not for the masses. Okay, I understand.
Speaker B: But one, it's not even for the 120. It was for less than 1% of the entire audience that viewed it.
Speaker A: But, yeah, I throw that in the.
Speaker B: War room and see what I challenge everybody. You've got a. You've got a great sticker in the war room about a similar topic. So, first of all, we're one away from a pattern here, right?
Speaker A: I know. I thought about that. You guys must think I'm just a devious little dirt bag. I'm very.
Speaker B: There's a reason you, you ended up not getting drafted in the catholic church.
Speaker A: That is true.
Speaker B: There's a reason you ended up not fulfilling your full potential as priest of the millennia.
Speaker A: I'll drop it in the war room and see what they say.
Speaker B: But yeah. What were we talking about? Oh, nfts being worthless. That how this whole thing started?
Speaker A: I think so.
Speaker B: So back to that article. I need to know your thoughts because, like, this was going around everywhere this weekend.
Speaker A: I actually tuned in for a few minutes on coffee with captain, and they were actually talking about it, uh, briefly or. I don't know. It was a brief amount of time I was on, so I don't know if they actually talked about it for a. I was there briefly and they.
Speaker B: Were talking about it. Um, for those who know, coffee with captain usually runs two and a half hours. There is nothing brief about it. Uh, and chamber, you may have listened briefly.
Speaker A: Yes, I think that's, that's probably a better, uh, description of what happened. Um, but they were kind of saying, like, there's. They were talking about how it could be bullish, that it's being talked about in the mainstream again, because it hadn't been for probably a year and a half. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: I think the fact that there are 6000 NfT collections that have some kind of monetary value is a lot. Yeah, like, that's a lot. It's way more than I would have actually thought. And it's funny, I'm in a group text with cap and it's actually like a bunch of his buddies. And it's like, it's kind of like an alpha group chat. And you talk about like adult stuff, like stock things. And somebody posted it this weekend and tagged me in cap and they were like, oh my God, can this possibly be true? Are the numbers as bad as this thing says? And cap, like, I would have called it more like 99.9%. So this is actually super bullish. But then we went and looked up cap, looked up how much volume the top 100 collections are doing in the last 30 days, I think it was. And the. How much volume in 30 days would you say the 100th ranked NFT collection.
Speaker A: Has done in the last 30 days in Eth?
Speaker B: Yeah, like, well, no, USDA.
Speaker A: $25,000 400k. That's pretty good.
Speaker B: That's pretty good, right? Like, that's not nothing. And like the fact that there are 6000 NFT collections that hold value 6000 plus is pretty good. I think that this number is probably highly skewed by like people experimenting with the technology.
Speaker A: Is JP's collection included in this?
Speaker B: Well, that's what I mean, like we've all like, we've all messed around and tinkered with it. Is that stuff going on? Like there's definitely not been 70,000 collections of value at one time. I would say most of those probably never had a value. I would like to see that sort of granular detail on this. Uh, I'm not defending at all the fact that, you know, most of these things are, are worthless, but I actually think, I actually think it's more skewed towards a positive thing that there's you know, 66,000 collections that have some kind of liquidity. That's way more than I would have thought. Um, I even said like, I wouldn't even be sure the top 100 did, which is what spurred captain to put it, to look it up. But yeah, interesting article. I think my favorite was NFT. People coming back and dunking on Rolling Stone for apes were in bed with Rolling Stone twice. They got two covers and one was like the first 2500 issue collectible with the ape cover. And then there was, I think one other one that they did. And like, you know, it's just funny to see everybody go full turn the other way and you know, it'll probably, if NFTs stick around as a technology, probably be one of those things that people point back to. Like the Internet article, right?
Speaker A: I mean, the funniest one I saw was, you know, the Rolling Stone article coming out and then somebody posting a screenshot of a punk sale immediately after and it was like, I forgot how much it was. It was a few hundred thousand dollars within three minutes of it. Of Rolling Stone posting that article.
Speaker B: That's pretty funny. Yeah, I don't know. Very interesting that it's worth anybody's time to even write an article about it. It means that it's, you know, I don't really know what it means. But anyway, that, that's our crypto news of the day. Where else do you want to go from here in the last ten minutes?
Speaker A: I've got, I've got, yeah, let's, let's do it.
Speaker B: Okay, so the big news today was easily the OpenAI news. Did you see this?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: Okay, so I think I pinned it up top. If not, I will. Yes, I did pin it up top. So OpenAI announced today that in the next two weeks, chat, GPT will be able to see, hear and speak. So chat GPT going full on multimodal, and it is pretty mind blowing from the demos. So you can see in my tweet, there's about a minute long demo of the image upload and recognition feature. And it's pretty mind blowing. Like, it starts off with this dude uploading a picture of his bike. And he asked chat GPT, he asked chat GPT, how do I lower, or how do I raise my bike seat, right? And then chat DBT gives you an example of, or basically tells him step by step how to lower his bike seat. But that's not the impressive part, right? Because, like, obviously it could tell you how to lower your bike seat without seeing the bike for almost every bike on the planet, right? But then, so it goes on to, like, one step further where it tells them, oh, you've got to go to this lever and lower the lever, blah, blah, blah, uploads another picture, and it's of a certain part of the bike. And he says, is this the lever I'm looking for? Chat GBT looks at the image and says, no, that's not a lever. This is blah, blah, blah. You're going to need this kind of tool for it. Oh, if you have a picture of your tools, I can tell you which one is right. And so the person then proceeds to take a picture of their manual, like their instruction manual, and their toolbox open and uploads that. And chatupt responds, awesome. You see this? You see the set of tools with the Dewalt logo on it? That's an Allen wrench. That's what you'll need for this particular part that you're asking about. And I was just kind of, like, blown away. I'm like, oh, my goodness, it's crazy. So you can imagine a billion different use cases for uploading an image like that and asking chat GPT how to do certain things, um, just instructionally, both for, like, personal and business. Like, I am doing some statistical stuff with my football things and, and, like, I'm learning how to do this stuff for the first time. But sometimes I'll see charts or images or whatever, and I'm like, oh, I wonder how to recreate that. If I could just, like, screen grab something and ask it what it is and how to do it like that. That's a step that right now might take me super long, even with talking to chat TBT, because I don't have the contextual knowledge to be able to ask it the proper question, you know what I mean? But if it sees and can see what is on a chart and what type of chart it is or what kind of statistical modeling it's using. Well, then it can tell me exactly what I need to do. I don't know. It's pretty mind blowing. Uh, what do you think? Had you seen this today?
Speaker A: Um, I actually did see it, uh, from your tweet, uh, a few hours ago. My favorite part, though, is at the end, uh, the guy's like, oh, thanks, chat GPT. It worked. And then chat GPT replies, oh, you're welcome. Please let me know if you need anything else. Safe writing. And I'm like, this is too much. Uh, how polite are you to your.
Speaker B: Uh, I'm, I am extremely that person. That is me, 100%. I thank chat GPT constantly. I love me mostly, mostly just for the things I have in my life. It's like I'm praying to it or going around the table at Thanksgiving and just telling it, thank you for all of your beautiful bounty that you have bestowed upon me. That kind of thing.
Speaker A: I got it, I got it. I've gotten more answers from chat GPT, I'll tell you that much. I'm still trying to figure out the name of this episode.
Speaker B: Never mind. I now know why you were not drafted as a priest.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm trying to figure out the name of this episode. I like to name the episode at the end. And I like alliteration. And I still haven't figured it out yet. So if, if you have any thoughts, please let me know.
Speaker B: Check GPC, maybe. No, no, see, as in, like, it can see images and GP, you know? You ever heard of it? God damn it, I hate you.
Speaker A: I had Kevin James. I wrote down Kevin James memes.
Speaker B: Kevin James memes.
Speaker A: And something that rhymes with that. Yeah.
Speaker B: Gotta be, no, there's gotta be sandwich talk.
Speaker A: I agree.
Speaker B: Yeah. Mike's way. Jersey Mike. Something, something along those lines. Subway, $5.
Speaker A: It's Jersey Mike. Okay, I'll get it, I'll get it. But it's gonna be Kevin James. And Jersey Mike's something like.
Speaker B: Just ask Patrick. But the other cool thing that it can now do is it can also, like, so the desktop and mobile version will now be able to take audio input from you so you can actually have a kind of two way conversation with it rather than just typing everything you want. Right. And then, and it'll actually speak back to you. So the other demo video that they showed was somebody like a mother asking chatubt for a bedtime story about a hedgehog named Larry. And they, and Chatubt then tells you the like speaks the story to you. It's pretty interesting. So I think that will be useful on the go. Right? Like sometimes text interface is not the best way or most convenient way to interact with these things, but like, natural language speaking probably gets the job done just as well. And now you can talk to it and it will talk back to you if you would like. What do you think?
Speaker A: I'm just worried about the moment where Arnold Schwarzenegger signs an exclusive deal with chat JPT to become the voice of chat JPT.
Speaker B: Ah, I have a log language model.
Speaker A: I predicted this a long time ago.
Speaker B: Ah, get to the, get to the tech box.
Speaker A: That's as a logic model.
Speaker B: I cannot deal with your puny brain.
Speaker A: Yeah, the uh, the rebellion is coming. Um, if that happens, the Arnold rebellion.
Speaker B: The terminate, it's just straight. Absolutely, absolutely.
Speaker A: John Connor has been born.
Speaker B: Anything else you want to touch on or should we just land this bird?
Speaker A: Let me just look at my notes here. I think that was your job for.
Speaker B: Wednesday, is to find the nine.
Speaker A: Yes, I will find that we have pain.
Speaker B: We have pain as a producer on Wednesday. Is that true? Okay, so then we're also, we're also going to dive into this walk on topic that's here, what to do in Nashville. I feel like there's a great Nashville conversation to be had and pain can be there for it. So we'll do those things on Wednesday. Anything else?
Speaker A: I think that does it for me. Yeah, I think that. I don't have anything else. I'm just waiting for the crypto kicks. My.
Speaker B: Yes, they're coming to you. I'm mailing them out.
Speaker A: Oh.
Speaker B: Are you okay? Yeah, check.
Speaker A: I just got a reminder for my.
Speaker B: November look, I have absolutely, I have absolutely nothing to do with size 13 team shoes. So it's not like I'm trying to keep them from you, that's for sure. I did sell them all on Stockx for $15,000 each. You can have what, your initial price? That's fine.
Speaker A: That's a win.
Speaker B: Yeah, that is, especially in this market. There's one more big piece of AI news, but we'll save it for, we'll save the deep dive for Wednesday. But it was announced today that anthropic, who is behind Claude, they are getting up to $4 billion investment from Amazon. And so Amazon is going to be a massive partner with anthropic and Claude with AWS as their official cloud provider and all of those interesting things. So we can deep dive that on Wednesday, but as for now. That is going to do it for today. Until next time, keep the mic hot.
