Speaker A: We have to start with the Des message. No.
Speaker B: Yeah, that message was very good.
Speaker A: Okay. I think we have plenty of people in here for the. For at least to start this discussion, at least from the three of us on stage, for sure. Prior to that, give us a little bit of a, like a retweet, all of those things. Also, setting reminders up top for coffee with the captain for, I guess, next week. Wow, look at that proactivity that cap is dealing to. Jesus. I can't even get ready for a show the same day. And caps already got his alerts out for next week, so. But give us this answer in the chat. Okay, so this came from Des, who, as you all know, former co host of the show, who is somehow still allowed in our host group chat, as is V squared. Like, there's like ten people in this.
Speaker B: We have, we have the same Opsec as Ledger 45678.
Speaker A: There's nine people in our group chat. I don't know who half of them are. I'm just going to start booting people.
Speaker B: Yeah, we also have the guy that attacked the ledger wallet. He's also a part.
Speaker A: Charles Hackenledger.
Speaker B: Yes, sir.
Speaker A: He's in there. But. So des popped in with a fantastic opening question for us today. I don't know where. He said, oh, TikTok. He said. Yeah, he said he found this on TikTok. He said, the question is, how many owls would you have to see in a day to think something is up? How many owls would you have to see in a day to start thinking something is up? Like, what the hell is going on? You said you also saw this.
Speaker B: Yeah, I have seen. I have seen this TikTok trend is this.
Speaker A: So, like, I'm way more qualified to answer this than I was the roman empire, let's put it that way.
Speaker B: Much more qualified.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. And so, bonus question here. How many to think that the world was ending and you must take shelter. So the question is, how many owls must you see in one day to think something was up? And then also, bonus question, how many owls would you have to see to think the world is ending and you must take shelter? Chamber. Let's go to you first.
Speaker B: I mean, so you're, you're walking, you're walking in the park, I'm assuming. You know what I mean? And these, these have to be, I.
Speaker A: Mean, you could be, if you're walking in the park, that's one thing. But, like, if you're outside your house.
Speaker B: You know, I mean, are they perched on my. Yeah, they perched on my car.
Speaker A: I think part of this has to be like, how many different locations you see owls? You know?
Speaker B: That is true. I mean, I'm assuming I'm in their territory.
Speaker A: See, I'm assuming they're not there in mine, because if I'm, if I'm in owl territory, then there's, it's got to be a really substantial amount of owls for me to think something's wrong.
Speaker B: If I see one owl on, in my yard, I'm already freaking out. I feel one in, in.
Speaker A: That's what I mean, right? So, like, is it? That's why I think you have to not be like, you go to the zoo, you see ten owls, you're not going to think something's up. You go to your backyard, you see ten owls, you're like, holy fuck. I don't have a go bag.
Speaker B: Right. Yeah, I I feel too, I feel.
Speaker A: Like this is your roman empire question.
Speaker B: Yeah. I feel like if I'm seeing two in a place that I'm not supposed to see them, I'm freaking out. If I'm. Again, if I'm taking a stroll in the woods, you know, maybe, maybe a little trail walk or something like that. If I see five, like, I'm, I'm freaking out. As far as the end of the world goes, fuck.
Speaker A: It's double digit album.
Speaker B: I don't even think it's double digit. I think it's six. Like, five. I'm freaking out. Six, it's the end of the world.
Speaker A: Well, I have bad news for you. Our buddy Neil. Yeah, I just pinned that to the top. That's, that's a number of owls. What's a, uh, what's a, what's a flock of owls called? Do we know?
Speaker B: An Armageddon.
Speaker A: I'm gonna look it up.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, that's, that's bad news.
Speaker A: A group. Oh, of course we know this. Never mind. By the way, my answer is. Yeah, my, I definitely knew this. My, my answer in the chat was just one. Kevin Rose. That was my answer in the chat. Just one owl would scare me into thinking the world was ending and it would be Kevin Rose. If I see that guy in person, I'm thinking something is very wrong. A group of owls, of course, is called a parliament.
Speaker B: Not to be confused with the seventies funk band parliament.
Speaker A: Well, yeah, right. Moonbirds. Obviously. They have a, they have their parliaments, which is their, their calls and stuff. We did have a speaker request up, so before that, before we get to pain, because I need to have pain's answer on this. As well. Let's go down to golden Spruce. However, golden spruce, you know, long time listener to us, but I don't know if you've listened much to the new format. Um, first of all, I'm pretty sure golden spruce is a big owl guy in general. So let me see if I could get golden spruce a little owl trivia.
Speaker B: I wonder how many, I wonder how many owls, like a species of owls he could name.
Speaker A: I don't know how many you could name to fact check.
Speaker B: I mean, I feel like I could get three.
Speaker A: Three species of owls I didn't even know that there was. All right, here's, here's your trivia question. Golden spruce, what unique physical feature allows owls to rotate their heads up to 270 and 270 degrees?
Speaker C: They have extra vertebrae in their neck.
Speaker A: Dude, I told you golden spruce was an owl guy.
Speaker B: I believe golden spruce is actual name of a bird. Also, if I'm not 100% correct, I'm.
Speaker A: Actually not too sure golden spruce isn't an owl. I mean, he might be an owl. The answer is fascinating. Owls have a unique adaptation in their necks where they have 14 neck vertebrae compared to the usual seven in most birds. This combined with a specialized blood pooling system. Oh, I need that, whatever that is. Give me that. Specialized blood pooling system that allows them to rotate their heads extensively without cutting off blood flow to the brain. Wow. Golden spruce, you nailed that. Gm. What's going on? How many owls?
Speaker C: Gm? It only takes one. If you see an owl, it's a message. You know, there, there aren't a lot of owls out there. I'm from Canada in BC. They're, they're running out of spotted owls. They're getting very rare. The habitat. Deforestation is a problem. There's not enough old growth trees anymore to maintain the owl population in British Columbia. So it only takes one. You see an owl, it's a message. You got to read your horoscope. I want you to go to a chinese place and get those fortune cookies. Backyard, it's, you know, I even see a rabbit. That's basically our food. I'm in Edmonton right now, and I see a jackrabbit maybe every other week or so, every couple of weeks. And when I do, I long. I literally come home if I see that rabbit, and I long market, baby.
Speaker A: That's incredible. Chamber. That's about as good of an answer as we could have hoped for.
Speaker B: I feel like golden spruce needs to be up on stage a little bit more frequently.
Speaker A: Well, I mean, that owl, especially if we're talking owls. I mean, owl talk with golden spruce, maybe. You know, I I.
Speaker C: You guys are messing with my head. I can't believe you're talking about alice right now. I'm euphoric. That's. That's incredible.
Speaker A: I mean, this is, this is what we've come to at this show.
Speaker B: We're making dreams come true.
Speaker A: That's it. You know, we. Last week it was turtles. This week it's owls. We're going to have the weekly zoo as a segment here. Speaking of owls, first of all, I thank you, golden spruce, because I think that was a great answer. My favorite part of that answer was, uh, that you had to go get a fortune cookie from the chinese food place because, like, what's it gonna say? Just like, you're gonna open it up if it's just gonna be like, run, or. Or what?
Speaker B: Like, you will see many owls today.
Speaker A: Long, long the market.
Speaker C: I like that it's on the chinese calendar. It's the year of the rabbit right now, dude. Jackrabbits and hares and whatnot.
Speaker A: So are you, like, leveraged long right now, then? Because you got to be. You got to be. That's a sign. If you're long in the market at the sign of a jackrabbit, you've got to be. You've got to be, like, gigalong, huh?
Speaker C: I'm. I have a bunch of Solana shit coins. I forgot all the stuff. I prayed and prayed last night. Didn't sleep much, and that's definitely the case. But, you know, the other thing is that I just love owls and I, you know, barn owls. Barn owls. If you know, you know, there's.
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker C: Several of them were burned this year. Our collection is. It was like 3000. And the collection is actually getting smaller. We're getting more and more scarce as we go. It was an art refresh. I just had to slip that in there. Thank you.
Speaker A: Fantastic. Uh, you have. You're welcome to seal the barn owls anytime after that fantastic owl commentary. Speaking of owls, pain gm.
Speaker E: I mean, how am I supposed to follow that?
Speaker A: Oh, you're not. Just. How many hours?
Speaker E: Okay, um, well, my original answer was dependent on. On, like you said, um, the location. Am I walking through the park or am I, you know, at my place of residence?
Speaker A: Well, I. Based on golden Spruce's answer, it doesn't fucking matter where you are. You see one owl last year?
Speaker E: I did see, I haven't been back to this park since, probably because there was an owl, but I saw an owl in Nashville in the park not too long ago.
Speaker A: Haven't been back since the Nat. Home of. Home of the Nashville owls.
Speaker B: Nashville hasn't been the same since, by the.
Speaker A: Sure hasn't. By the way, we never got into the fact that you absolutely hated Nashville, and I did. I'm, like, wanted to dive into this.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, I've been to Nashville. I think it was the third time I've been to Nashville. First two times were fantastic.
Speaker A: So were you, like, expecting more than your last times? You know exactly what to expect.
Speaker B: No, it's gotten worse. Like, it's like, all I saw, it was, like.
Speaker A: It's certainly been built up over the last couple years.
Speaker B: Yeah, it was the people. It was the. It was the. Not the fine people of Tennessee, but the. The visitors to the city of Nashville was just.
Speaker A: They call it Nashvagas for a reason.
Speaker E: Oh.
Speaker B: But I mean, I like. I like Las Vegas. It was just the worst type of people. It was just, like, shitty. Like, kind of. Maybe, I want to say maybe a little bit on the richer side. People. It was only adults, and if you did see kids, and I mean, like, kids as young as five to, like, as old as, like, 15 or 16, they were just the worst pieces of shit kids, you know, you could ever see. And it was just. Yeah, it was just, like, very cash grabby. Like, everything was like. I don't know. It just seemed like it wasn't cool anymore. It was very uncool.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, you know, pain. Would you like to defend your city, or are you just gonna take this slander, or do you agree with.
Speaker E: Oh, I agree 100%. That's why I live on the outskirts of Nashville, so I don't have to deal with all that propaganda.
Speaker B: It is. It's exactly what it is. That's.
Speaker A: And honestly, you must have enjoyed such a nice meal at the golden corral or wherever the fuck you went.
Speaker B: It was the highlight of my trip. Like, I'm telling you, highlight of the trip. You know, spend having some breakfast with pain and counting dead deer on the way to Nashville on the way back. Like, that was. That was the highlights.
Speaker A: At least they weren't owls.
Speaker B: They weren't.
Speaker A: Fuck.
Speaker B: If I saw dead owls on the side of the road, like, I saw dead deer get out of town, we wouldn't be able to.
Speaker A: Well, then you're really. Then it's really Armageddon.
Speaker B: End times.
Speaker A: Yeah. I like using chat GBT to give me the trivia questions. I think I'm gonna stick with that. What do you think?
Speaker B: That's good. That's the move. That's the move for sure.
Speaker A: So where do you want to go today? We got, we got some decent stuff to talk about in the crypto streets. You've named this bonk top and crypto safety. So let's, let's go there. Where do you want to go first?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think, you know, we have to be, we have to put it on wax, as the kids say.
Speaker A: Oh, wow, look at you with that term. You're putting it on wax.
Speaker B: Yeah. I heard a couple of shitty kids in Nashville say that, so I figured. But no, I mean, yesterday we had the big, the big news of the day. Great space with, with Steve and Chris, by the way.
Speaker A: Oh, sorry. Yeah.
Speaker B: No, great space. Yeah. Stephen Cap, fantastic space yesterday. I had so many good. There was, it was funny, too. Like, most people listen to that show and it was very informative. I was laughing all of the time. And, you know, there was, it was.
Speaker A: Was yesterday the day that you went up on stage?
Speaker B: No, that was like Tuesday. Tuesday or Wednesday.
Speaker A: I missed that. I had the phone. I was in the space, but I.
Speaker B: Was, I forgot what I even said.
Speaker A: And then I literally, so I had it on silent for a couple minutes and then I went to go put the sound back on. And literally, you, on the mid mic crisis account were like, finishing up what you were saying. And I was like, oh, no. What did he say?
Speaker B: It was something again when I go up.
Speaker A: Oh, you were talking trump nfts.
Speaker B: I think that's what it was. I didn't believe the Trump nft is apparently certain ones were coming with a piece of the suit he wore during his mug shot.
Speaker A: Oh, wow. What? That's utility. It.
Speaker B: But in, my point was, in no fucking world is he actually giving away a piece of that. Like, that is not going to be the suit. Like, you'll get a piece of fabric. It's not happening. It's, it's not happening.
Speaker A: Needs to be PSA certified.
Speaker B: He's going to take this time not to scam people.
Speaker A: Why not?
Speaker B: This is the time. He doesn't scam somebody.
Speaker A: There's game worn jerseys.
Speaker B: Oh, I know that. Those are from reputable people.
Speaker A: I mean, he was the president of the United States. He's got some reputation.
Speaker B: Like, just.
Speaker A: Oh, my God, people, people tell me the suit is very hot. People tell me the suit, it's like an hour. When you see it, you better run because I'm coming in hot.
Speaker B: It's like an owl. Because all you want to say is because who, who could be wearing such a great suit.
Speaker A: Who. There we go. That's it. That's the best owl band out there. Anyway, back to. Back to yesterday's coffee with captain. Yes.
Speaker B: His coffee with captain was fantastic. Obviously, there was the ledger hack that was happening. Ledger hardware wallet, which is a staple in the crypto world as far as a way to, quote, unquote, safely store.
Speaker A: Your bitcoin ethereum safely in quotes, for sure. This is the last straw for them.
Speaker B: Oh, this is at least strike three, right?
Speaker A: Company built on, literally trust. Like, that's what this is, right? You are securing your people's life savings in. In a. You know, on something that looks like a thumb drive. And this is like the third or fourth mega foul. I believe that ledger. So.
Speaker B: Just like an owl. Just like an owl.
Speaker A: You know, this is why I stick around, because you get me. This is it. This is why you get.
Speaker B: Mega foul.
Speaker A: Yeah. Mega foul. Yeah. So, I mean. But it's like, how many times is enough? I don't use a ledger anymore. I haven't since the last time this shit happened. What do you use?
Speaker B: I use. I do have a ledger, but I don't use it like it literally is.
Speaker A: I have two ledgers, but there's nothing on them anymore because I don't have fucking trust it.
Speaker B: I don't use it to transact when I'm doing trading and stuff like that. It's on exchanges and using my metamask.
Speaker A: I went totally different. Hardware wallet company. I.
Speaker B: What do you use?
Speaker A: I use a lattice grid, and it sits on my desktop. It's got a touchscreen. It is glorious. It is. It was expensive, but it's worth it to secure your bag mid my crisis.
Speaker B: Brought to you by lattice grid.
Speaker A: Lattice grid. They're frequently out of stock, so I don't even know if they have them.
Speaker B: Calico cup pants.
Speaker A: That's right. It doesn't really exist. You gotta give. You gotta give the. I had a. Speaking of. I had a calico cut situation the other day.
Speaker B: Did you?
Speaker A: We won't get into that here. But I did.
Speaker B: We'll talk about it. Maybe on another show. I'll remember. I'll remember to bring it up, but. Yeah. So anyways, the. Steve and Chris did a phenomenal job of breaking it down. They. I forget who the other company was, now that I think about it, was ledger and Revoke. Was it Revoke, yeah, but Revoke.
Speaker A: Revoke wasn't actually hacked.
Speaker B: Correct.
Speaker A: Revoke was doing the Lord's work and found out about the hack. And they're in such a weird spot. I think they did the very integrity based, responsible thing by taking down their front end. They're in, they're in such a weird spot where it's like anytime something like this happens, the first thing people do is go to Revoke, right. And like click around and unsubscribe to everything. And so they do have like this, even though totally not their fault, they do have this weird responsibility to kind of stay on top of that stuff, right?
Speaker B: No, totally. One of the funny moments for me was Steve Orcap, I don't know who sets the title, but the title of the space was, you know, ledger Revoke hack or whatever.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And then somebody from Revoke came up.
Speaker A: The one guy that runs, and he.
Speaker B: Was, he was fantastic. The one guy, he's like, I was at a cafe and, you know, I.
Speaker A: Think his name is Charles. Revoke.
Speaker B: Shall revoke.
Speaker A: Revoke. It's actually, that is actually, it's not revoked cash. It's just reve.
Speaker B: That's right. It's french. But it was funny because at one point in, you know, when he was on stage, he's like, I saw the name of your space. So I figured I had to come up and Steve's like, I could hear Steve's voice like, oh, shit. Like I put, I put your name in the title to get, you know, to get eyeballs on the space.
Speaker A: Which is funny because, you know, they've actually even had, or people have like, started beefs with other morning shows on cap and Steve's behalf without them even asking about, like, the naming tactics of, like, the engagement farming naming tactics of some of the morning show spaces. And I think that's pretty funny.
Speaker B: Yeah, it was funny watching Steve or listening to Steve in real time massage the type and then literally went back.
Speaker A: And Steve is an expert, consummate professional at doing that. Like, he's a pros.
Speaker B: Pro.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And then, and then fix the title while he was on stage. So removed, he revoked revoke from the title of the space, which I thought was very funny. And then at peak, you know, they were getting a lot of, they were getting a lot of listeners on that show. And at the peak of the show, I noticed that Steve's book tweet got moved to the front of the jumbotron. And I thought that was very funny, too. I'm like, good for Steve. Like, wait a way to. This is what we're here for. We got to use our leverage in our favor at times. So I appreciated that very much.
Speaker A: 1 second here. I'm preparing Steve's trivia question chat. GPT is coming up with it right now. It will also be Owl based and. All right, Steve GM, are you ready for your Owl based trivia?
Speaker F: I'm going to be straight with you. This may be the first time on this stage where I will actually google the answer and not have integrity. I have answered every one of these honestly, but I don't know much about owls.
Speaker A: Okay, well, here you go. You ready? Before founding dig, Kevin Rose was involved in a popular tv show that focused on technology, hacking and startups. What was the name of this tv show?
Speaker F: Okay, is it, was it literally called the Kevin Rose show?
Speaker A: Uh, I don't know. That is not what Chachi Bt is telling me. Cha chi Bt is known to hallucinate, though, so maybe. Hold on, let me make sure this show is real.
Speaker F: There was a show called the Kevin Rose show, which is why I was taking a shot at it. I probably should have just googled it instead, but there literally was a show called the Kevin Rose show. Positive.
Speaker A: Yeah. So this show does exist. It ran from 2003 to 2005. He was a co host and. Yeah, he was a co host of this show.
Speaker F: I. God damn it. I have, I have no idea. Let me, I mean, now I'm just outing myself because I'm definitely, well, I.
Speaker A: Mean, you love owls. Big Kevin Rose guy, like, he's, this is, you should know this. I don't, I didn't know. I did not know this, nor would I ever know this. So I don't blame you. But you want to just throw out a guess or.
Speaker F: He wasn't, like someone said recently, he was on attack at the show, but it wasn't that because Kevin Pereira was on attack of the show. Someone makes him.
Speaker A: So he was on that show, apparently.
Speaker F: Is that the answer?
Speaker A: It is not. But, but looking up, researching the answer, he, he, it says he co hosted attack of the show. The answer, I'll give you the, you know, I'll give you the attack of the show because I want to hear what you guys. Yeah, the, the answer is called the screen savers.
Speaker F: I screens.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker B: It's, that's such a 2003 to 2005 show name, by the way.
Speaker A: Totally.
Speaker F: Literally exactly what I was thinking. I was like, that sounds like it existed in the early two thousands. The screensaver. It's clever.
Speaker A: I. Yeah, I've got the IMDb pulled up. Let's see. Wow. Yeah, the screensaver. So, Steve, GM, tell us about your.
Speaker F: Experience yesterday when chamber state is going to laugh. When he was laughing throughout the show, I knew that's exactly where he was going. First of all, that was incredible. I knew that he was going to be like, the squirming. So here's first of all, two things. One, to my credit, the book plug thing, that was actually all cap being a homie. I wasn't even thinking about it.
Speaker A: And then all of a sudden definitely was. Yes. Cap snuck in with the, oh, by the way, Steve. And like, gave you the perfect handoff for like a 500 person room.
Speaker F: It was, it was, yeah, there's like 500 people in this room. We did like 5000 in and out or something on the show.
Speaker B: And I'm pretty sure I saw it at about 900 when I noticed the tweet. So it was, it was, it was up there.
Speaker F: Yeah, at different points, it was like seven, eight, nine, whatever the number was. And cap just goes, and Steve, is there a book? And he like, teed it up very seamlessly. And like, my eyes got real wide. I'm like, yeah, I suppose with 900 people I should plug it. And I plugged it like one more time, gratuitously later. But it was a, it was a homie move. So I appreciate a cap on that. So with the show title thing, at first it was a honest mistake. Where I woke up, information wasn't super clear. Revoked cache wasn't working. And actually I put it in the title initially because truthfully, to your point, that bunch you made, the first thing I did in the morning was try to go to revoke cash. When I said that, when I saw what happened, to make sure I revoked all my ledger permissions and the front end was down. So we're like, oh, okay, revoke got hacked. Revoke got hacked as well. So that was the title we had for a while. And, yeah, then Revoke caf shows up and by then we were well aware we just hadn't changed the title. And I kind of kept it in there, like, and this is probably terrible, but like, honestly, my thought was like, people are going to try to go to revoke cash. So we probably want anybody who's lazy and just sees the title not to go there because the product is really good and, like, worked really well. And it's literally the first place I went. Then, of course, like, like you said chamber, I just felt like the biggest asshole. Cause like, I was like, I literally.
Speaker A: Revoke came up.
Speaker F: Yeah, once charles. Once Charlay Revo came up, I was.
Speaker A: Just like, reveille III came up and said, yo, what the fuck? I wasn't hacked. I'm doing the Lord's work.
Speaker F: Yeah, charlay revoke Bartholomew the third, esquire jumps up, and I just felt like such an asshole. Cause, like, he's sitting there saying, like. Like he's going through the paces in which he painstakingly ran out of a meeting outside to the office to shut down to make sure nobody was affected before anybody woke up. And we're sitting there saying, like, these guys are getting hacked in the title. So I did tell him, I, like, literally said, I'm like, you know what? Taking it out of the title right now after talking to you, and I just could picture chamber, like, laughing his ass off.
Speaker A: I don't think.
Speaker F: I don't think a lot of other people get the pleasure out of, like, me squirming as much as chamber. And I love that.
Speaker A: It's so good.
Speaker F: I'm just. When you said I started laughing, I'm like, I bet it was about the revoke cash thing. I knew exactly where it was going, so it was.
Speaker B: And again, as Bunch said, you were absolute pro. But I. Yeah, when he was talking and, you know, you got to the point where you're like, you know what? We're taking it out of the title. That was. I was. I was dying. That was terrific.
Speaker F: Well, not everybody knows me as well as you do. Like, you know me pretty well. You know, my reactions, you know, like, how I react. So it's like, not everybody's gonna catch that the same way you do. But, like, you, I could just picture you now, smiling ear to ear, as I'm saying. So I appreciate that you got that.
Speaker B: No, it was great. And again, it was a phenomenal show, so I listened. I think that was, like, the first coffee with captain I've listened to all the way through in a few months. I didn't want to say ever.
Speaker F: Hey, same, same.
Speaker A: So, yeah, Steve, before you. You go now you have to answer the owl question. How many owls is enough for you to think something is up? Like, how many owls you got to see think, oh, man, something is up? And then, secondly, how many to be convinced that the world is ending?
Speaker F: Okay, so I think to the point context matters. I think. I think chamber and Payne hit on that very well. Um, I may change my point with. With golden spruce as an owl expert, I'd say, now, one is enough for me to go buy a lottery ticket. But I would say if it is in a. Cause, I do a lot of woods, hiking and walking. If I see a couple owls once, I see more than two owls in the woods. That's concerning. If I see two for me, it's two in regular context. Three or more in the woods. And if I see five or more, I think the world is ending. I think that those are my numbers.
Speaker A: Five or more. That's a pretty good. That's a pretty good number. Now, would they all have to be together? Because I would say, like, if you're just walking around, you see a parliament, you know, nothing too out of the ordinary.
Speaker F: Yeah. Like, to me, it's like seeing them.
Speaker A: What are you laughing about?
Speaker F: Seeing them isolate it, I think is the part that would scare me more. Cause I think if you see, like. Cause I've seen, like, a group of. I have seen a parliament of owls. Or at least is it still a parliament if it's a family or do they. I don't know how that. But either way, if I. I've seen a parliament of owls together when I've been, like, riding my bike in the morning through the woods, and it's like, you know, two big owls and, like, three or four little owls, and I'm like, okay, that. That's not world is ending. That is just.
Speaker A: God, you see a lot of owls, man. I can tell you the last time I saw an owl.
Speaker F: Oh, there's my. We have to close the window at night sometimes. Cause the owls are hooting because my dog will, like, get mad at them. Because we live by a very. We're, like, a mile away from, like, a major nature preserve. So, like, we see, like, deer owls. Like, you have to be hyper aware. Cause people don't realize, like, those things will all mow you down if you're not careful. But, like, we see deer, we see owls, raccoon, like, you name it. Like, occasionally you get a good possum in the middle of the street that's been run over. And those things are terrifying, even though they're very actually helpful in getting rid of critters. Bats. When we're swinging in our pool at night, we just have bats flying overhead.
Speaker A: Yeah, we're in a similar boat. We've. I could probably name an entire, like, noah's ark worth of different animal species that just, like, travel through my backyard.
Speaker F: Yeah, it's pretty. It's pretty crazy. But yeah, I would say snakes. Really good snakes around here, but they're always gartner snakes. So, like, they're good for scaring people, but they're not actually, like, anything to be afraid of. Um, but, yeah, that would be my. My inclination is, like, if I see a group, because I've seen, like, a family riding my bike in the morning and I'm like, okay. Like, it's like four or 05:00 a.m. they're just out. But if I see isolated, like three owls, I'm like, there's some shit going down. You know what I mean? Like foxes we see. But yeah, that would be, that would be the few. Seeing them together, I think, is less concerning now. If it's like five adult owls together, it's, it's still not as concerning if they're just hanging. That's just, that's just dudes being dudes, you know?
Speaker A: That's right. It's, that's fouls being fouls. Owls being owls. Parliament just getting together. Run it up for the weekend, you know?
Speaker F: For sure.
Speaker A: Chamber. What are you laughing about?
Speaker B: I'm looking at, I was looking at my laptop and then there's a message in our discord group that says, check the title. And I looked down on my phone and it made me chortle.
Speaker F: The title. Whoever just did that is that pain.
Speaker A: I did it. While you guys were talking, I did it.
Speaker F: Oh, it's well played. That's amazing.
Speaker A: Yeah, man. All right, let me, let's, let's go over chamber. Are we officially getting stood up? What's the deal?
Speaker B: No, I actually just got a message from Michael. Michael from Wallet guard is going to be joining us, I think, in a couple minutes. So we'll keep our eyes peeled for that.
Speaker F: He's got big hair. You ever seen that guy?
Speaker B: No. I love a big hair.
Speaker F: Big, big, big hair guy. If you go to his profile and find a picture, major big hair.
Speaker B: Interesting. And this is coming from, you know, no slouch in the big hair department such as yourself.
Speaker F: I've got hair. He's got, you just got to look. It's enormous hair.
Speaker B: It's like Lindsey Buckingham big hair.
Speaker F: I have to, I have to, I have to look up Lindsay Buckingham hair.
Speaker B: Now for, it's like Dennis from it's always sunny.
Speaker F: Oh, that's, that's a good reference, but think bigger. I'm gonna, I'm gonna post, I'm gonna post a picture up top. He's got, he's got enormous hair. I'll find a picture.
Speaker B: I don't think he's in. I don't know if he's prepared for what he's in for.
Speaker A: I don't think so either. Especially we should change the title to wallet guard hack outer lumen. Are you ready? You've got a trivia question lined up here.
Speaker G: I'm ready.
Speaker A: It is about owls and I promise this one does not have a Kevin Rose twisted to it. Owls are known for their exceptional nocturnal hunting abilities. What unique feature of their feathers enables them to fly almost silently, making them formidable night hunters. Whoa.
Speaker G: I don't know if I remember. Is it some kind of, like, direction of the plume on the feather? I have no idea. I'm making that up.
Speaker A: Not, not too far off it is. So the answer to this question lies in the structure of their feathers. Owls have specially adapted feathers with soft edges that reduce noise, allowing them to fly silently and undetected while hunting their prey. This adaptation is crucial for their hunting technique, especially at night.
Speaker G: I did not google it. I just went for it.
Speaker A: Outer lumen. How many owls would it take you to be concerned for your safety? That something is up?
Speaker G: Like, in my kitchen. One outside, maybe like 2020.
Speaker A: Okay, that's the highest number we've heard so far today. In your kitchen, one, I think is the right answer. I would even say, like, any owl tracings in your kitchen. Like, anything. Yeah.
Speaker G: Like a tablet.
Speaker A: Yeah. Anything that suggested an owl may have in your kitchen, I think. Talons. How many talons in your wallet before you buy a moon?
Speaker G: Oh, my God. I am completely out of the moonbird loop, except I still have a nested day one moonbird. I just don't have. I haven't had time to keep up with any of it. But I'm.
Speaker A: Don't worry, nothing's going on.
Speaker G: Okay, thank you for the TLDR. Nothing is going on is the best Tldr ever. I wanted to. Can someone just clarify which legendary episode of coffee with captain I missed? Because now I'm going to play it at some point. Was it Wednesdays or this would have.
Speaker A: Been yesterday's during the revoke cash hack.
Speaker G: Okay, got it. I will listen back to this, but here's, here's the story from divide and I, Zen, because it's kind of hilarious. We were completely offline yesterday because we're working on our, our rental.
Speaker C: Heard.
Speaker A: How's that going?
Speaker G: Oh, it's going, but because we're not, like, I'm just playing Spotify through speakers and we're, like, drywalling and muddying and, like, we're completely removed from, from all of it. And, and then, like, at around four or five, I check in and I'm just like, what is happening? And you kind of get the news all at once and trying to understand what actually happened. So I check that our precious jpegs were okay, but I wanted to tell you guys this chat GPT story in case this alpha helps someone. And then I got to go and finish doing all right. So David and I changed the thermostat on our furnace, and we're reviving, like, an ecobee in it instead, which is digital instead of, like, this really old one. Anyways. So we're like, it works. Everything is fine. And then we're like, okay, we'll put a piece of drywall in, make it all official, and then rewire it back. So we rewire it back. No power, no furnace. Like, we had to give it up overnight. And then this is yesterday morning, we come back and we're like, we have to fix this. It's like five degrees celsius in here. It's terrible. Anyways, here's the alpha. We're like, we should call somebody. I'm like. And we're like, no, we're not calling anybody. This is ridiculous. We'll chat GPT it. So the alpha is, before you call any kind of professional, make sure you chat to your problem because it totally was like, are you trying out the thermostat reconnection? Uh, and you don't have the COVID back on your furnace because it has a safety switch and it won't start. We're like, oh, my God, you just save.
Speaker A: Was that it? That was it. It was it.
Speaker G: We just kept leaving the fucking cover off and it wouldn't start. It would have no power. But if we imagine we call the service guy $200 later to tell us to put the fucking cover on. I would have, I would have died.
Speaker A: Did. So I was good, first of all. Great. Alpha, my next question to you was, did you take a picture and upload the picture and use vision or did you just ask it?
Speaker G: So we just asked it because I actually, I suggested we go to Bard because, I don't know, I posted it, I think, in the Djen discord, right? Like, where you could upload images, but we just had our phones and we have chai GPT mobile. So Devi just wrote out, like, an elaborate explanation.
Speaker A: Well, you can. You can upload pictures on mobile now too.
Speaker G: Oh, can you? Okay. I wasn't sure. I haven't been keeping up with that either. And I wasn't sure if it could.
Speaker A: Problem solve the image, so it definitely can. I've done almost a similar, a very similar thing to what you just mentioned where I was stuck on something. I took a picture of it and I just like, how, what, where is this? And it was like, oh, look under this. You're looking at, you're looking at X, Y and Z. Here's the thing you're looking for. I was like, oh, thank you. Just do everything for me, please.
Speaker G: And, yeah, that was my alpha, in case anyone's listening.
Speaker A: And they're like, good alpha. Especially if you're, you know, chamber. If you're ever doing anything around the house or like, you know, I imagine this will be a good thing to have for the holiday time if you're assembling things, I think is probably a good way to do this too. Like, what's the optimal way to assemble something?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Take a picture and upload it and it'll tell you what to do.
Speaker B: I have a. I have a big project ahead of me. My one daughter wanted a gaming. This high end gaming chair, and it came in a fucking box. And I'm very upset about it.
Speaker A: That's the worst, isn't it?
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm very upset about it. It's in. It's hidden away right now, but.
Speaker A: Yeah, like, just don't buy me gifts that I have to put together. Don't.
Speaker B: Well, I'm gonna have to put it together. I would hate, like. So there's two options. I could wrap it in the box and give it to her, or I could assemble it and then put it in her. In her game room and, like, put a bow on it. And I think that's the better way to do it because then she can use it right away.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, that's the right way. That's the. That's the a level dad move. That's what you do.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. That's the good dad. All right, wait, I have a couple comments that we need to get to. One. Neil just crushing it today. He put the Kevin owl mash. I saw that, which is just fantastic.
Speaker G: How do I unsee that?
Speaker A: You can't outer. You asked what was going on with moonbirds. That. That's what's going on.
Speaker F: Like, time travel will be invented, so I cannot have seen that picture now.
Speaker B: Oh, my God.
Speaker A: Chamber, please. Mint that and just send.
Speaker G: Is that CCO? Can I use it as my pfe?
Speaker B: I believe there's like a south american, like, legend of a. Like an owl man. I'm looking it up right now, and it's a bad omen, apparently. That's. That's what I'm seeing right now. I think it's called something. Yeah, it just says owl man. I thought that. I thought it was like a south american thing.
Speaker A: While you're looking for that sugar, Shane says, gotta watch the movie. Leave the world behind on Netflix. Then ask this question about deer. Interesting. I see a lot of deer all the time, and so do you on your drives. So there's that. Von Fronten threw an owl jiff up there and said, if it's this one, he's out. He also asked, is the owl indestructible and trying to kill him? That is not part of this question, but it could be a case we hit up next. I do want to. I see no face up there. I saw circles, but circles is gone. But I didn't even recognize circles with that PFP. So I don't know. But no face. Welcome to the stage. I've got your trivia question ready for you. This one. Are you ready? Are you ready?
Speaker E: Yeah. Hell, yeah, I'm ready.
Speaker A: Okay, so here we go. Pikachu, a well known character from the Pokemon franchise, has a distinctive feature that also serves as its primary mode of attack. What is this feature?
Speaker E: Dude, come on. Thunder attack. Quick attack. Come on. There's, like, so many.
Speaker A: Dude, the answer here. The. The answer is Pikachu's ability to control, or to generate and control electricity. This electric power is often depicted as being stored in Pikachu's cheeks, allowing it to release electric shocks as a form of attack or defense. Pikachu is famously known for its signature move, Thunderbolt. So I'm counting that as win no face. Congratulations, GM. Welcome to the show.
Speaker E: Thank you. Dude, I'm one for one. It looks like I have a great ratio. This is awesome. No, I'm seeing. You guys are ETH dudes and shit. I am an eth dude as well. Listen, I started in 2012 on bitcoin. Then I found fucking Ethan 2019, minted some shit. Then I found Solana shortly after. And then I got made fun of for, like, a couple of years by my ethereum friends who I was always trying to onboard. I was like, this is. Come on, man. Come to Solana, man. There's so much money, and now it's like, full circle. Dude, this is awesome.
Speaker A: What's going on? You bonk rich or what?
Speaker E: I'm bonk rich. I'm art rich. I'm an artist on unchained cross chain, you know, like, bitcoin, ethereum, Solana, you.
Speaker G: Know, were you on baby spaces? Remember, like, ages ago?
Speaker E: Yeah. Yeah. Hell yeah. Like, yeah.
Speaker G: Nice. Nice to reconnect. Like, that's awesome.
Speaker E: 100%. Yeah. Like, I never really lost, like, my. My Eth friends and shit. Like, you know, like, a lot of the artists that I was, like, really good homies with at the beginning of my east journey. Or, like, fucking. They blew up. Like, Terrell. And these types of people render all these people right. So, like, I've been telling Terrell to come to fucking Solana for, like, years, dude.
Speaker A: Like, so what's the. What's the current. What's the current soul alpha for anybody who, like, has missed this last, you know, let's say month, six weeks, eight weeks in the Solana ecosystem, who's not gonna try to go chase a top? What. What's coming up in Solana that's worth keeping our eyes on?
Speaker E: Okay. Dude, there's so much men. Like, the defi is about to go crazy this summer. There's. There's. There's coins dropping every other day, but, like, watch out for the shit coins. Like, you know, I give you guys a couple of warnings. With the shit coin season on Solana, it's a little bit different. It's a little bit more volatile. Like, meaning, like, a lot of people can dump a coin, no gas fees, and. And the coin will die. Right. You know what I mean? So really keeping your ear to the. To the ground, following big crypto accounts that, like, talk about coins and talk about, you know, all this type of alpha and stuff. Personally, I think the art. The art scene is going to explode again. Like, last year, we saw some crazy, crazy sales, you know, like million dollar sales and stuff like this, like, or close to it, relatively. Artists becoming millionaires and, you know, there being an entire market for this. And very quick and efficient. Sorry, you jumped in my web. Very quick and efficient way to, you know, purchase art, collect art, even, like, what these Nfts keep. Like, the Solana somewhere last year with NFTs and PFPs and stuff was fucking absolutely insane. So, like, what?
Speaker A: I used to own a Solana monkey business back in the day.
Speaker E: There you go, dude. Yeah, you probably sold at a good time, too.
Speaker A: Yeah, I did, but. And I actually found chamber. You'll enjoy this. I found 1924 of us DC in my phantom wallet today. I wish it was funk or Solana or anything else, but it was found money from, I guess it probably when I sold a ute at some point. I don't know.
Speaker E: Nice.
Speaker A: But those are the dubs.
Speaker E: But, yo, just. Just to quickly go back, there's a lot of airdrops that are always happening. You know, the pyth was one good one. The Jupiter airdrop is coming up. Like, you might not if you're just getting into Solana. Jupiter is kind of like, uniswap. It's literally the same thing. And the Jupiter allocation is basically based off how many years you've been using their services, like their swaps and stuff. That's coming up rather shortly. There's going to be a billion tokens that are going to be allocated for the first run, and then maybe in six months, they might allocate a little bit more. Total supply is 10 billion. They do fucking numbers. They do most of the numbers on Solana, so that's going to be a really, really big one, I think.
Speaker A: Chamber. We might need a Solana weekly Solana segment with no face. So you can keep us up to date on what's going on. I have something called Fronk in my wallet. Airdrop. I've got twelve. I've got $28.13 worth of franc. I've got she bonk, $2.10 worth of she bonk. I have $0.76 worth of dust. There you go. So there, we're good. Let's no face. Thank you for coming up. You are welcome anytime. However, we will ask you a Pokemon run related trivia question before you hit the stage every time, so just keep that in mind. We. We do have Michael up here, but I gotta go to Anthony real quick. Anthony, what's going on?
Speaker H: I just. I've been Mia for a little while. Like, haven't been keeping up. And, like, as of two weeks ago, Solana was still for poor people. And now I hear they're all rich.
Speaker A: Yeah, everybody's rich over there.
Speaker B: I guess.
Speaker A: It's the top. Well, it's either that or were. I mean, we, you know, we missed out. I, you know, it's been so brutal for me, specifically because I was a Solana believer fur, and then I kind of, like, went away for a little bit and now.
Speaker F: You were Solana influencer. You weren't.
Speaker A: I was. I had the merch fact.
Speaker F: You were a Solana influencer.
Speaker A: I had. I got sent the merch pack from, you know, the whole team and everything.
Speaker B: So my mom still has all my salon.
Speaker A: I wore the fuck out of those flip flops. Those literally did not. They broke. I wore them so often. So, you know, Solana, summer was a real, real thing, so. But, Anthony, did you just come here to say Solana was poor six weeks, or do you have.
Speaker H: Not the only thing I was going to say, but that was a shock to me, that. To hear that there's Solana millionaires now.
Speaker A: Oh, Solana's popping off.
Speaker F: Like, there's been.
Speaker E: There's been Solana millionaires. I don't know.
Speaker A: Sam Baker?
Speaker E: Yeah, you ever heard of Sam FCX? You heard of those guys?
Speaker H: Yeah, they had a good time, they partied hard and they left. Like we all should have chamber.
Speaker A: Do you remember when we all got airdropped bonk and then we all sold it for like, I don't know, four or $500. And I'm pretty sure that same airdrop would have been worth like 500k today.
Speaker B: I definitely bought more bunk and then sold as it went up. The first time it was about.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's it. That's what I did. Yeah, I don't know anymore.
Speaker E: But I got allocated bonk every time because like, cuz I post art and should I make art. And the first, the first allocation, I sold that shit for like a $100 dude. Because I was like, oh, it's a shit coin.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's what you. That's the normal process.
Speaker E: Exactly. And then the second time it probably 20 x within a couple of days from that point. And I got allocated another bag and I was like, no, I'm fucking holding this one.
Speaker A: Good, congratulations. I'm super pumped for you because I wish I did the same. And maybe I won't sell many airdrops going forward. Just whoever know, you know, you never know. If I don't need that money, maybe I just won't sell it and we'll see what happens. But I really came up bunch to.
Speaker H: Ask, to ask my, my dad for some financial advice.
Speaker A: Which one of us is your dad? Or are we both your dad?
Speaker H: You both could be my dad.
Speaker A: I think it's chamber though, if I had to guess.
Speaker H: So yesterday was my 30th birthday. Just for rock here, so this is upsetting the context. Thank you.
Speaker B: They grow up so fast.
Speaker H: I know. I hit an age. I appreciate it. Appreciate it. I hit an age where I had to reflect, right? And on the same day that. That on my 30th birthday, I had quite a large cd in a bank account. Like real dollars, you know, just kind of expired.
Speaker A: What kind of cd? You're talking like now. That's what I call music. 42.
Speaker H: No, a certificate of deposit where I actually put real money in and real money came out. It's not something that most people here know about.
Speaker E: So.
Speaker H: It expired. And now I have all this money. Um, just the sitting around doing nothing. So now I'm 30 years old, I have no kids. Maybe soon.
Speaker A: You're such a date.
Speaker H: I know. No, so we're actually dual no kids. And the additional acronym is w s d. Or w a s d. With all this. With a spoiled dog.
Speaker A: You're a dink with a spoiled dog. You're literally like the worst kind of person you are.
Speaker H: I have free cash flow now, so I came up to ask my father what I should do with it.
Speaker A: Sounds like all in bonk.
Speaker B: I mean, no, I would. If you could. You know what I would do? I would be. Yeah, I would turn that into tether or USDC. Go on to Kucoin and short the out of bonk. That's it. That's what I mean. That's a. That's good advice. That's good financial advice.
Speaker E: All right.
Speaker H: All right, guys. We got him. We got him.
Speaker A: All right, Chamber. We have five minutes left. I know we did not spend nearly enough time talking security. We got Michael up here, unfortunately, a little towards the end here, so I'm going to let you take it away with Michael for the last five minutes and chat real quickly. Wallet guard before, because I feel bad that we didn't get to them sooner.
Speaker B: Yeah. Michael, welcome aboard. How are you doing?
Speaker A: Good.
Speaker D: Thanks for having me, guys. Yesterday was pretty hectic with the security discussion, so I still got some energy in me, though.
Speaker A: Well, good thing you joined Owl talk and the bonk minute, so you're in the right spot. We're a little more low key here, though.
Speaker B: We wanted to. Yeah, we definitely wanted to talk crypto security today, crypto safety. Obviously, with what we talked about the ledger debacle yesterday, we talked about early in the show and basically where ledger is now, as far as how many strikes they have against them. And in this world of crypto, where we're our own banks and a lot of people don't fully appreciate that. Even the safes we use now are kind of against us at this point. And I just wanted to talk to you and get a better grip and maybe provide some tips or some advice on how to be safe. We should all be kind of reviewing our safety protocols, our OPSEC, and just kind of wanted to pick your brain that way.
Speaker D: Yeah, 100%. I think the problem is that a lot of people don't take security into consideration until it's too late. The other issue is that nobody does web two before they do web three when it comes to security. I'll give you a couple of examples of that. We're expecting people to come into the space and to be their own banks to self custody, let alone they don't know how to manage their own passwords, they don't know how to keep their keys safe, let alone have an antivirus. These are things that are normal to us. But when you're onboarding somebody into crypto and you're not even mentioning security, forget Wallagard, you're not even a mentioning the fact of keeping their eyes peeled and staying vigilant. You're doing them a disservice. They are scraping money together to come into crypto and the last thing you want is a phone call the day after telling you, hey, I thought it was a free mint. Where are all my nfTs? Or I thought OpenSea was openSea.com comma, not OpenSea IO. What happened to my wallet? This is the exact reason why we created wallet guard and I want to give a big shout out to our recently surpassed 65,000 users and over 100,000 wallets protected with wallet guard. We started off the year with a few thousand users and it's insane to see how quickly we have scaled because once people see what it is, it's literally a no brainer. We're not a wallet, we're not an NFT, we're not a token. You don't have to connect to us, you don't have to sign anything, but we're able to bring a security layer to your wallet of choice so that you could stay safe when you are clicking on links. Because that's the point of the Internet.
Speaker B: Is to click on when you say any wallet. If I'm using metamask, we were talking phantom wallets. That would apply to those types of wallets.
Speaker D: Exactly. So no matter what you're using, currently the phishing detection is blockchain agnostic. The transaction simulation supports Ethereum, polygon, arbitrum and optimism, and we're launching support for Binance, smart chain and base soon. We are also working on Solana, but we do support Phantom Wallet for all of their Ethereum transactions and other that they currently added support for. So we are trying to be as blockchain agnostic and wallet agnostic as possible. So this way, no matter what your setup is, you at least know there's a security layer that works.
Speaker B: So if I'm sitting on my computer and I want to use your product, what's the first step?
Speaker D: Yeah, so there's a couple of different things. Everything that I'm going to talk about is actually on our website wallet guard app. So we actually have a few different product solutions. The first one is the browser extension. So if you have Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Brave Opera, any chromium based browser, the browser extension is our full set package. So you get phishing detection, transaction simulation. We have our security dashboard where you can improve your wallet health, revoke approvals, check your wallet extension updates to be up to date. Everything is in one place. So that's our browser extension. We are also partnered with Metamask. We are one of the launch partners for their Metamask snaps platform. So you can actually enable the security features of Wolliguard directly inside of your metamask. Whether you're using Firefox or chrome or whatever the case is. Mobile support for that is also coming soon. So the concept of this is instead of just seeing a gas fee, whenever you're doing a swap, a claim, a mint, any sort of transaction, it's actually breaking down everything in plain English. You see exactly what you're sending, you see exactly what you're receiving. You're going to know if you're interacting with a bad contract or a bad address and a full breakdown on your transaction so that you can browse and confidently hit confirm instead of wondering, oh my God, what is this about to do to my wallet?
Speaker B: That is a big fear, the more I think about it. A lot of us probably interacted with different sites that connect to our metamask or connect to our phantom wallets, and we honestly probably have too much exposure when we're clicking on these things. So, like you said, we don't think about it until it happens, thankfully. The silver lining, I would say around yesterday that it's such a big deal that so many people get reminded of it. So hopefully we're seeing a good chunk of people kind of add that added layer of security, maybe get better devices. You may have a ledger at home. I know our friend Steve is a big ledger guy. Hopefully he didn't get effect. I don't think he did, but maybe he's now reviewing. Maybe I got to get a different hardware wallet or I got to put additional layers of security to offset some of these issues. I'm guilty. I'm probably one of the biggest culprits of not having enough safety. I appreciate these types of programs and apps that can help me, you know, save me for myself. You know what I mean? Yeah.
Speaker D: I mean, look, here's the thing. Most people just don't care until they get rugged. That's the saddest part. It literally takes seconds to turn on these security layers that I'm talking about. There is no excuse. People should be rugging their own wallets.
Speaker B: At this point to be able to. You said it was wallet guard app, right? I just want to make sure. Yep, I'll put that in the show notes as well, so if anybody's listening on the podcasts, they can click on the link there. I promise you it won't be a phishing link. It'll be a link directly to Hollogard app. But, yeah, we'll make sure. Again, I just want to make sure people are hearing this and have the right layers of security when they're playing around in web 3100%.
Speaker D: I think that it was really a wake up call yesterday because we saw our product in action. Anybody that had wallet guard installed, as soon as that fake model came up, on top of any connect wallet notifications, wallet guard was warning our users, hey, this is something you shouldn't interact with. Now, we're not a whitelist blacklist. We actually built a machine learning model that's able to detect scams and wallet drainers before you even enter websites and connect your wallet and run simulations to be able to provide that layer of security to the user with zero touch and without even having to hold their assets. That's a game changer when it comes down to staying proactive to protect your own assets.
Speaker B: That's huge. Michael, I do have to ask you a question. Now, I know you got in a little late, so you may have missed some of the top tier educational information we were providing, but I do have a question for you. If you were walking around your neighborhood and, you know, and you saw an owl, okay, I don't know where you live, but, you know, a lot of us don't see owls very frequently. And the question of the day is, how many owls would it take for you to see walking around your neighborhood before you start kind of freaking out a little bit?
Speaker D: Well, I've actually had an owl chilling outside my room at the wall guard hacker house here, so that's amazing.
Speaker E: Yeah, yeah. We're all.
Speaker D: The whole team is actually. Just so people know, we actually all moved to one hacker house at the beginning of the year. There's five of us on this team. We work like a team of nine people, but we're putting in 20 hours days, 22 hours days to consistently continue building out Wallagard. And it's insane how quickly we have scaled over the past year, being able to be as productive as possible in one location together. It really unleashes the power of productivity when you're in the same room with the people you're building with. So as far as owls, I like.
Speaker B: How you're protecting us and the owls are protecting you.
Speaker D: No, I freaking love owls. It's actually one of my favorite animals. So there could be hundreds of them and I'd be completely fine with it.
Speaker B: But would you, would there be a part? So what would be the number of owls before you're like, I think some shit? Oh, it's unusual.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Probably like, if I saw like three owls, I'd be like, yeah.
Speaker B: So I think. I think the three to five has been kind of the overall feeling as far as too many owls before we start getting suspicious of what's happening. So I appreciate that. I won't take up too much of your time, Michael. Like I said, we'll have a link to Wolligard app. We just want to make sure everybody is using what happened yesterday as a little bit of a wake up call to add additional layers of security. So, Michael, I appreciate your time. Anything else you want to plug before we wrap up here?
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, it looks like no face has a question.
Speaker B: We'll get to no face. No.
Speaker E: I have a question for Michael. I have a question for Michael.
Speaker B: Oh, perfect. Even better.
Speaker E: Aha. What's the ETA on that Solana add on?
Speaker D: I would say within the next couple of months we're really working on base and binance smart chain since we've had that in development. And we recently added support for optimism and base is built on optimism, so it's an easy win for us. But we are working on Solana. When it comes to phishing, detection and detecting recently spun up scam websites, you know, that's, that's all supported. You know, this is the main thing. Like, we're not a whitelist blacklist. We're able to determine threats as soon as they're spun up. You know, like in the. It's the middle of the night and a scammer launches a fake site and drops it in the discord or puts it on a compromised Twitter page. Wild guard's going to protect you. It already knows what's about to happen before it happens.
Speaker E: All right, perfect, man. Great, great idea, dude. And excited to see the future development of inmandeze and it's definitely well needed for our ecosystem. So thank you.
Speaker D: I greatly appreciate the question.
Speaker B: I'm at a loss with the serendipity that you have an owl outside of the hacker house, so that's unbelievable. It's kismet. It's meant to be. People should be utilizing Wallagard immediately. The owls have spoken, so we're going to wrap up there again. Michael, appreciate your time. Anthony, spend that money wisely, but treat yourself. I think at the end of the day, treating yourself is really the way to go. So that's how I would say to use the money. Steve, I appreciate you as well. The best, one of the two best spaces. I want to say what happened today? Cause I do want to mention it, too. Cause did you get ripped off on the super spaces ranking? Because you leave, like, 10 seconds too early?
Speaker F: Yeah. Did you hear this? So, like, the way the super spaces algorithms look, I don't care about, like, the ranking type stuff. It's cool to be on there, don't get me wrong. But, yeah, like, cap was the number one host on super spaces last year, and people were like, where are you? And I searched on co hosts. My daughter asked me this because I showed her captain. She's like, well, surely you must be high on the co host list. Like, my, my twelve year old. And I was like, well, let me look. And it was like, 168. I'm like, all right, well, that's a little bit of a shot at the ego. I don't have to be number one, but 168 seems a little low.
Speaker B: I mean, it's a big difference than one number one spot to number 168.
Speaker F: That number one to the person I've hosted 500 straight spaces with. And as it turns out, cap informed me that apparently I'll say goodbye and then I'll leave as he plays, like, the last, like, troll out, like, ten minutes, like, the last notice. And for me, leaving that 10 seconds early, it does not record me, it sounds like. So it turns out 168 is very high for me, never being there when the space ends. So now I'm going to start sticking around to the space ends and see what it has. But, yeah, I would have been number one on the list and had a nice little, nice little post that would have ran some numbers had I done that. And instead, I am left out in the cold because I leave 10 seconds early.
Speaker D: So, yeah, I don't understand that, because I checked super spaces as well. And we do, you know, we do a weekly security space on Wallagar. We have metamask and ledger to come in there. We did one yesterday. There was 3000 listeners. I do, like, literally 100 spaces a week. And it says that I've. This entire year, I did one space.
Speaker F: You know what? I figured it out, Michael. They have a bias against good hair. Because you have good hair. I have good hair, and they've got a problem. That's what it is. If Michael's got the same problems as me, it has to be the. I told chamber, like, they're like, oh, bringing Michael from wild card. I'm like, good fucking hair on that kid. And like, you look on top and like, same with me. It's like I got the hair there. It's our problem for looking too good on the top of our heads.
Speaker D: I was definitely hit it on the dot chamber.
Speaker F: Did you see the picture I did posted to the top? If you scroll over a couple.
Speaker B: Sorry, I only, I only have the. The Kevin Rose. Oh, there, that is good hairdouse.
Speaker D: Oh shit, there's a picture of me. Oh, I didn't even realize that we.
Speaker B: Were pumping your tires before you got here.
Speaker H: So let's go.
Speaker A: That's amazing.
Speaker B: But anyways, we'll wrap it up there again. Steve, really appreciate you, Michael. Appreciate all of the help you gave our listeners today. And yeah, we'll wrap it up there. So thanks for listening. Be sure to make sure you're following mid my crisis on the, on X.com or Twitter, whatever you want to call it. Make sure you're subscribed on the podcast. Give us a five star rating, some sort of review. You can be mean in the review. That's fine, as long as it's a five star rating. We're now on YouTube as well, so the audio version of this is on YouTube. So if you're listening on YouTube, give us a. I don't know, whatever you do on YouTube, do that. But yeah, until next time, keep the mic.
