Speaker A: Did you hear me complaining about my hamburger issues?
Speaker B: No, I didn't hear. The first thing I heard was you told me, or was Payne told me that he sent me a request that.
Speaker A: I see.
Speaker B: But I've been here the whole time.
Speaker A: I was. I was saying my tummy hurt because I had a burger, a foreign burger that I haven't had before, and it's. It's not. I'm not doing well.
Speaker B: Ah, I see.
Speaker A: You ever have a mister beast burger?
Speaker B: Oh, you know, I have not. I've seen. Did you. Would you door dash that thing?
Speaker A: I did. Door dash it. One out of ten would not recommend.
Speaker B: So the thing with Mister Beast burgers is they are all done, to my understanding, ghost kitchen style. Are you familiar with what a ghost kitchen is?
Speaker A: I am. I actually live, like, close to a ghost kitchen.
Speaker B: Oh, really?
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah, it's just. It's a place where you can't go in and order. It's just. It's basically a fast food sweatshop, and they'll. They'll cater many, many a menu. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I tried the Mister beast burger, and. Yeah, no bueno.
Speaker B: No good for you.
Speaker A: I'll tell you what, though. The packaging, the fit and finish, the details were nice, but it was all sizzled. No steak. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Or some sort of steak that. That is now sizzling.
Speaker A: Horse steak, I think.
Speaker B: All right, it is Friday, and we've got a lot going on, you know, chamber every time we. We do this space now, the gap in between. So when it was the bear market and such, it certainly felt like, first of all, three shows a week was too many. Right. And there wasn't enough to talk about. Now it feels like literally the three days in between are a lifetime. So a lot has happened since the last time we spoke, has it? Not?
Speaker A: So much. Like, I would say more has happened in the last, you know, since the last show than prior to the last show.
Speaker B: Mostly. Mostly for us. You know, like, we've. We've. We've been working hard behind the scenes to. To get some things going, and it's just crazy. Like, we're still in this meme coin mania, I believe. Do you feel like NFt NYC is going on? There was a bunch of you, you know, folks on our timeline in NYC today, by the way, did not tell you this. There was an earthquake at my house today.
Speaker A: I saw a lot of the memes on the timeline, basically, you know, like California people reacting to New Yorkers complaining about an earthquake.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. My buddy in LA was, like, quake shaming me. I'm like, dude. Oh, my Richter scale wasn't high enough for him. I'm sorry. Geez.
Speaker A: You know what's weird is, you know, I. You know, I'm obviously not in that. In the New York tri state area, but a lot of the times, if there is something that happens in that neck of the woods, I feel it as well. But I didn't notice anything myself today. So how big of an earthquake was it?
Speaker B: It was a 4.8. So that's not nothing. No, it wasn't nothing at all. And. And the epicenter was 30 miles from my house.
Speaker A: Oh, really?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So, like, really felt it.
Speaker B: Yeah, it was a thing here. It was crazy. And I was on the phone with stoop, actually, who we'll have up here in a little bit. I was literally on the phone with stoop. We were talking. We were talking about, you know, meme coins, community takeovers, things of the nature. And was, like, in the middle of a conversation, my wife, like, barges into the room, and I, like, stood up, and I definitely felt something under my feet and I heard a loud noise. But, like, I. It was not, like, so out of the ordinary to me because usually it's just my kids storming around upstairs.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: You know, I sit in the same spot all day. So, like, when I stand up and pace around, you know, sometimes my legs, you know, I feel the blood going through my legs. So I didn't really think too much of it. And then she comes running down and she looks scared for her, really, you know?
Speaker A: Did it coincide, by the way? Like, I mean, I'm not saying it was this, but it could have been, like, 30 minutes after I had that Mister Beast burger.
Speaker B: Well, that's what my buddy. That's exactly what my buddy said in LA. He was like, you know, I cause a 4.8 after Chipotle, and I was like, easy. Here. You quake, shamer. And that was, you know, so I don't think there was at least I didn't see much damage reported anywhere yet. I don't know. I didn't check too much on it, but we're all okay here. Well, that's very interesting.
Speaker A: I did have, like. It's weird when those types of things, like, you know, when that type of thing happens, you're like, okay, like, I felt something, but, like, you know what I mean? Like, you can attribute it to a lot of different things, right? I remember a couple of years ago, it was like, maybe like 11:00 at night here. And you know, Amber and I, you know, the kids are asleep. We're watching something, you know, smoking a dude. And I thought somebody, like, took a garbage can and threw it against the side of my house.
Speaker B: Oh, really?
Speaker A: Like, in the middle of the night, I'm like, oh, shit. Like. Like, somebody's in the yard. Like, it's time to go mess some people up. And I. You know, I run outside, and I'm like. Like, I would have seen them, like. Like. But there's nobody there. Like, you know, everything's in place. Like, I look at the side of my house to see if there's any damage. There was nothing there. And I'm like, that is strange. I'm kind of looking around, like, on the street and, like, seeing if there's any kids or, like, there's nobody around. And, like, I saw a couple of other people on the street kind of, like, poking their head out. I'm like, okay. That's, like. That's weird, right? I. So, anyways, go back inside. 20 minutes goes by, and my wife gets a text from her cousin who lives in, like, on the other side of town, and she's like, did you feel that explosion? We're like, explosion? Is that what that was? And it turns out downtown, some, like, drunk chick was driving the wrong way down a one way street and, like, slammed into, like, smashed into, like, a dead end. Like, the one way finished at a dead end. And there was a house there, slammed in the house and broke one of the gas mains, and it exploded. And, like, five houses in that area, like, you know, exploding.
Speaker B: Holy cow.
Speaker A: Yeah, it was 5 miles from my house, and it felt like. Like I said, like somebody took a trash can and hit the side of my house, and it was just the explosion from 5 miles away, and I was just like, that. That's nuts.
Speaker B: That's wild, right?
Speaker A: Like, that's crazy. I could. When these types of things happen, it's just like. It's unfathomable how, like, big. You know what I mean? Like, how big an earthquake is or how big an explosion?
Speaker B: Yeah. I saw a lot of tweets from folks in NYC who definitely felt it. Cap's brother was in newark airport. He said they grounded planes and there was some minor damage to one of the towers or something. So, uh, not nothing, for sure, but anyway, to me, you don't have to.
Speaker A: Ground planes if it's an earthquake. I feel like.
Speaker B: That's right. You just get out of there. You get into the air. You're where you're. Yeah, it's not an airquake. That's, you know, but anyway, that is, uh. Yeah, so that's what's going on. Let's talk the market. What are your current thoughts on where we are? Macro, meme, company, whatever you, wherever you want to go. Let's start there.
Speaker A: Let me just pull up some charts here. So we'll start like, you know, the majors, bitcoin and stuff like that.
Speaker B: Starting with big daddy.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, that's. It's, it's, it, you know, it eats first. It also shits first.
Speaker B: Correct.
Speaker A: Those are the ways I feel like I'm looking at the chart now. You know, it's bouncing off of support. There's a pullback from. Oh, no, sorry. That's Eth. ETH is also doing that same. Same type of thing. It feels like it's.
Speaker B: Everything is. All the majors are doing the same thing right now.
Speaker A: You know, it's a coil pattern. You know, it's your typical triangle flag pattern, bull flag, I don't know, barefoot. I forgot what they're called. But like a flag pattern kind of coiling, you know, resistance is like, the gap between resistances are diminishing, and it's going to be decision time one way or another, whether it's going to break up or break down. And I don't know which way it's going to go.
Speaker B: My guess is I'm thinking up.
Speaker A: Yeah. I'm going to say down.
Speaker B: Come on.
Speaker A: You know, it's just the time of the year. Like, I just feel. Again, we could see a little bit.
Speaker B: You're like a q, two maxi.
Speaker A: I am a q, two maxi, but I could see a bitcoin price test down to 58,000 ish again, and then I recover from there. But it could also obviously go. The decision could be upward, too, but we are getting into that. As I'm looking at the pattern here. Here, we probably got about another week or so of decision time before I think we get to the.
Speaker B: So you think we just chop around here for.
Speaker A: Yeah. Like, this time next Friday or, like, you know, by next Friday, we should probably have a better idea of what the decision was.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm with you there. I'm gonna. I'm betting up, though. That's my.
Speaker A: I hope you're right.
Speaker B: All right, now, how are you feeling about alts? Obviously, bitcoin down, probably not the greatest for alts, but honestly, where do you feel?
Speaker A: Bitcoin up is not the greatest for alts either.
Speaker B: Neither. This is actually good for alts, but we're not necessarily seeing that everywhere. Memes seem to be kind of stagnant down this week, except for, you know, some, few, few outliers, I would say. There's definitely some outliers going on out there. Ansem is the main character. Can we agree on that?
Speaker A: Yeah, we could definitely agree on that.
Speaker B: His third cousin got a coin last week. Now he's live streaming pups on Solana. That is actually an ordinals project that he, they made a token for on Solana, and it's like $100, and the actual ordinal is like $20. So, you know, he's, he's the main character, my man. So if you know Ansem, I'll pay a ransom. That's the, that's got to be the tick, right? Or the, the slogan for the time.
Speaker A: Do we have any, any inroads with, with him?
Speaker B: Because I don't, I wasn't even aware of him much because he was, he's a Solana, Solana guy historically. So prior to me jumping into the Solana streets very heavily, I was not too familiar with him. But he has certainly solidified himself as the main character of this phase of the cycle.
Speaker A: No, 100%. And if anybody does know how much.
Speaker B: Money you think he's making?
Speaker A: Oh, I don't know. These are the questions I want to ask him. So if anybody does know how to.
Speaker B: Reach out to him, it's gotta be nine figures. No.
Speaker A: Implore him to join us on the show one day so we can ask him these hard heading questions.
Speaker B: We're not even in the same orbit, my friend. Like, get, listen, don't even.
Speaker A: I'm my own orbit, thank you very much.
Speaker B: He wouldn't even open a Christmas card from you.
Speaker A: No, I mean, that's true.
Speaker B: That's probably accurate anyway. All right, so what is going on in your world in the market? Before we get rolling into some, you know, updates on our own little personal projects we've got going on here, I.
Speaker A: Mean, I haven't been trading at all since the last show.
Speaker B: Me either.
Speaker A: It's been, it's been just working in the background and getting some stuff done and, you know, it's, it's been a, it's been a fun couple of days doing something unique in the market, I would say.
Speaker B: Yeah, unique in the market is right. So a couple weeks ago. God, it was one week ago.
Speaker A: Yeah, sure.
Speaker B: It was a week ago Friday that I aped a token called Magic Internet Cat. I quickly got rugged, and a community takeover had started and quickly got rugged again from that community takeover. And a bunch of us were left with no access to the telegram, no access to the website, no access to the twitter. So we couldn't really do anything and it felt very dead and chaotic and people were scrambling. And so the market cap nuked from 680 all time high to bunch of cat dads with some sort of mental illness, decided that it would be a good idea to try to keep this thing alive. And so we did. And so we bought all of those sellers down there, scooped up a bunch of supply, and have started reviving this thing on the side. And as of today, we have recovered since Monday. Let's see. Let me just look at my chart here. We were at March 30. What day of the week was that? Saturday or Sunday?
Speaker A: Saturday.
Speaker B: So last Saturday morning, we hit 22k market captain to. We got dumped down again to, like, 47k after that. Today we are sitting at $248,000 market cap. After we have peaked around, I would say a real peak, back around 335. So we recovered very nicely. The team, the community team is scrambling and working tirelessly behind the scenes. We now have just.
Speaker A: It's a real thing of beauty, by the way.
Speaker B: It's insane. I've. So this is what I love about the space, is you can take ten to 15 total strangers that have never met each other and never really interacted and throw them into something with a shared goal and a shared interest and watch them all come together and rally around something to build. And it's pretty wild to watch when it works. And, you know, this project that we are now taking over on side is like, you know, it's super early. This is. This has been going on a week. We're on day four of the community takeover. Takeover. And it's been going really well. But, like, it's. It's showing a ton of promise and. But, like, one, it's very difficult, and two, it's just so cool to see people come together and work against a goal that, like, they've never. Nobody's ever met each other, nobody knows each other. We've known each other for a week via, uh, you know, chatting in a telegram and things like that. And people show up, volunteer, show out, and it's really, really special. And, like, this is how these tokens, though, I'll tell you, if they start hitting exit velocity, this is how they really, really, really send. Because what's left is the diamond handed chads. And Chad that's. That are making this, that. That actually believe in it, right? It's nothing. It's already been pumped and dumped and sold by people who don't want to be here. And this is how you get the whiffs of the world. This is how you get the booms of the world. Like, there's no, like, people with was a community takeover. The dev sold all of it for $36,000. And the community has rallied to take it to billions of dollars in market cap. And that doesn't happen if you don't have this group of people that are willing to see it through and end up believing in it. Because guess where all the supply ends up in those people's hands to start. You know what I mean? And so it has to be that way and there has to be a real group effort. And. But when it happens, it's. It's really, really incredible. So we've got that going on with magic Internet cat. You could see giveaway posted up top. So we're doing a little giveaway. If you have not seen that yet, jump in there. It literally will end by the time this show is over. So you just have to follow the Twitter account. You know, like, retweet, drop your sole address, tag a friend or two. Let them know the magic Internet cat is out there. Mick is the tick. We got a good meme, a good community. We're having a lot of fun.
Speaker A: Hey, everybody, just want to take a quick minute to thank you for listening to this show. If you're interested in joining the conversation, you can follow us on Twitter edmike Crisis. We do a live show every Tuesday and Friday at 04:00 p.m. eastern. Please subscribe to the show on Apple, podcast, Spotify, or wherever you're listening to this right now. Let's get back to the show.
Speaker B: You and I did something that I don't know I've seen yet in the market. Have you?
Speaker A: I don't think. Yeah, I mean, I was texting you about it after we kind of finished up, and I think it was last night, and I don't think. I haven't heard, but, I mean, you know me, I'm not the most plugged in person. I don't think there has been a meme coin merger ever.
Speaker B: Yeah, like, well, I mean, everything feels like a community takeover these days because devs launch something, they make a bag and they get out. But, you know, like, what that means is you need to rally and build community. And so, like, talk about what we did this week from your perspective.
Speaker A: So, I mean, with, you know, I had started a. I had started a meme coin at the end of January. And one could argue maybe a little too early, you know, trying to ride the wave before it was cresting. And we did. Well, as far as pre sale goes, we weren't trying to scam anybody. So anything we collected was then put into our liquidity pool. So we had a ton of liquidity. We varied between 102 hundred holders, but really didn't, unfortunately, for a multitude of reasons, didn't get off the ground. One could argue the ticker was bad, one could argue the meme wasn't as good as it needed to be, but for whatever reason, just didn't get any sort of real momentum. And it's difficult to try to keep these things afloat when the longer the timeline goes. And now it's a three month old meme coin that hasn't had any sort of major volume. We're talking millions of dollars worth of volume because that's what really people are looking for. It's hard to get other people excited about it. Obviously, the excitement comes from new coins, and, like, we were talking about the ansem stuff. A lot of these things happen quickly. So as someone that didn't want to, you know, I was trying to a help, you know, get people excited about our meme, but also didn't want to just like, bail on it. I don't like to bail on things. I like to see things through as long as humanly possible. You approached. You approached me about joining magic Internet cat, and we started, you know, it's kind of like, hey, like, what if we did this? And then I'm like, in my head, it was just like, there's no way, like, we can do it, like, you know what I mean? Just the logistics alone. I'm like, how are we ever going to do this? So we slowly, I think we chatted on Wednesday, I think, this weekend, I think. Yeah, I think it was Wednesday. Tuesday or Wednesday this week?
Speaker B: I'm gonna go back and look at the text.
Speaker A: I think it was Wednesday because I think was the day after the show, and the show was Tuesday. And we started kind of like building the framework for how it could theoretically work. And then we both took it back to the people we were working with and kind of expanded on it, and, you know, both sides came to, you know, figured out the framework of it that would work, I think, for. For both magic Internet cat and the make it all back community, I then, you know, I submitted the, you know, our plan, you know, because again, I want to bring the people that are part of my community some value. And this was the best way I could think of to bring them value in the situation we were currently in. So that was the decision I made to kind of give them some value, give them some volume, give them a bigger community with an interesting story. Like, again, magic and Erickat had the double rug double community takeover. Now we're adding an additional storyline of this is the first meme coin acquisition where we're bringing in a community that was not rugged, but had lost some momentum. But the benefit to the magic Internet cats was the volume we could provide. We gave everybody a 24 hours window to participate where they sent us, they sent their make it all back tokens to a wallet, which we collected and then subsequently airdropped. I think we're still in the process. The Solana network has been an absolute asshole over the past few days, but we're still. I think we're almost done, if not completely done, the airdrop for those make it all back holders. So they should have received, or shortly should be receiving their mic tokens. So it will then complete the first, the first merger of meme coins. Yeah, I think it's very exciting.
Speaker B: Little shitcoin, M and a. Yeah, I'm putting that on. I'm putting that on my LinkedIn resume. What do you think?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think so.
Speaker B: Under professional skills. You think?
Speaker A: I think so.
Speaker B: That's where it goes.
Speaker A: Meme coin, M and a. Yeah, I like it.
Speaker B: So, I mean, I thought, first of all, I didn't know if we could pull this off either. There was a lot of bonding curve math that had to be done to do it.
Speaker A: Yes, I was very impressed with the math.
Speaker B: Yeah. Thankfully, somebody on our community team is well versed in that type of math to be able to do it. And shocker, it's the filecoin guy. Anyway, we were able to work this out so that all of your holders will be airdropped, one plus 20% of their value. So essentially a 20% bump on their initial value, uh, in magic Internet cat tokens. And, uh, you guys then took your remaining liquidity that was left there and added it to our pool via some, some market buys. And now we are sitting at a nice, robust liquidity of 58k with a market cap of 239,000. So pretty interesting little maneuver there. And we'll see, we'll see how it goes.
Speaker A: But just to add to that, too, the really threaded the threading of the needle. Like, not only that, but we also, and I just wanted to highlight this because we didn't want to screw over anybody that didn't want to participate. We also gave people that were holding the make it all back token a 24 hours window to exit their position so they weren't exiting at a lower market cap than, you know what I mean, than previously. So I thought that was another kind of difficult task to do, because at the end of the day, the community members that wanted to stay along, that was kind of the easier part. But also giving an outlet for people that didn't want to participate to get out as cleanly as possible.
Speaker B: Yeah, super interesting. So we have completed that. You could even see the announcement up top, the meab and mic merger and look chamber. Now we get to work together on something on the side. We get to join forces, which is just. That's the favorite place to be. Right? Of course. You know, you and I have been working together in some capacity on podcast, dj network, all of that stuff for going on almost seven years. It'll be seven. It'll be. Will it be seven years or six years? Six years, I think six years in June.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: End of June. June 28, to be exact, is our anniversary. Yeah. So we get to work together on something, and I gotta say, look, the, um. I feel like the universe may be aligning on this with us because we rebranded this podcast, uh, back a couple months ago to the mid mic crisis. Mike spelled M I c. Coincidence? I think not. Look, this feels like it might be in the stars for us.
Speaker A: My dad calls it the mid mic crisis.
Speaker B: Well, there you go.
Speaker A: He is uncultured.
Speaker C: I mean, the universe has absolutely conspired in all of our favors, because I haven't even spoke yet.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. Well, we'll get to you. We'll get to you here. This is like. And this. Because this is where I wanted to bring you in, because you hear this story, right? And you hear this story. Then I. So I was messing around this morning on the Twitter, and while I was listening to coffee with captain, and I get, you know, I'm doing my thing. I'm just following people in Djen. I'm following, you know, random people in the audience. And stoop. Did you message me or did I message you?
Speaker C: I did. I immediately said, put me in touch with the leader.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. And he had no idea it was me, that I was. That I was using the Twitter account. And I don't even know if he knows. He knew I was involved. And I was like, oh, funny you say that, stoop. And so then I got on the phone with Stoop and got to hear his story. It's just super, super interesting. So stoop, why don't you tell. Why don't you tell kind of the scenario that you've found yourself in in the last couple days here? Because I think, you know, we've gone through this topic of community takeovers, what they're. What they look like, like what they take to succeed, and now you find yourself smack dab in the middle of one yourself. So jump in and tell the story of what you're working on now.
Speaker C: It's. It's been a wild week for me as well. And what's funny is when one door closes, another door opens. I was supposed to be in NYC this week. Had events not taken place, none of this would have happened. The universe conspires. I believe in all of our favors. And it's so funny. I'm a cat person. Bunshu is a cat person. There was a ticker dropped in an alpha group, group chat, whatever the fuck you guys want to call it, called coin market cap. And, you know, I'm an opportunist. I haven't really done anything in this space necessarily. I mean, I've really hosted spaces and stuff. I've made, obviously, a lot of comments and statements and, you know, I've definitely, you know, put said some shit that have upset people. And so, like, I genuinely, honestly, truly saw this as, like, the opportunity. My magnum opus, my masterwork, me proving that I not only know what I'm talking about, but that I, you know, can do things and put things together. So I did not start the community takeover. It was a weird way. We still need to verify things about the contract right now, but we do know liquidity is locked. The admin, the dev, whatever left, they still have tokens. So we've created a process to shake out the tree to get people that are buyers and committed. I'm, like, gamifying things. And so as I noticed this takeover was happening, I kind of stepped in as a game master. I've been in a few, like, shitters. You know, I've been in the space for a lot longer than people, I think, think. I remember $200 bitcoin. I remember Mount Gox before. And then when it got taken down, I remember when Coinbase did not have Ethereum. I remember a market before Ethereum. And so, like, I just stepped in and I said, look, like I've never really had a team of people. I found 30 people, roughly, that were willing to do different things. We had a brand, we had a ticker, we had a website, but that was not an official website. So literally in 48 hours. We created a new telegram channel. We migrated most of the active people. We've let people know that things are happening here without it being like a big thing. Obviously I've like, put out stuff on my profile and like been slowly trying to raise awareness. Obviously this is a personal branding opportunity. I'm going to do more stuff on Warpcast because, you know, this is the time I might as well. I'm not trying to be a founder. I'm positioning myself as game master, the person that is going to make it fun for everybody. But, you know, cat, coin, market cap, Solana. I mean, liquidity pools, mergers and acquisitions, I don't really need to, I think, spell out much, but that's my vision. I've created a rock soup, necessarily. I'm structuring it as executive lead, making sure multi sigs are set up correctly. Crossing t's dotting is passwords are going to be used with password management. Things have been happening. I'm actually taking this weekend, basically. I've taken today off, taking Monday off. I'm pushing through. We're going to have like a real website that's going to do things, but we are. The website is just a marketing funnel like everyone has. Oh, we're going to make money on listings. We are not making money on listings. It is a marketing funnel. The Internet loves cats. Why not create the opportunity to send your mother, your brother, your son, that kid down the street. Learn about Solana shitcoins. See what these meme coins are. Learn a little bit. The indicators will have breakdown sections. How do you dollar cost average into something? What is market making? How do we sustain Solana shitters? How do we sustain the overall crypto market? Because what I identified in Solana shitters was too many spot buyers without like, incoming liquidity to buy up or capture the action when it dips. So people will throw 25 but not have two and a half sold to throw after it when it dips 95%. And so, like, they're stuck holding a bag at a much higher cost basis. The same thing happened in crypto, the same thing has happened in bitcoin. And so I'm just testing out thesis. I'm talking to people if anyone is interested, like it is all open. I am trying to make like I need to be a certain, I don't like to be the character that I am, but I am trying to do things a certain way to make sure that the brand stays alive. And I'm really just acting as brand steward until things are really in formation and making it easier for people to get in onboarded, volunteer help out. We're like setting up community emails and that's going to be managed through password managers. I've put out things just to, just to say like I've been here and I've seen a lot of community takeovers fail. I wanted to do this the right way and I made sure with the 30 people that also volunteered to help that we've all done it. And the thing that I think community takeovers fail at most is trying to put too much workload on one person. So I've always found two or three people that will be as backups that like I define leads, right? Like just like an executive does right now. I'm essentially acting as marketing lead and CEO, guiding the ship towards a north Star where we're going to partner up with magic Internet cat and you know, figure out how to pair liquidity. We're going to partner up with bag and other projects Blue and Nubcat and find liquidity and really just turn this into something where the market overall continues to grow rather than continuing to just shit on the space. Make something of legacy of legitimacy and take this somewhere.
Speaker B: Hell yeah. I love that. I think it's awesome. And one sweet ticker. Coin market cats pretty good. It's good. And it's like what I love that you said there is the, like how much of an effort it takes from so many different people to actually turn something like this around. When it happens, it's a mess and there's chaos and there's people's money involved, there's people's emotions involved and like everybody. And there, and at the beginning it's, at the beginning it's just chaos, right? Like nobody knows and you're trusting other people and you are, and like nobody knows what to do and there has to be, you know, some sort of leadership formed, some sort of people that step up and put some organization and even that takes a while to kind of shake out and find a, uh, but once you, once you get that then you need to, like you said, you're, you gotta make sure what's left is a really, really strong community that believes in the vision together and is going to kind of hold the ground because it's not going to be easy and, or fast, right? Like that's the thing because once these happen the volume dries up because they think you're just dead and you have to kind of re, get out there and tell everybody you aren't dead. And it is what everybody thought it was. To begin with, just come along for the ride, right? Like this token, we're talking about magic Internet cat, right? It had, you know, four, four $5 million on day one of volume. Like it was not dead from the get go. But then, you know, that happens and everybody's on to the next thing. Oh, just another rug, whatever.
Speaker A: I.
Speaker B: And I'm sure you're experiencing the same thing there, right? Where you've got this. You've got this initial run up. You guys went to what, 4 million at the top?
Speaker C: I think 3 million all time high. And I basically bought in on the way up and the way down. And then, I mean, I'm not made of it. I never have been. Like, there are people that are talking about I threw ten soul, 30 soul into this, a 2 million market captain. And like, I feel bad for those people. I threw a soul costed over time, over 24 hours. Because I've taken a market making thought into this market as a whole. I don't buy once into anything. That's a spot by you don't market buy until you make your second purchase, right? Like that's. That's the major difference. So I cost averaged into this. I have a really nice, okay, like I have, I think 300,000. I really want to get to 500,000. And then I'm basically designing a game where accumulation, shaking the tree. And then my incentive is to grow my bag, including the bags of everyone that has accumulated. And it's like, I've seen other projects do this. I've already brought in social people that are planning content. Like, I just pinned up something, go follow that account, because that's where everything's coming from. I'm just like kind of getting the flywheel started. And I've always. A lot of people, especially in this, like, in some of the conversations we have to remember on Solana shitcoins, we don't know where anyone's coming from. Some of these people are like a year into this and like, have Solana and some ease. Some people come from traditional finance backgrounds and I don't quite understand tokenomics. They understand how to run a business. So I just. I personally am just a person that knows how to read people. I think I always have had that skill. I just. It is a natural thing for me. I am on the spectrum. So it's something I needed to develop myself to be able to like, function in the world. Many years ago, I was not as articulate as I am today. I just made sure to listen to people, listen to what skills they can offer and then learn to speak back to them what they need to hear and get them going. Everyone just needs direction. There's never been.
Speaker B: Definitely the hardest part about these is everybody's looking at somebody else for what the direction is, right? A hundred percent. What the hardest part of getting this started is, you guys have done it. You guys have done an awesome job so far. Like, you, you're sitting now at the 412K back from 50k with 54,000 in liquidity. So, like, I mean, you guys have done an awesome job. I mean, chamber, you can, you can attest to this. Like, literally in the 24 hours you guys have been a part of the magic Internet cat community, what is the, what is the, like, team of work looked like? Are you surprised? Shocked. Not surprised? Impressed? What are your, like, what is the thought?
Speaker A: Shocked and impressed significantly. I've been a part of many a web three team. And, you know, I got, I got, you know, I got invited into one of, one of the TG, one of the telegram groups, and I turned away for 15 minutes. And this is a, you know, this is a chat of maybe, I don't know, like ten or twelve people. I turned away for ten minutes and there was 55 messages. And I was just like, oh, I'm happy. Like, I was, I was so happy to see that much.
Speaker B: It's your vibe. It's a bunch of get shit doners.
Speaker A: You know, like, I think at one point I'm like, you know, somebody was doing math and I said, this type of, you know, this type of math gives me a boner. And I just, I love, I love when people are excited, working hard, and I also love when you have a team of, it's great to have, you know, a big. It's great to have a team, but when everybody on the team is good at the same thing, it's like having a bunch of, like, point guards or having a bunch of centers on a team. You want a team of different, you know, some different positions, right? And as I'm kind of reading through the notes, I'm like, oh, I see. Like, this person is good at this. This person is good at that. Like, I could see. And now what I'm trying to do, because, you know, I want to, I want to try to, you know, add any sort of value that I can bring. I'm just assessing the, you know, the.
Speaker B: Skill set you're looking for, the open lane.
Speaker A: I'm like, where, where can I help out here? So I'm in the midst of doing that, but yes, very excited. To participate in that, so.
Speaker B: But it, like, legitimately takes a village of people to do this. It's so wild. And even with that, like, you're just getting started. It feels a lot like pushing a big boulder up the hill and it falling back on you many times and then finally, hopefully, you push it far enough where it starts to snowball. And that's. That's the name of. That's the goal with these kind of community takeover types of things. And, you know, my skill set in this is community building. That's the thing I feel like I do best. And so that's the skill that I bring to the community. And, you know, I'm a. I'm a hustler, so those are the things that I bring to the community. So. But the. The rest of them are just based chads and Chad. That's. That are just absolutely fire. So very, very excited to see what comes from both the make it all back slash mick community. We are now merged as one chamber once again. So this officially is the mid mic crisis mike, meaning magic Internet cat. I mean, it was destined. It's in the star.
Speaker A: It really is maybe the funniest thing.
Speaker B: It had to happen otherwise. And then. And stoop. I can't wish you enough success with yours as well. I know. I'm sure we'll find a way to work together with both of our communities and, and things like that. You've got some really cool ideas. Basically the coin market cap of soul animal shit coins, which is very fun. So I loved. I was in your telegram earlier and you dropped. Somebody dropped a teaser of basically your version of the fear and greed index, and I was dying so good. It was basically the. What did you guys call it? I forget.
Speaker C: I think it's the cat and dog index, but essentially I'm planning on tuning that. And I believe cats are beloved and I do not think we can tarnish cats. So everything's going to be impartial. I'm actually working with teams that are going to make sure that it's, like, validated by blockchain. We're going to find impressive metrics that will make sure that cat and dog and animal coins on Solana aren't, like, being gamed. And we're going to see. And let's see what Solana legs more. Cats or dogs?
Speaker B: Well, we're cat people here these days.
Speaker A: Can I add this to, like, what a comeback story for the feline community.
Speaker B: Yeah. Felines on top today, that's for sure.
Speaker A: But I mean, I mean, my entire life it was. I mean, dogs, like, significantly over. I'm just talking.
Speaker B: By the way, you're not a dog person.
Speaker A: Not a dog person.
Speaker B: So this is real. This is a real glow up for you.
Speaker A: Not that I'm a cat person, either. I live with cats, but I can tolerate them a little bit more than dogs just because they're smaller and less needy. I am, you know, I'm staunchly on the side of animals. If animals should live in the house, they would build their own house. Like, don't bring animals into the house. They should be outside. But cats, you know, have. Have had the big glow up, I would say, over the past few years where there's a lot of pro cat positivity out there, and I'm very, very happy to see it.
Speaker B: We are now certainly a pro cat podcast.
Speaker A: Damn right. I can't wait to start.
Speaker B: I'm gonna wait. You have a cat?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. What's your cat's name?
Speaker A: Lottie.
Speaker B: Lottie. L o t t or d d.
Speaker A: L o t t. That is lottie.
Speaker B: Like lottie. Dottie.
Speaker A: Lottie dot de dot.
Speaker B: Yeah, got it. Okay. Who named that cat?
Speaker A: Believe it or not, it was. It was gonna be one of our kids names, but we just ended up using it, and we was just in the kid's name hopper of names, and we just used it on the cat.
Speaker B: Super interesting. The. So I have two cats as well. I was never a cat person. I was always allergic to cats. And then I met my wife, who loved cats, and I got. She. She talked me into the first one and tricked me into the second one. But my. My stipulation was that I got to name them. So my cats have very interesting names. Do you know their names?
Speaker A: I don't think so.
Speaker B: One of them is named Patricia Corn Muffin.
Speaker A: I did not. I did not know that.
Speaker B: She's lovingly referred to as tune, like short for tuna fish, but her full name is Patricia Corn Muffin, and the other one's name is Peter Noir. Like Pinot Noir. Yeah, yeah, and he. But we don't really use that name for him. We just call him beef. Yeah, yeah, it's. It's Patty corn muffin and beef. And that's. Those are our two cats. Stoop, what's your. Do you have a cat?
Speaker C: I do. My cat's name is Buddy, but we call him boots, Uda, Buddhas.
Speaker B: Yeah, they all have. They all have many nicknames, right? Like, that's just how it goes.
Speaker A: You do have a lot of nicknames, I think, honestly, like, just stupid fucking cat. Like, that's. I say that like it gets in my feet. Like, you know, trying to walk up the stairs. Stupid fucking cat.
Speaker C: I call him a little asshole because he gets hungry and he'll, like, start eating on the plastic. Like, the plastic.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, the plastic is always a thing in my house. Yeah, the plastic's the thing in my house, too. So we're, we're a cat positive podcast now. Chamber. It's magic Internet cats. It's coin market cats. It's like, it's just cats all the time. Here, get your dog coins out of here. Keith. Take your. Take your miro and your $9 billion market cap and leave us to the cats. Okay. But, yeah, I mean, look, man, we've had quite the week together, and it sounds like the. So has most of the Solana meme coin community. I feel like everything is at launch rug community takeover. Launch rug community takeover. Or in our case, launch rug community takeover. Rug merger and acquisition. And hopefully followed by moon. What do you think?
Speaker A: I think that's the new recipe. That's the new meta. I do, actually. How our next show is going to be on Tuesday, God permitting. Earthquake on Monday in North America, I don't know. I'm sure other parts. No, no. I don't know if actually out of the other parts of the world will get it, but we will have, oh, the solar eclipse. Solar eclipse. A full, you know, I'm. And my home is on the, you know, I forget what they call it, like, complete, you know, the. The path of totality. That's what it's called.
Speaker B: Wow, that sounds really epic.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's what it's called. And are, is this. Do you know if it's. How close it's got? I, you know, I don't know.
Speaker B: My wife and I were talking about this last night. I don't know about the path of totality. I'll have to ask her that. But we were talking about specifically how many people out there are direct sun lookers.
Speaker A: So many. I just watched a little video about what happens if you look at the sun for some reason.
Speaker B: Well, this is, this is what we were talking about. Because she was like, I don't get it. Why would you go blind? And I was like, please don't try it. I'm not about to, like, live and raise these children. My wife being blind.
Speaker A: My wife had a teacher go blind from doing it. From doing it.
Speaker B: Oh, my. And I remember my wife's gonna do it. This is terrible.
Speaker A: Well, I just, like, I do you remember, like, a couple years back, there was an.
Speaker B: I just got an alert on my phone that your sister posted a TikTok. You might want to check on that.
Speaker A: Me?
Speaker B: Yeah. That was really weird.
Speaker A: Are you serious?
Speaker B: Yeah, I just kind of learned on my phone that your sister posted a tick tock, so you might want to check.
Speaker A: Are you following my sister?
Speaker B: I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't know, man.
Speaker A: Oh, that's embarrassing.
Speaker B: The spyware here.
Speaker A: It's probably not going to be good. She's not, you know, she doesn't have the same.
Speaker B: Then I'm going to go check it out for sure. What are the odds it's a Gary Busey meme?
Speaker A: It's definitely not. Yeah, she's not. She's not gonna be talking about breakfast sausages or anything like that.
Speaker B: All right. Anyway, so you got a teacher that went blind and went blind to totality.
Speaker A: I'm in the path of totality, but.
Speaker B: My wife's gonna look at the sun.
Speaker A: Do you remember when Donald Trump looked at the sun on the last one?
Speaker B: No. Oh, my God. I do, actually.
Speaker A: Like, it's a so, like, that is honestly one of the images that is. That is burnt into my retinas is watching Donald Trump put his hand over his eyes as one.
Speaker B: People are saying, don't look directly at the sun. But I look. My eyes are sunglasses. Ray bans. They're Ray bans.
Speaker A: Will Joe Biden? Will Joe Biden? Question is, will Joe.
Speaker B: Dude, how about these political meme coins, huh? Bowden? Bowden's like 600 mil.
Speaker A: That's wild. And, I mean, only upside. Yeah, you know what I mean? It's not like the.
Speaker B: How have we also, I mean, we have five minutes left. How have we not talked about Costco hot dog?
Speaker A: I had a Costco hot dog today.
Speaker B: You did? Like, you ate one.
Speaker A: I did.
Speaker B: It was on top of the Mister beast burger.
Speaker A: The Mister beast burger was last night, but.
Speaker B: Okay, so it's the Costco hot dog that's giving you trouble, not a mister beast. No, I've in denial.
Speaker A: No, I won't blame the Costco hot dog.
Speaker C: I was convinced that the hot dog is stable because no one actually buys it. And chamber must be, like, one of the few people that finds utility in the hot dog.
Speaker A: Nobody buys the Costco hot dog at Costco.
Speaker C: Yeah. And that's why it stays a constant price, because there's too much supply.
Speaker A: What a wild statement. That's the wildest statement, man. Like, it's like, you just told me that people don't buy coffee at Starbucks.
Speaker B: By the way, star a Costco hot dog looking like it's going to want some all time highs potentially. Here, in a short bit, it's tried to break this $90 million market cap a couple times. It went, it went.
Speaker A: You go all over polish, by the.
Speaker B: Way, for Costco hot dogs. Yeah, I'm not. I don't get them very frequently because we don't have Costco near us. Oh, we did talk about Costco hot dog because they said we don't have a Costco near us, but this thing is looking like it might break this all time high pretty soon. And then, who knows? I think the next stop for Costco hot dog is 150 mil because it's $1.50 a dog. But then who knows? Is it $1.50 a coin? At some point? Is this going to go, could you imagine, to, like, $150 billion just to get to.
Speaker A: To hot dog parody?
Speaker B: Yeah, well, that's what that's, that's honestly one of the better memes going on in the space because the narrative is get this thing to hot dog parody.
Speaker A: You know, I believe in these degenerates so much that I think it will happen.
Speaker B: Chamber, I gotta tell you, there's a while before we get out of here. I. Your homework for the weekend is you better crank out just as many cat memes as you possibly can. I'll send you the transparency of our three little cats so you could just do this. By the way, my wife now, knowing that we own magic Internet cat, she bought our cats a wizard costume that should be here later this evening. So this is something that my wife's into now, too, so that's kind of fun. She's going to dress our cats in wizard costumes so I could post them on, on twitter. And then what else she. Or what else with the wizards? Oh, I. Do you know who I am? Mosho is.
Speaker A: No, I don't think so.
Speaker B: He's the cat rapper.
Speaker A: No, I'm not familiar with this person.
Speaker B: Oh, man. He had a, he had a cat that got him famous. He would rap with DJ Ravioli, his cat, and he's. He's got, like, five cats. And my wife loves him. And she was like, oh, my God, you should get a cameo from this guy and make him do a cat rap for the token. And I said, great idea. And then I looked up how much his cameo was, and it's insane. How much insane amount?
Speaker A: Let me guess, let me guess, let me guess, let me guess. Because it's only one price, right? Per cameo. So I remember because we've done a couple of k. Like, we've, we've purchased.
Speaker B: Yeah. Our Gilbert Gottfried one is epic.
Speaker A: So good. It's so good. I remember, like, really high end was like four or $500, and that got you a legit celebrity.
Speaker B: This was $500, and, like, I'm telling you, could have.
Speaker A: I mean, I'm trying to remember some of the names you could get for dollar 500 back when I was looking at it. Yeah, but I'd be.
Speaker B: This was four years ago, though, right? Actually, no more. We were wrecked. Podcast. Yeah. So it had to be. It was 2021, I believe.
Speaker A: It was, like, the start of cameo. Like, I was, I got right on there. I was very excited about cameo.
Speaker B: As soon as I showed you it for the first time, you were there, like, the next day.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: So this was, like, a $500 cameo for the cat rapper that I bought today. So the cat rapper should be making some magic Internet cat video. A magic Internet cat video.
Speaker A: At least I think I could get Kareem Abdul Jabbar for $400.
Speaker B: Does he like cats?
Speaker A: No, but I think that was, like, some of, like, I don't think this cat rapper is Kareem Abdul Jabbar level is what I was.
Speaker B: He's the Kareem Abdul Jabbar of cats.
Speaker A: That's cat rapping.
Speaker B: Right? Of cat rapping. He is.
Speaker A: He's the goat cream Abdul Jabbar.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, right. I'm gonna send you some of his videos, and you're gonna be like, oh, I get it now. You're a cat guy. You're into this. So we got that. We got. What I'm most excited about from the acquisition of Meab is Ken and his video skills.
Speaker A: I've already. Did you get in his DM's already?
Speaker B: I did yesterday afternoon after work. And I said, oh, hey. Because I didn't know that at the time, like, he was part of the deal. Um, yeah.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: I thought we were going to have to kind of like, how's my sweetener?
Speaker A: That was my sweetener.
Speaker B: Yeah, that was. That was just the best. Cause, like, I messaged him independently, thinking I was going to have to, like, you know, hire him. And, uh, he's like, no, I'm in. And I just told Chamber, I'm going to turn every video cat video on the Internet into magic Internet cat videos. So, look, I think we got some potential here. We got some content coming. We got a good community building, and it's. It's rolling. And we'll see. It's your wife.
Speaker A: Could be. She should head the magical Internet cat tick tock account.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And. And really just make cat videos with your cat in the wizard outfit.
Speaker B: Dad, that's amazing, actually.
Speaker A: Like, I feel like it's. It's so easy to do. Like literally 22nd clips.
Speaker B: Can you set me up? Can you set us up a TikTok for magic Internet cat? Share the password with me and I'm gonna get. I'll get her on that this weekend. And then, uh, what else? There was one other thing that I wanted to mention that I forget. That's about it.
Speaker A: New Jersey is not in the path of totality, by the way.
Speaker B: Uh, it's not?
Speaker A: No. Unfortunately, you'll get a good eclipse, but not.
Speaker B: We make our own totality here in New Jersey.
Speaker A: You know, I was trying to think of a funny italian word that rhymes.
Speaker B: With, well, we're now the earthquake capital of the northeast, so it's amazing. Shall we. Shall we get out of here?
Speaker A: Let's end this.
Speaker B: Okay. Don't forget, before we get out first, go up there. Stoops. Got a tweet up there and you can find the coinmarketcat soul Twitter account there. Definitely give that a follow. And support our buddy stoop on the community takeover they're doing. Sounds like they're up to some really fun stuff. And stoop, any final words there for the. For CMC before we get out of here?
Speaker C: Yeah, just remember, it's Friday, the community is in control. The cats are the meme, and we're taking over. Win room is in 2 hours, so we'll see you guys soon.
Speaker B: Sweet. Awesome. Thank you for jumping up, sharing your story. Congratulations on the takeover. Good luck. And, uh, as for us, hit that giveaway if you haven't yet. Up top. It'll be closing here any minute for some magic Internet cat giveaway and chamber that's going to do it for us today.
Speaker A: Very exciting stuff.
Speaker B: Do we now sign off with just like a bunch of meowing? Keep the, keep. Keep the mic hot. Like, how do I sign off now that we're, I think, a cat based podcast?
Speaker A: I'm not sure I'll let you do. I'll let you come up with something.
Speaker B: Oh. Oh. That's what I wanted to say. Paid next time. I don't know if you were around in the telegram this morning, payne, did you see all of the songs that the community was making? I didn't, but I'm definitely go around to, like, I don't know, 08:00 a.m. this morning, maybe probably like seven to 08:00 a.m. eastern time this morning and somebody got themselves into suno AI and made a ton. First of all, this is mind blowing. We'll do one of these as like the intro or outro for next show because we need to talk about, first of all, the community making AI magic Internet cat songs is incredible. Secondly, how good the actual songs are. And AI is going to eat everything and it's crazy. So that was the last thing I want to touch on there. Change. Definitely. Go back and listen to some. Yeah, I'm scrolling back as we speak. Yeah, they're insane. All right. That's going to do it for us. Until next time, keep the mic hot.
