Speaker A: I can't believe you actually quit.
Speaker B: I can't believe you quit.
Speaker A: End of an era, really. I think at this point, start of something new. You know what? Trim the fat. Brand new show. Let's do it.
Speaker B: This episode is brought to you by the DGen community Network media for the decentralized generation. If you want to connect or to check out more great NFT and crypto content, go to dgen.net work. That's dgen.net work. What's up, everybody? Welcome to the mint condition. I, the new and improved the new mint condition. I am joined today by our esteemed colleague and co host. Not plural chamber, just one. All we need. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker A: I'm doing great, man. Just retweet. I feel like the weight of carrying, I don't know, just when you've carried something for a long time, if you let it go and you just feel a lot lighter and a little bit more excited about moving forward, it's terrific.
Speaker B: This is so messed up. He's not even here, and we're still bagging on him. Oh, God. It's just so brutal. But you will notice a gap. We only have two today. That's because, Bunch, you, you know, we'll just leave it up to him. It's, you know, he may come back. He might not come back. We'll have to take bets on it. But, you know, he was pretty. He was down pretty.
Speaker A: Bunch of bets on it.
Speaker B: We'll take bunch of bets on it. His name coming to fruition. But, you know, we. He was down pretty bad last week, and, you know, just couldn't quite make it today.
Speaker A: You know what? And honestly, in, you know, I realist. I'm, you know, I'm. I'm a little bit of a sociopath. I will go back all the time. I really. What I do is I make two copies of the show. I make the one that goes out, but then I make one where I bring down the audio on both you and Bunch, and it's just me, and I just listen to my, you know, witty banter and angelic voice. But no, in listening back to the show, the guy's a genius. The guy was making nothing but money, and he's all. He's all sad about it.
Speaker B: He showed himself at the top of, like, the trading list, and it's like frickin 20 x. And so we're bagging on him like he's making bad calls. It's pretty. It's pretty funny.
Speaker A: But, yeah. So, yes, we are without bunch today. We'll see what happens. I know for sure if you follow the rec podcast, I think he wants to talk some rect. Rect podcast is great for the crypto people that are feeling depressed about how the market's going. And I don't know if you've noticed, but the market took an absolute dump last week right after our show, basically almost immediately after the show. And yeah, so we'll have a brand new rec podcast Friday morning and I think Bunch will be there.
Speaker B: So I think it'll be an uplifting one. The way the direction of the market is going now seems positive. Really, really big up today.
Speaker A: You think we've bottomed?
Speaker B: I don't know. We'll talk about it today because that's one of the takes is obviously the Federal Reserve had their meeting and the highlight TLDR right there is they're going unchanged on the, the rates, the interest rates for now promise. I feel like they're in the NFT market because they're doing this weird thing where they're like teasing out a drop. Right. Crash. They're like, but it's coming in March. So it's really funny. I'm not the most up to date on the political landscape and so anytime I venture in, it's pretty interesting how it's run. Seems like a bunch of just djen children as well. Just like.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, for the most part, that seems like a pretty apt assessment of the landscape.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that. I think that's on the money, but yeah, we'll see. So you, you put, I mean, Des, man, you're a brand new, but it's just you and me. You should see folks at home listening, watching the, the show breakdown we have. The guy's a freaking professional producer. Des comes with the, comes with the highlights for the show. So I'm gonna let you, I'm gonna let you run with it.
Speaker B: Yeah. Let's go.
Speaker A: What do you want to talk about first?
Speaker B: Let's, let's hit the, let's hit the button on the animation. Let's start our first segment.
Speaker A: Oh, my goodness. Let's do a little buy, sell, burn.
Speaker B: That's amazing.
Speaker A: That's great stuff.
Speaker B: We need more animation. It's pretty solid and like the audio with that. Phenomenal. So yes, we did kill Bunchu. He is no longer with us. But no, I mean, it's always a fun little segment that we do from time to time. I think I picked out three pretty good even. Pretty even playing field NFT projects to kind of review today, which we'll see, I have a feeling that we might actually agree on this, but we'll see. Yeah, we'll see.
Speaker A: What do we got? What do we got?
Speaker B: So, actually, we were just dripping Alpha last. Last episode, and we didn't even know it to be very. We were just dripping in Alpha last week. We talked about one of the projects on this, which is Azuki. Azuki. Top of the leaderboard right now with freaking 39,000 ETH volume in the last seven days.
Speaker A: Crazy stuff.
Speaker B: 39,000 ETH volume.
Speaker A: So I was really worried. Like, when we. We were talking about that last week, I didn't have any. We were showing Bunshu. He was. He bought it, sold pre. Pre reveal, made a ton of money. And I was just like, you know, this might have some legs. So I ended up buying it. I ended up buying, I think, three of them.
Speaker B: Amazing.
Speaker A: And really worried about it. And then today, not so worried.
Speaker B: Yeah, we are. When we talked about on the show, it was at a three e floor, and he said they were pretty cool, and they are all the way up to 7.4 today, which is just bonkers. So that's. That's phenomenal.
Speaker A: Take that all day long.
Speaker B: 54% ownership, distribution. Looking real solid. Got some celebrity. I saw some celebrities jump in. Yeah.
Speaker A: Only one. Who did you see? The only one I saw, I think, was Andrew Wiggins, the NBA basketball player for the gold. And I'm like, I did see that.
Speaker B: That's. That's probably on the b b generously.
Speaker A: Ooh, that's a very generous BDE. He's canadian. Canadian basketball sensation Andrew Wiggins.
Speaker B: Nice. No, there was a couple people that made it, like, their pick. I can't remember who it was, but.
Speaker A: It'S got to be better than Andrew Wiggins, though.
Speaker B: But nonetheless, way up. Just way, way.
Speaker A: Yeah. Huge.
Speaker B: So that's exciting. The next one we're going to have is a little controversial one, but I put it on there. It's hape prime, or formerly known as Hape Beast. We also kind of talked about it last show. They are up. I think we talked about it, and they were maybe around, like, the 6.9. They're only up till 7.38 today. But again, no, nothing too shabby. 17,000 or 16,000 ETH volume over the last seven days. This is all pre reveal. So if what I've been noticing in the market is if the artwork really is as good as promised, and most of the time, it's not, but if it is as good as promised, you do see a hike after pre reveal. Most of pre reveal, you get a drop. But some. Some, you know, everyone.
Speaker A: Well, especially, like, higher, higher value ones, too. Right.
Speaker B: If you.
Speaker A: Once you get north of an ETH, two, three eth. I do feel like some, like, I'm feeling one right now. It's not one of the buy sell burn, but I have. What is it? Killer girlfriends. Killer Gf.
Speaker B: Nice.
Speaker A: They're pre reveal right now. I bought three of them. I like about a 1.4 average.
Speaker B: I lost him. Who knows? I might be completely out of the show, but we'll see if Chamber comes back. Chamber. We got you.
Speaker A: I can hear you. Can you hear me?
Speaker B: Yeah, I can hear you.
Speaker A: Okay. Yes. You're still live. What's the third one of our bunk?
Speaker B: And then we're gonna throw in clone X, the artifact project Clone X, now owned by Nike. Yeah. So, yeah. And then that has had quite a resurgence, was right around that, like seven, 6.5 eth. And now we're all the way up to eight ETH, which is really interesting because this project, very high profile. Right. Tied into Nike. A lot of people, you know, are.
Speaker A: There was some negative. There was some negativity around it, for sure. Really has. Really hasn't done much in the last week or so. Two weeks. And last 24 hours, 48 hours has moved.
Speaker B: So this is. This is my, you know, cynical nature in me. Right? They haven't delivered anything yet. Their floor pumps hard. Means, you know, Nike has a few family and friends. Like, even before that announcement, you could almost see the writing on the wall. Absolutely. So I'm thinking maybe something is coming and a few people know about it and are taking advantage of it. We'll see. But, yeah, always.
Speaker A: Do you have any. So out of these three, so Azuki Ape and Clone X, do you have all three? Do you have a couple of.
Speaker B: I have Zuki and I have clone X. I have a very fairly large bag of clone X.
Speaker A: It's really.
Speaker B: Yeah, it was one of my favorites for a very long time, for, like, months on end. So that was one I chose to go in pretty hard on, but.
Speaker A: So I think I had three clone X at one point. I only have one now. It's a demon. I have three izuki. Still. I have zero hape.
Speaker B: Yeah, I wanted hate, but I just didn't like the rollout as much. And I got. I feel like, I don't know, mentally, I got priced out. I was just like, I'm not paying, honestly.
Speaker A: Like, it was just like another ape thing. And I was just like, am I going to spend tens of thousands of dollars on a. Another. I don't know.
Speaker B: It's not totally pre reveal. A lot of risk in that. A lot of risk in that. Let me remind everyone of a little project called Yetis. Back in the day.
Speaker A: Back in the day, they're making a resurgence.
Speaker B: They totally made a resurgence, which I think is hilarious. Um, but I remember when that drive that more than almost any other art, like, hype up and then just absolute, just fail. I think that was the yetis. I remember people screenshotting that the day after being like, what the hell is this?
Speaker A: Like, how things were, like, off, like, off center. Oh, I was. I still have one. I still have one yeti.
Speaker B: I have one yeti. Still.
Speaker A: Just for sentimental reasons, for sure. Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So we got.
Speaker B: What do we do?
Speaker A: We got buy self burn. Um, we got Azuki, we got hape. We got clone X. I'm thinking I gotta tell you right away. Yeah. I think I've kind of related how I feel about Hape. I'm burning hape. I'm selling. I think I'm selling Azuki.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And I'm buying clone X.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: I think that's what I would do.
Speaker B: It's a crazy thing, but I'm actually gonna disagree with you on this. Even though my bag is in, is in clone X, I would. I would probably burn hape just because. Screw them right now. I'm just kidding. I have no reason to do that. But burn hape. I'm actually gonna. Even at this elevated price, I'm gonna buy a zuki. I just feel like, I don't know, there's nothing many great and well established anime art, and I just feel like this is so much better than, you know, on one force and. And whatever. And I just. I feel like they could do some really cool stuff. So despite the crazy elevation price, I'm going to buy a zookee and I'm going to, you know, do a little bit of the, you know, sell the. Sell the news, if you will. And I will. I will sell clone x a little bit. Okay.
Speaker A: I like it.
Speaker B: Yeah?
Speaker A: Yeah, I like it. No, that makes a ton of sense. I think you're right, though. I think the. The anime art is on point. And honestly, there was some even clone X, there was some, you know, pushback on the art there as well.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: You know what I mean? Like, it's. It's cool, but maybe not as cool as. As a zuki. All right. I think. I think that that went pretty well. You know, I think we could take from here that we should probably all dump hape and either buy Azuki or clone X. I think that's dump it.
Speaker B: To a point where I can feel good about buying in. I'd really appreciate that, everyone.
Speaker A: That's, honestly, I think that some of the top replays right now are these kind of like five plus eth. You know, I mean, it's just crazy.
Speaker B: What we're talking about, right?
Speaker A: Because I mean, like, we're just saying five eth. But I mean, in reality, it's, it's not, it's a significant amount of money.
Speaker B: It's a crazy amount of money. And I still remember, you know, just being like sweating over a $5100 Topshop purchase and like, gas fees. You can't even touch it for gas fees. Like, it's just, it's, it's insane where we've like, ramped up to and where we started just a year ago and.
Speaker A: A 50% haircut off the top as far as the price of ETH, too. So we're even talking about a discounted price even, even at these levels.
Speaker B: I know.
Speaker A: So, yeah, it's tough. All right, so what are we going to do? What are we going to talk about next?
Speaker B: We got a lot of stuff to cover. So we're going to introduce a little bit of a new segment. I think we've done something similar in previous shows, but we're going to call it take it or leave it, in, which I'm going to present some takes, maybe hot, maybe icy takes. And you're going to either agree or disagree with the take. And we love it. Talk it out.
Speaker A: I'm 100% on board for this. That's great. So we will have a, we will have a drop for this eventually. Yeah.
Speaker B: We'll definitely have an animation for this. No doubt. No doubt. And we might change the name, might come up with the sexy.
Speaker A: We might, we also might coax bunch to come back with all these great segments.
Speaker B: I feel like it could re energize.
Speaker A: You might listen to this and be like, I like these segments. I need to participate.
Speaker B: I know. I swear, sometimes this show is just such a, like a stress reliever for me. Like, the NFT market can be so crazy. Just talking this out is valuable. So I'm sure he's missing us today. All right, so the first one we've already brought up, but I'm going to bring it up again. So Federal Reserve had a meeting today and decided that the interest rates will stay unchanged. So not go up till at least March. They warned which is so funny. They warned that in March it's coming, though. We're not going to do anything about it today. But we're warning you in March they're coming. So the take is fed rates stay unchanged until March, which will cause a bull run and then a bearish run towards march. Are you taking it or leaving it?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think it's. I think I definitely take it, you know, that not increasing interest rates will definitely. Because there was a last week, the market was down, the legacy market was down. I think this should help it kind of bounce back a little bit. But 100%, I mean, we're due for a big correction. I actually had, like a bad day about it the other day where I was really anticipating a little bit of a recession or a big recession, like, just globally. I think it's due here, at least where I live, there's a huge housing bubble that's happening. Just so you know, just kind of give you a little perspective on what's happening in North America. They're out of the top five highest average prices for homes for cities across North America. I'm assuming you could probably name a couple of them. Los Angeles, New York. You know what the other three are? Toronto, Toronto, Vancouver, and Hamilton. And I live in the middle of Hamilton and Toronto. It's bonkers. I bought my house at the last, during the last recession, and it was a great move. We've been wanting to move for a while. We've been wanting to move for a while, get a bigger home. But I'm like, I can't spend, like, you know, I can't spend a million dollars on a house and look myself in the mirror every day, you know what I mean? That seems for what you would get, you know what I mean? And not get a million dollar house. You know, when you think million dollar house, you're like, I should have some amenities, and I'm only looking for like four bedrooms, three bathrooms, a garage, you know, nothing crazy. And I don't want to spend a million dollars on that.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, I sympathize with that. My wife and I have been actually looking to move into something a little bit bigger, more applicable for a growing family and our baby now. It's just crazy. We got in at a fairly good time a few years ago into the housing market. Not necessarily like, 2009 crashed levels, but, you know, good levels, and we've done well on it, but it's just so hard to rationalize, like, paying so much more than what you're used to. And I was listening to some sort of. I think it was some video, but talking about the housing market in just Las Vegas. And, like, at the time of the, like, rise in housing prices in 2007, like, there was a supply shock and there was like 28,000 homes left on the market. There's 18,000 or no, 1800 homes left on the market right now. And it's just. The supply shock is just. It's insane. So, no, I sympathize with that. And, yeah, being in southern California, we're no strangers to insane house prices, but this is just getting crazy. It's getting crazy. We.
Speaker A: Andy feels it. Andy, tell me about a Vancouver housing insane. $1 million gets you a broken down track. There is actually. I don't know if it was on Instagram or on TikTok, but basically there was, like, a little game you could play where it was just like, crack den or Vancouver home for million dollar crack then, or million dollar Vancouver home. And there was basically no way to tell. It was. It's crazy. Like, Vancouver. Vancouver's nuts.
Speaker B: That's crazy. We. We put an offer. Listen, we put an offer 2020, like 2% above asking. Okay. Never done that in my entire life. 22% above asking. We bought our previous house under 22% above asking. Weren't even asked to put in another bid after that. Weren't even in that final group.
Speaker A: Move along, peasant. Unbelievable.
Speaker B: Unbelievable. So, yeah. Okay, so back to the original question, which is, will we see a bull market right now and then a bear market towards march? You say yes, right?
Speaker A: You say we're due for a little.
Speaker B: Bit of correction in general with the entire economy. I will say, yeah, we live by the daily news in the NFT community, so take it for what it's worth. I do think we'll see a nice little bull run. And what's crazy is we always talk about this, right? The inverse relationship between NFTs going up in prices and, you know, a dip in Ethereum or the other way around, rising Ethereum, dip in NFT prices and people selling off. Right now, you have a very weird time period where both are going up at the same time. EtH is on the rise again and NFTs are on the rise again. So how long that will last, I don't know, but it's incredible when that does come together because the markets get really exciting.
Speaker A: Well, that's a really good point, too. I was talking to captain, I think it was this morning on his spaces. And it's interesting when Ethereum moves, like you said, the NFT market gets affected, but because there's significantly less liquidity in nfts. You don't see these huge dumps like you do in cryptocurrency or even legacy markets. So, yeah, it'll go down, but I mean, it won't go down 50%. It might go down 20%, maybe 15%. And then as things flatten out, you can actually buy up those nfts and you will see, like, kind of what we're seeing now. Ethereum flattened out and now both Ethereum and the price of nfts are going up. So if, if ethereum goes down any further, then you really got to start looking at the total eth you're getting. You could actually still get more eth for those NFts or something. You were buying for one eth a month ago, you might be able to buy for three a month from now. Again, it's more eth, but it might be less us dollar value. Sure.
Speaker B: It's so crazy because I wonder how many people are actually trying to time those things and pull eth out into fiat and put it back in. You know, I feel like the EtH community is just.
Speaker A: I do all this. I just spent the whole week doing that is interesting. Very risky.
Speaker B: It's hard. It's hard to time markets, that's for sure. But it's fascinating. All right, so we're going to roll through these pretty quickly because I did come up with quite a few takes, so we'll get through these a little quicker. Asian market has not gone full into nfts. Just you wait for that boom. Are you taking it or leaving it?
Speaker A: I feel like the last couple of weeks, two, three weeks, we're starting to see that a little bit more. I don't know if it's at full mass hysteria yet from, you know, from our friends on that side of the world, but I think there's still some. I think there's still some time, like you said, like we're seeing right now, right? Like anime stuff is really popping. Yeah, I think. I think a little bit we're seeing, but I think there's still more to come. Yeah, I agree. I agree with that. I can.
Speaker B: I'm going to leave it.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: As a sports card enthusiast, like we always would talk about. And then this is in general markets. Like, wait till the asian market gets a hold of it. You know, asian markets so much bigger than the us market and it just like, never clicks as it should. So in a short summary, I'm going to leave that and say it's going to take a lot for a mass adoption of the asian market. But in general, like you said, you've been seeing a little bit more here and there, so we'll see it incrementally. Go. Maybe just not a huge boom. All right, next one's kind of funny. With all the demos of meta and everything that Zuckerberg's doing, offices will exist purely in the metaverse. So instead of going into a physical office, you'll put on your VR goggles and you will be in your virtual office with, with your colleagues having a meeting.
Speaker A: Yeah, I take it okay. For sure. I think we don't even know what we're gonna see. That's the thing we can talk about, like what the possibilities are. They're nothing like what we're imagining. It'll be insane. Uh, so, sure, why not? Yeah, that's just as realistic as anything else at this point.
Speaker B: You know what? You make a good point. I'm going to take it as well. I think it's just the technology needs to catch up a little bit, but the, the desire is there. It just, the usability needs to be a little less, it needs to be more frictionless. But honestly, I could, I could see it happening. I don't know if I want to see it happen, but I could imagine.
Speaker A: All the old timers, all the gen xers by that time. Like, remember, I just think back of, you know, when old guys, I was in, I was in the auto, I was in car sales very early, like when I was 1920 years old. And I mean, this was 2001, 2002, maybe 2003. So email was an absolute thing then. And I remember like old guys that I'd work with, like hating to deal with email and it was just like, you know, kicking and screaming. So could you imagine uh, you know, trying to explain to the future old timers?
Speaker B: No. The amount of ageism suits at these companies would just, would just boom.
Speaker A: I think I, you know what I think, you know, because we're really talking about Gen Xers and old millennials, I think by that point. And I think Gen Xers are, you know, they're, they're resilient group and I think they'll be okay. It's not like the boomers from, you know, stuck in their ways from the sixties and seventies, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. Yeah, you're right.
Speaker A: I have confidence in Gen X and.
Speaker B: The companies that will adopt that working environment generally have a younger.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's a good point.
Speaker B: That's a good point too. Cool. All right, so epic. If you're familiar, they, you know, create for night. They have a huge gaming, triple A gaming industry. Epic will become the biggest NFT gaming company going forward.
Speaker A: Are they in nfts at all?
Speaker B: Right now they have just released saying that they are going to bring NFT and crypto based games onto their epic platform. They're allowing it. They're going to allow it.
Speaker A: I'm going to. I'm going to leave it and I'll tell you why. And again, nothing against them. I'm sure they'll do fine. But just like anything else, like before Epic, there was somebody else.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: And Epic changed the game with, with fortnight, there's going to be another company that changes the game, the equipment. They'll be as big, if not bigger than epic, but specifically in, you know, metaverse or NFT gaming. I just don't necessarily exists yet.
Speaker B: I totally agree with you. I'm just going to move on and agree with your take there. I think, you know, it'll be some player we've never even heard of that that comes through and changes the game, you know? Yeah, yeah. Cool. All right, so big brands, some notable ones that are coming into the space, like Gucci. Big brands are good for the NFT environment also.
Speaker A: Gucci. Yeah, I think it's good. I mean, you're going to have to get into it, right? It's just like big brands getting websites back in the nineties, you know what I mean? You're going to have to do it. If you want to stay relevant, you're going to have to do these types of things. So, yes, I'm taking it.
Speaker B: I would take it as well. I just want to be a fly on the wall in some of these corporate boardrooms where they are maybe some boomers around the table. God, we got to get an NFT division together. Does anyone know anything? My grandson just bought a ape gang.
Speaker A: I think he's a millionaire.
Speaker B: I can just see that conversation happening around some of the bigger Fortune 500 boardrooms. I think. Yeah, it'll be interesting.
Speaker A: Absolutely.
Speaker B: Something that's been funny in the news with Elon and McDonald's. McDonald's should accept dogecoin as a form of payment.
Speaker A: They should accept dogecoin. Not continually.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: They should do like a weekend of accepting dogecoin and just have fun with it because the problem with even bitcoin, so like dogecoins, you know, very temperamental as far as fluctuation in price. It's such, it's so hard to accept cryptocurrency and then flip it back into us dollars to stop the fluctuation in price. So I would say I would take it, but only if they did it, like, dogecoin weekend. You know what I mean? But then that would pump the price of dogecoin and then after the weekend it would dump. So I don't know, maybe I'm. Maybe I am leaving it. Yeah. I just don't see how it wouldn't pump. And then literally, as soon as they were done doing that, it would just dump.
Speaker B: I mean, we saw it a little bit with, like, the rumors that Walmart was going to accept dogecoin. Right. And then it pumped and then it dumped. Yeah, I'm gonna. I'm gonna leave this one. However, I do in general think retailers should start accepting cryptocurrency, but I would say more mainstream focused cryptocurrency. Start with bitcoin.
Speaker A: Start with, honestly, like, I think it should be like, stable coins that they.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. USDC.
Speaker A: Yeah, you can convert whatever you want to USDC or dai or, you know, whatever Coinbase is using these days or tether, and you can accept that. That's. That's cool. That that doesn't affect anything and you can still use your phone and do whatever you want. But, yeah, I don't know, using a specific cryptocurrency, the logistics are very difficult.
Speaker B: Do you know anything about Andy Moss comment about KFC doing that with bitcoin in 2018? I didn't know that.
Speaker A: Yes. So I remember this. I remember this. So, Andy, good. Good point. KFC did that with bitcoin in 2018, called the bitcoin bucket. It was, it was the peak. It was the top, I think. Right, Andy, if memory serves me correct, the 2018 peak of bitcoin. Yeah, I think it was. I don't know if they officially did it or if it was just like, one day where they did it, but yes, it was the bitcoin bucket. And you could buy with bitcoin. At least that was the meme going around Twitter at the time. Sure. But yes, I do remember that.
Speaker B: That's funny. All right, this is an interesting one. NFTs will change the landscape of charitable donations.
Speaker A: In the sense of, like, how they're transacted or, because there's two ways I'm looking at, like, NFTs that are donations. Like donating an ape or donating a clone X or NFTs using a good chunk of their, you know, of their profits and donating those, because I'm seeing. I'm seeing a lot of that the second.
Speaker B: The second, yeah.
Speaker A: So, yeah, I'm taking that for sure. I think that's a great way to give back because essentially they're just, you know, making money out of nothing, really. So may as well like, may as well share it.
Speaker B: Shout out to, there's no bigger generosity than funny money, you know?
Speaker A: Absolutely, absolutely. That's right. You know, I talk about that a lot where I'm at a point now I've. And that's why you got to make sure that you take care of yourself first when you're in this. I know it's all, everybody's all maximalist when it comes to cryptocurrencies and NFTs and it's the future and I'm not doing it. Take some out for yourself because I'm telling you, if it does go to zero, but you've taken out three, 4510 times the amount that you put in originally, you're going to feel a heck of a lot better.
Speaker B: It's great advice. It's something I've done as well. Like maybe a few months back at the time I converted a decent amount of eth to fiat and of course I think I did it around the 33, 3500 price range. And then of course it booms to, you know, 4600 and you feel bad about that, but then it drops down to 2200.
Speaker A: You don't feel so bad.
Speaker B: That feeling, that reassured feeling, you're like, wait, I cashed out earlier than this dip like that. And I'm not saying all of it. Like, it's not time to pack, but just a little bit can, can really add some security to, you know, just mental state. Yeah, it's going to zero.
Speaker A: It's going to zero. Guys, buckle up. It's funny money.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, it's um. We need, we need the cynical views of chamber. Even though we don't have, I mean a bunch you, even though we don't have a bunch you today. So. Yeah, yeah, for sure. Cool. So next one. Oh, this is an interesting one. So free NFTs for attending sporting events will always be worthless.
Speaker A: I would leave it just as worthless as anything else you get at a sporting event.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: You know what I mean? Like, I don't know how many bobble.
Speaker B: Garage sales are populated with free giveaway night.
Speaker A: Right? Yeah, bobbleheads and towels and t shirts. I mean, I don't know at NFt. What's the difference? You know what I mean? So yes, I think they're kind of cool because like, I was a big baseball fan in the early nineties when I was a kid, back when the Blue Jays were awesome, and I had, like, you know, newspaper clippings and, like, magazines and, like, game. What do you call them? Like, when you go to a game, you get, like, a little magazine. What are they called? It's called something program. Thank you. So I have, like, old stuff like that, but through time, you know, there, they're faded a little bit. And so imagine having, like, an NFT that's, you know, 2030 years old that still looks exactly the same. You know, there might be some value there. So just. Just as valuable as anything else. You would get it at a sporting event.
Speaker B: That's a good take. I'm. I'm gonna. I'm gonna. I'm gonna leave it. I think they could be worth something, but they need to change. So right now, you know, you go to playoff game and Rams are giving out an NFT to anyone who joins. Well, that's freaking 90,000 NFTs market for 90,000 Rams fans. However, if they were to start doing it like a raffle, like, hey, yeah, here's a barcode. We're only gonna release a 101. You know, a hundred of you are gonna get this nft. Then it starts to get real interesting.
Speaker A: Especially, like, playoffs or Super bowl stuff. Yeah, totally.
Speaker B: So I think they just need to change it.
Speaker A: But, yeah, we should do a. When. Are you a football guy? I'm not a football guy, but I believe the Super bowl is coming at.
Speaker B: Some .2 weekends from.
Speaker A: We should really, we should really have a, you know, like a, you know, plus minus on how many NFT or crypto related ads we'll see.
Speaker B: So that's a whole rumor around. Bored apes is like, every single halftime performer slash person involved with the Super bowl randomly has a board ape going into the Super bowl. So that's fascinating.
Speaker A: It's very fascinating.
Speaker B: It's a good piece of rumor, and, you know, there's always a little truth to the rumors. But if, if board apes were to.
Speaker A: Do something, there's a bored ape commercial, get out of town. Could you imagine what a year.
Speaker B: Or just like, I'm even thinking, like, a video screen of Dre and Eminem, and it's like, they're bored apes, you know, on the screen. I just think that's very, very fascinating. So we'll have to, we'll have to wait and see on that one.
Speaker A: I still can't get over, like, I'm obviously a big laker fan. Yeah, that. It's crypto.com arena now. Like, it blows my mind. And it's called they call it the crypt, too, which I think is perfect. But yeah, I mean, it blows my mind. Like, it was Staples center forever. And I even started watching it when it was like the. The forum. Yeah. And. And now it's crypto.com arena. I mean, it's. It blows my mind.
Speaker B: It's insane.
Speaker A: It really is.
Speaker B: And you got. You got players. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: We have Malik Monk the other day.
Speaker B: Shoes.
Speaker A: Are you kidding me? Mandev, Drew comes out with some. With some hot take the crip because that team is dead. Like bunch.
Speaker B: I mean, that's hurtful because it's true.
Speaker A: It is. It is hurtful and true.
Speaker B: All right, this next one's interesting, maybe controversial. The NFT community is too lazy to care about triple A gaming.
Speaker A: Now, I saw this qua. I saw. I don't know what that means to.
Speaker B: What's a gaming. Just, like high fidelity. Like, gamer style games. Like true video game style games. Like, the NFT community doesn't want their NFT projects to do triple a gate, like, high quality games because, like, good.
Speaker A: Games, just as opposed to these shitty games that we're seeing.
Speaker B: Yeah, just because they, you know, the NFT community cares about the money side, not the entertainment side.
Speaker A: No, I leave that. I leave that. I think. I think NFT community wants high quality, you know, games where you can get a. Like it, like a fortnight. Imagine a fortnight type game where you can buy and sell NFTs that are guns and clothes and the dances and all that fun stuff. Like. I don't know. Yeah, it makes so much sense. I mean, I'm not a big fan of these little shitty games that yield, you know, it is what it is. People are making money on it. Good for them. But no, I still think real games where you own physical. Pardon me? Not physical, but you own digital versions of accessories, I think is still the way to go.
Speaker B: Sure. No, totally agree. I'm going to leave that comment or leave that take as well. I think once the good ones come, people will flock to them. All right, last one, very controversial bunch, who has done his last show.
Speaker A: If there's one thing I know about Bunch, he's not done. He goes into these peaks and valleys. He might. I mean, I might diagnose him as bipolar, but yeah, he has some down days and some down weeks, but then he comes back hot. So I anticipate, you know, him coming back with a lot of vigor and gusto in the near future.
Speaker B: I think that's all. I think the answer we're all hoping for. So I'm going to leave it as well, Bunch, who is not done. All right, that wraps it up for take it or leave it.
Speaker A: What a segment.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Loved it.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's what I'm saying. We did a good job. You know, ESPN, if you want to hit us up, or any new major news media outlets.
Speaker A: Oh, my goodness.
Speaker B: You know, we're becoming a little bit more official these days.
Speaker A: So speaking of, you know, mainstream media and whatnot, do you, do you ever listen to local radio? Now you live in a fairly. I turned it on the other day. It just happened to be on the. In the car, I think. My phone wasn't pairing. So, like, the Apple Carplay wasn't working. Sure. So just. It was just the radio. I was just dropping off my daughter at school and I was listening, and my daughter looks at me, she's like, is this a podcast? And I'm like, no, this is. This is two radio dj's talking to each other. She's like, this sounds like absolute trash. I'm like, it is absolute trash. Like, radio dj's are awful compared to a lot of the podcasts I listen to. So, yeah, I feel bad for them because I've known a few over the years, they make absolutely no money. They work the shittiest hours, and now a bunch of douchebags like us are just taking money out of their pocket, you know, free money. And then better banter, you know, free audio from Spotify. Free. You know, free. Free banter on both Spotify Apple podcasts. I mean, it's. We're. I feel bad for them, but they're not doing themselves any favors.
Speaker B: No, it's industry that I don't know is going to make it back. Evolve. You gotta evolve into the podcast Spotify era, so. But, yeah, awesome. Let's. Let's do this next one. It's called Santa's whitelist, which is a take on Santa's wish list. So what of these three projects would you want to be whitelisted for?
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: And. Okay, so you might not know the. These three.
Speaker A: I don't think I do. I'm looking at them now. I'm like, I think I may know one of them.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay. So one of them is called invisible friends.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Pretty hyped up. I think they have about 300,000 followers on Twitter, which I think is probably up there for one of the most followed projects along the side. Board apes at like 400,000. So it's one of the bigger hyped up ones has not released yet. Yeah, invisible friends, they're like walking animated invisible dudes with a. With, you know, different traits and characteristics.
Speaker A: So they have all the clothes, just no.
Speaker B: Just no body, no face. Yeah. No arms.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah. So invisible friends.
Speaker A: I think I've seen a couple of pictures.
Speaker B: Yeah. Hype bears, which, I'll be honest, I haven't even really seen too much of, but I hear about it a lot. Okay. Hypebears, 100,000 plus followers on Twitter. And I think they're just stylized like gummy bears. It looks like three D. And then. Voyagers unknown. I found this one, believe it or not, through TikTok. You know, it's tick tock is riddled with these little shell clips of, like, nfts that are going to make you rich in 2022.
Speaker A: I love them.
Speaker B: This one always pops up. Voyagers unknown. It's a cartoon style, semi hyper realistic version of a cartoon of humans, and they have, you know, your standard traits and whatnot.
Speaker A: Okay. Okay. Kind of actually, like, more similar to Clone X, I would say a little bit.
Speaker B: That's what it is.
Speaker A: But, like, not as much. Not as many, like, more traditional features.
Speaker B: Yes, exactly. Yep. That's exactly right.
Speaker A: That seems fair. Um, I would say if so, I can only pick one.
Speaker B: Yes, only one.
Speaker A: Let me take a look at hype Bears. So, invisible friends is where I'm leaning.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Hype bears. Yeah, yeah. I'm going invisible friends. A. Something a little bit different. I'm tired of seeing bears. I'm tired of seeing. I've seen versions of both of the other two already.
Speaker B: Sure.
Speaker A: And then you add four. Would you say 400,000? 300,000? Yeah, that's. Yeah, that makes more sense to me. So something I haven't seen before, plus a huge following. It just seems like the best way to make money.
Speaker B: Yeah, I almost. I tend to want to agree. Like, the invisible friends, I think, is actually, like, the three projects, is the one that most appeals to me. But from, like, a financial return standpoint, it's very weird. I actually am leaning more towards voyagers unknown, just given the fact that they're doing a lot of the ridiculous tick tock promotion and using those channels, but also that it is a PFP. I'm still a little concerned, like, if a non PFP NFT can truly make it in this industry, I feel like. Yeah, I don't know. I'm. Yeah. So I'm gonna. I'm gonna fade the other two and take.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: Only PFP on the list, which would actually be voyagers.
Speaker A: And are any of these whitelists open, by the way. Are they all closed?
Speaker B: No, they're all closed. They're all.
Speaker A: I was hoping you were. I have one for you.
Speaker B: That would be actually a cool segment where we do give away a whitelist. We should. We should ask.
Speaker A: No, just give them away to me. I don't care about anybody else.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: All right. Okay, cool. So. So you. You take your. You're on voyagers unknown.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker A: I'm on invisible friends.
Speaker B: We'll see what the Ford price is we'll see what the Ford price is in three months or so. Yeah, we'll see. Cool. All right, so. Got about 15 minutes left, man. We're just rolling through this. I did want to give some project updates that we've talked about. Maybe leak a little bit of alpha. So, goats, you know, we've had a tremendous recent. I think right before we did our last show or right after we did our last show, a new forge season opened up where you're able to combine goats and create a new goat. You participated in this forge season, which is fantastic. You said you were on the. You were going to. On the show and you did, and you created an amazing Kobe tribute, which today. Today marks. Right. Two years.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Since Kobe passed.
Speaker A: Oh, difficult day two years ago. Believe it or not. I don't know if I ever told you this. I was stuck in the Las Vegas airport when I found out after a, you know, a Vegas weekend and just hungover, smoking cigarettes, feeling like absolute garbage. And I got the news and my wife actually said she was like, maybe you should just leave rent a car. Because I've never been to LA before. I've never seen a game at the Staples center. And she's like, just leave rent a car. Just drive to LA.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And, like, just be there for, like, a day or two. And I was just like, I almost did it. I was there, but I ended up flying home. I was like, but, yes, tough day. You know, as a parent, you know, I'm a hashtag girl dad. Just like Kobe was.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And I mean, you know, he lost his daughter. I mean. I mean, he was. He was literally my hero from once, you know, since I've been, like, you know, twelve years old. Yeah. Just. Just absolutely heart wrenching. So, yes, two years since then, you know, I paid appropriate tribute and I minted, which is now the number five ranked Koby goat. We. I had to check. I checked with NYC Punter today. We pulled up the info. I think I'm ranked about 55 right now. Overall.
Speaker B: Overall number five.
Speaker A: Yeah. Number five, Kobe. But with, with. So I added. What did I do? I added laser eyes, which was the least rare trait that I wanted to add. So I'm doing it in kind of reverse order, just kind of least rare to most rare. So I have laser eyes, black pearl, I got ghost horns, mythical fur. And then I think next round, whenever that happens, I'm gonna add the crown and then I'm gonna finish it off with money mouth.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: It will be that. It will be the number one. It will be.
Speaker B: That's. That's incredible. Um. That's awesome. Um, well, thank you for participating in the forge and. And, yeah, timely, timely forge, given, uh, the anniversary of Kobe's death. And, um. Yeah, that's, uh. Yeah, I can. As a Southern California basketball loving kid, I can tell you Kobe was my hero growing up as well. So.
Speaker A: Sounds like something a clipper fan would say.
Speaker B: Des, there's no clipper. France from the nineties. Manda. That's not a. That's not a real thing.
Speaker A: I feel bad. I feel bad for clippers, but I do not.
Speaker B: I do not feel bad. So, yeah, no, we. We just did a forge season seven. We have a new thing dropping upcoming this next week, which is these legacy challenges where you got to own a goat and a kid. I'm really excited about that and. Really? Yeah. And then, you know, next month, we will be dropping our staking module. And so that's. That's really exciting. So big things are popping for ghost.
Speaker A: Taking for g milk. Right? Is that what I'm getting for g milk?
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker A: I love it.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker A: That's exciting.
Speaker B: Yeah. So super, super awesome. And a lot of works going into that and. Yeah, really excited for the future. The next project in which we were just straight up dripping alpha Washington. Those cool monks odds. Those cool monks that I said, you know, hey, you know, I aped into something for the first time in a long time and truthfully, I just didn't know they would. Boom. I just genuinely liked the art and aped in. And then you caught a win on the show and you. I think you bought, like, ten.
Speaker A: Immediately. Bought ten.
Speaker B: Yeah. That's incredible.
Speaker A: Jump. You jump. All right.
Speaker B: The ownership is so distributed. Like, ten is a lot. Like, a lot of people. Most people don't own ten. Like, it's just.
Speaker A: I've sold five of the ten.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay.
Speaker A: So I saw five. All, I think all but one are unlisted. So I have one listed for, like, maybe two and a half eth. Nice. Everything else is nice and rare and yeah, we might get.
Speaker B: We might get there. Honestly, I don't know. The. The biggest update there is that they released their white paper. So a huge part of, I guess, the hype around these was the staking mechanism. If you're familiar with. If you're familiar with the creeps brand, creeps, Genesis brand, that thing went nuclear, like, crazy nuclear there. Tokens called Lumi. It was like, started out like five cents and boomed all the way to, I think, to, you earned Lumi by, you know, staking your creeps. And apparently, I don't really know too much about creeps, but apparently this ecosystem in the white paper is very similar with a few tweaks to the creeps in which it kind of incentivizes by using your token to buy more upgrades early on, which is kind of an interesting model. Right. Um, it you. That game theory of, hey, do you just cash in your tokens when it's worth something? Do you hold on to them? Do you use them to reinvest and boost your platform more? It's actually really fascinating. I'm trying to. To learn a little bit about it, but it sent the market into a frenzy, and I think we're approaching, like, a one eth floor now.
Speaker A: I'm just checking now because we were darn close to it earlier today.
Speaker B: Yeah. Uh, I think gas might have heard it a little bit, but I think you're right.
Speaker A: We are at, yeah, 0.87 currently, so still not too shabby. No, and honestly, still a bot. Like, honestly, still fairly affordable. Yeah. You get some of these. Some of these we've been talking about. I mean, it's. It's. It's priced out of the. For a lot of people, so.
Speaker B: Oh, for sure. And I mean, it's crazy. Like, if this is truly the next version of creeps, like, creeps floor, once they introduce staking, I mean, it got crazy. I think it got past ten. I think it, like, flipped at one point, like cool cats or something. It got to ten. And so really, the thing is when, you know, you have 95% staking of an NFT or I, you know, even high eighties, like, just the supply shock is really hard. Yeah. So it prices a lot of people out. So this is interesting. But they, what I thought was so cool, and I don't know if I've seen this yet, but they're actually rewarding different levels of staking based on the rarity. So it's not just like, everything is worth the same amount of staking like you actually, for your more rare items. You get more percentage of interesting. Yeah. Which I thought was cool.
Speaker A: I think I have some legendaries, I got some elites and some epic.
Speaker B: Hey, that's incredible. For having only ten. That's, that. That's pretty incredible. So. Yeah, so I thought that was a cool mechanic. They. I'll just flip this real quick. But they have this thing called a boost pass, which I guess is another creeps invention. But it basically boosts your, your rate. You have to buy it with, again, just like kind of this snowball effect. And then, you know, they have a bunch of different sinks or ways to spend your, your tokens that you earn called CMB. They have a whole metaverse play. Look at this little. It reminds me so much of Pokemon. It's unbelievable. Which just honestly makes me want to hold it just to play the Pokemon style game.
Speaker A: No kidding.
Speaker B: But apparently they got this going on as well. I hope their dev team is amazing because this is a lot to promise. So they got staking, exploring, gathering land, playground. I mean, looks pretty legit store in which you can purchase items, I think probably for your land with CMB. So they're trying to create a whole ecosystem. Secure the bag. Yeah, they're trying to create a whole ecosystem and it seems pretty exciting. I'm obviously as a huge bag holder and I'm rooting for them as might.
Speaker A: Not be here next week.
Speaker B: I'm gonna be here, but you know, I'm rooting for them, obviously. But I think it's. I think it's cool. I'm a big fan of tokenomics and game theory, so hopefully it's as. It's legit as promised, but. Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's awesome. I'm pumped. Good. Alpha, do we, what do you got for this week? What do we, what are we looking at?
Speaker B: So I have.
Speaker A: What do you guys. I need, I need some. I need a fix of some sort.
Speaker B: I don't have too much. The self plug that I will say is. There is a whitelist that is open, I think, for the next hour. So there's a white list that's open for the next hour for like the tier one roll awards. It's the project that I have been working on with VHS, the company that owns Zed run, and it's called Humanpark IO and that's the website as well. So Humanpark IO, all you have to do is connect your wallet and enter an email address and you get on the whitelist for like the top tier whitelist. And it's only open for, I think, another hour. So that's a freebie. No risk there. You don't have to pay anything or anything like that. It's just a white list that's closing in an hour.
Speaker A: Yeah, and I'm on that. Easy, guys.
Speaker B: It's basically a metaverse.
Speaker A: This is a nice website, actually.
Speaker B: Yeah. Really high quality graphics, metaverse interoperability with a few other NFT projects, and, yeah, looking forward to leveraging the VHS partnerships, which are pretty sick, to create something pretty cool. So, yeah, get on the whitelist. That's some free alpha. It's not going to cost you anything. Super easy. And then it's funny, my little sneak, Alpha is actually not a project, but, like a community. I've been hearing a lot of rumblings about this thing called Platoon Dow.
Speaker A: Yes, I'm here. Yeah, I don't know what it does, though.
Speaker B: I haven't done too much research into it. I just joined, like, recently, but might be something to look into. You know, it's. There's power in numbers, I will say, in these NFT projects, and getting in the right ones. And I feel like Platoon Dow is setting up for something pretty special, so that's. Oh, yes. Main Mac points out a good thing. You got to be on desktop. I don't think it works on mobile, so you got to be on desktop to join the whitelist for Humanpark IO. Thank you. Appreciate that. Yeah, so that's the alpha is make sure you get on that whitelist and then check out platoon Dao. Yeah.
Speaker A: Could be heard here us, the next cool monks.
Speaker B: Yeah, we're gonna. We're gonna promise ten x returns every. Every week from now.
Speaker A: Every week.
Speaker B: That's how we're gonna grow our show.
Speaker A: Just. That's a winning. That's a winning recipe, though. That's a winning recipe.
Speaker B: Oh, look. Look who we got a comment for. Put it up there.
Speaker A: What do we got? You got what? Yeah, I think is. I think his account was hacked. This show sucks. By Don Bunchu. Real talk. I actually thought his real first name was Don when we first.
Speaker B: Oh, that's incredible.
Speaker A: I thought it was done, but, yeah, I miss. We miss him. Let's be honest, it's not the same. Even though I would say this is a top three episode of all time for TMC.
Speaker B: He did confirm that the person who put this show sucks. He did confirm. Confirm that it was, in fact, not hacked.
Speaker A: So that's exactly what a hacker would say.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: All right, you want to land this bird?
Speaker B: Yes. Wow. Not only did we deliver incredible, meaningful and organized content, but we landed this bird on time at an hour, which is professional as much.
Speaker A: I don't want to say professional, but, yeah, I think that's what you'd have to say.
Speaker B: Perfect. Well, I feel so weird signing this out.
Speaker A: It's natural.
Speaker B: No, it's not natural. Until next time, stay mint.
