Speaker A: We are recording this one. The Lord hasn't smoted us. We were saying some pretty blasphemous stuff on the last episode, and the Holy Spirit turned the record button off on us.
Speaker B: It was for the best.
Speaker A: Maybe, maybe, maybe for the best. But if anybody can tweet out, give us a little retweet there in the. I don't know. What's the official word for this thing? I want to call it the chat bubble. Yeah, retweet it. Do me a favor. That'd be terrific.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: I'll pin the space to the top. If you have trouble finding it, you can just click it up top and then share that puppy out.
Speaker A: I would like to speak to people that are in New York today. I think that's. That's what I want. I want to hear about what I'm missing today in, in the beautiful capital of new. I don't know. It's not the capital. New York City is not the capital of New York. Right. That's Albany. Am I getting my.
Speaker C: That would be correct.
Speaker A: Des, how are you doing, man?
Speaker C: It's a little bit of a sore subject. I'm. Well, I'm supposed to be on my way to New York right now.
Speaker A: But you were supposed to go.
Speaker C: Unfortunately, yeah. Unfortunately. I had to cancel my trip very last minute last night.
Speaker A: Did you have to pay any penalties from the airline?
Speaker C: Oh, yeah, all the penalties. They give you nothing. They give you nothing these days. I technically get the credit. I get the credit for a future flight.
Speaker A: Full credit.
Speaker C: But yeah, yeah. Full ticket price credit.
Speaker A: Yeah. That's not awful. What airline is this?
Speaker C: American.
Speaker A: American. They're okay. What's the worst? Is there, like, I always hear, like, southwest is bad. Is there, like, oh, so the apps.
Speaker C: So in the US, the top three, I would have to say it goes spirit, allegiant, and then Frontier are the three words.
Speaker A: I've never even heard of. Allegiance. I've heard of spirit. I haven't heard of allegiant or frontier allegiance.
Speaker B: When you have absolutely no money and you just take the risk if you're actually going to make it.
Speaker A: Really? We don't. I don't think we have that option in Canada. Like, we have Air Canada. That's basically like your. And american airlines, I guess. And we have WestJet and that's about it. We have Porter. If you want to fly fancy out of downtown Toronto, I'll do that sometimes, but that's about it. There's no, like, bargain basement price for us. I guess if you go. If you do like, these package vacations out to, like, you know, Mexico or Jamaica. You can get like, the sun wing package. But that plane's absolutely terrible. Yeah, we don't. We don't have the. And there. And it's always like, there's like, what's a cheap flight? Like, if you wanted to get from, like, la to New York, what's that gonna cost you?
Speaker C: If you. If you. If you can get that anywhere in the threes, that's great. Twos would be, like, super rare.
Speaker A: Okay. Like, round trip. Yeah, I don't. I feel like that same distance. If I'm going out to, like, Vancouver or something, or, like, Calgary, it's like $800 round trip. Like, that's. That's what it's costing me each time. It's terrible. The. The airplane system in Canada is the worst. Um. Yeah. Does anybody. I don't know. Is there anything you're missing, des, like that you wish you were going to?
Speaker C: Yeah. My goats event, which is literally tomorrow, and I'm pretty bummed about it.
Speaker A: What's gonna be happening at this goat event that you're not going to? Was there meeting with this?
Speaker C: No, but I mean, it's just. It's just a happy hour. Tomorrow at 05:00 p.m. if anyone's out there and is. Is a goat or a friend of a goat, you can come on by. It's at Kingston hall downtown. And, yeah, free food and drink. And unfortunately, I will not be there, which just about bums the shit out of me.
Speaker A: That is. That's terrible. I feel bad, but in another way, it's funny.
Speaker C: No, it's not funny. It's not. It's about as not funny as you. Also bailing on freaking NFT NYC. And for a fifth he and for a fifth year bunch, who's sadly being disappointed and not meeting you.
Speaker A: It'll happen. I want it to be special. I don't want it to be with other people around, you know?
Speaker C: I don't think it's ever gonna happen. I got good odds on it. I took the bookmaker plus 300. I got it. I locked it in. It's never happened.
Speaker A: I. What's. Do you think you and I will meet first before punching that?
Speaker C: That is way more likely. That is way more likely.
Speaker A: I could see you, like, popping over to Toronto for something. How far? Yeah, how far are you downtown? Like hour and a half. Not too bad.
Speaker C: So I'd. Knowing you, I'd have to drive that. No, I would meet you in Toronto to see.
Speaker A: That's live like, I'm in Toronto a couple times a month, so I got.
Speaker C: You would probably drive farther away from where you currently are as an excuse not to meet up with me in where you live. That's true.
Speaker A: Maybe Detroit. We could meet in Detroit. I'm like an hour, 15 minutes to Detroit.
Speaker C: I'm going to go to Toronto and you're going to say, yeah, no problem. Let's meet in Detroit.
Speaker A: I promise you, if you're in Toronto and it's just you, I will meet you there. That's just me. What is this? No, but I mean, it's not a whole thing, you know what I'm saying? If your wife's there and kids, I'll meet them, too. That's fine. But I'm saying, like, you know, not a big.
Speaker C: You got a deal. I'm gonna hold you, too.
Speaker A: I will meet you. Yeah, that's, I almost, we had one of the night shift guys in Toronto and I was gonna go meet him, but I think he was having a.
Speaker C: Actually, you know what? I take it all back. You should come out and meet me. We can go to a Lakers game. Oh, and that would be.
Speaker A: Yeah, that would be ideal. I would rather that, I think. How far are you from, like. Yeah, the, the new crypto.com arena.
Speaker C: It's the same arena.
Speaker A: I know, but it's new to me.
Speaker C: Okay. About 45 minutes.
Speaker A: Yeah. That's very reasonable. Yeah. Did you happen to catch that game last night? Yeah.
Speaker C: I bet it at halftime, too, because I was, I just, that was a, that was a ridiculous first half start. So I was pretty pumped because I.
Speaker A: Think they were favored by like eight points, nine points going into the halftime.
Speaker C: They were like half.
Speaker B: They had eight and a half in the beginning.
Speaker C: At halftime, they were, it was a minus three dog.
Speaker A: I think I saw plus three dogs, plus five and a half dog on it at one point.
Speaker C: I swear. Yeah, I swear I saw five and a half and then got taken down to three real quick.
Speaker A: Yeah, that, that game took like three years off of my life. It was, it was like 130 in the morning here. I'm trying to get to bed. You know, it's, you know, I had to listen to all the post game stuff. It was, it was terrible. But, yeah, it was. The Lakers won. We're facing the Memphis Grizzlies in, in the first round of the playoffs, the second seed. I feel pretty good about it overall. That's starting, I think, on Sunday at 330 Eastern, 1230 Pacific, I want to say. So we'll see. We'll see. I think the Lakers got this one. I'm going to be honest. I feel good about it. Yeah, I want to. Yeah. If anybody's in the crowd right now that's at nftnyc, feel free to come up. I'd love to hear what's happened. I heard through the grapevine yesterday there was something. Maybe somebody knows what's happening. But apparently I was getting maybe some negative feedback on the doodles event. Des, do you hear anything about that?
Speaker C: No, but I want to hear.
Speaker A: I just kind of heard rumor. There was a buzz around. I don't know if anybody has any, any light to shine on that are.
Speaker C: The d gods community out doing chewies out on the street and tearing up the dance for you?
Speaker A: These d gods, they got people scared in the streets. I was talking to some of our DJ and crew, and I said, oh, who's going to go to the, you know, the d gods event? And a lot of people were scared of. A lot of people are scared to go to that d gods event. I don't know what they think is going to happen there, but it's definitely not going to be as bad as the thinking.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, I mean, if I'm going to a d gods event, though, I'm buying the shoes that day, doing a sock change maybe midway through the event. So if they force me to do. It's coming out clean.
Speaker A: You want that clean? The worst shoe I saw, I don't know if you ever saw it. Does, uh, TJ from the night shift crew did. I'm not even joking. Uh, during a live. A live show. I think it was. I think it was to get a Ute's whitelist spot. Like, this is pre ute's drop.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: And he did a shoey out of his.
Speaker C: Like, you're losing. I can't even listen to it.
Speaker A: So it was a, like a, like a cross country shoe that he used, I guess, like for like, like, you know, dirt. Dirt running. I don't know what they do. Not street running. Riding and running in the dirt. And had a glass of milk room temp that he poured in and chewie that. And I thought I was going to vomit, man.
Speaker C: That's how you get. That's how you get on.
Speaker A: He got it.
Speaker C: He got it. I bet he did.
Speaker A: It haunted my dreams for days after that. He's like, this is how you get a staff infection. Gross. So, yeah, shout out to TJ. Still probably holds that ute. I don't know. We have some topics here at DES. Maybe we can chat about that until we get some New Yorkers on the stage. So what's the.
Speaker C: So what's the deal with bunch today?
Speaker A: Part time Patrick over there in New York. Dongle out. Apparently he can't charge his phone because his phone only takes one particular charger, like a five year old ipod. So apparently he has no power. He's just walking around New York City with no cell phone at this point. Mosher, what? What do you got, man?
Speaker D: Part time Patrick doing shoes in the streets? Do you know, I'm not, like, I literally came up just before you said, oh, if anyone's at NFT NYC. I was. I'm definitely not nft one by. See, what's interesting, though, right? It's like when, like, when these events, like, it really is a testament to how small the space is because when we have these events on, the engagement across Twitter is so much less. I think there's, like, 20,000 people in this space. I think Max. And so it's interesting to see that. But, you know, speaking to the points about Frank, right, he is so in step with Webfree along with, like, lucanettes and stuff. Those two guys, they just get web free. And, like, they are really. They are like, I mean, like, doing shoes in the streets, but, like, they really get it, man. So I just thought I'd come in, just kick it with you guys and just, you know, just vibe off the back of that, see what you guys were sort of jumping in on. And would you be in, be nervous.
Speaker A: Going to a D gods or youths party?
Speaker D: Do you know what? It's interesting, right, because I went to the people event over in London, and it was a great event. Like, the people were so chill there. And, like, it was nothing like a frank event, right? Because, like, you know, people was walking around in the club, just like, everyone was so laid back. Nobody was mobbing him or anything. The bodyguards didn't even need to do their job, to be honest with you, because it was just so, like, yeah, yeah. He was walking around bodyguards, so he didn't even like. And nobody even bothered him. They were like, yeah, yeah, yeah. Do you want to drink? And everyone was tanked up on alcohol as well. It's free alcohol all night, so I. But I don't know. I don't know how it would differ. Well, I guess we'll see what happens when it comes to the videos that come out of.
Speaker A: Clear on this. Before I start making fun, we're saying Frank is walking around with bodyguards currently in New York.
Speaker D: No, no, no. I was talking about an event with people I went to. I was just saying.
Speaker E: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: So everyone at that event was very relaxed and chilled and, and they were, everyone was tanked up on alcohol, but there was, there was definitely no shoes going on on the dance floor, that's for damn sure. And so I wonder how that's going to differ to when, you know, what we see from videos out of NFT NYC with Frank and fuck knows, man, it's going to be mad.
Speaker A: That's wild. Yeah. I don't know. I think. I think it'd be fun if, you know, if I had, if I didn't have social, you know, crippling social anxiety and I was in New York and I was invited to a D gods party, I think I would definitely go. I think that would be a lot of fun. But we do have some people in the streets running a little bit scared right now. Is there any, if you. I know you're not there right now. Is there a particular event that you wish you could go to in New York this weekend?
Speaker D: No, I just like to go to my own events. No, I'm only joking. I think the only consideration, I haven't had the finger on the pulse because I've just come off the back of the Beeple exhibition and I've just been reading more broader things on Web three, to be honest with you. So I haven't been up to date with the specifics of what's been going on. But of course, one thing is, when it comes to these events, there's two things that usually happen. People end up getting sim swapped and hacked. So, like, we saw, like, the vfriends situation, like the VCOn where people got hacked and. And they didn't realize until it was too late. So just make sure you're aware of, like, when it comes to announcements, like many, we get many false announcements or scam announcements across these events from people of particular interest. So be aware of those. So any stealth drops and shit like that, probably try not to, you know, get too excited about them because they may be scams. And the other thing is, is just to watch out for, like, QR codes, you know, out on the street that, you know, we had this thing last year, people were like, just, you know, sticking these QR codes on like lamps and stuff like that and getting their wallet straight.
Speaker A: That's a great idea.
Speaker D: People are fucked up drunk, right? So. Yeah. So that's it. Anyway, I gotta go. I thought. I appreciate you guys. I try my best to. Yeah, it's good to see you, man.
Speaker A: Always appreciate you. If you are in New York, feel free to reach out to any of the DJ and crew there. They do have QR coded stickers that they're giving away, so hand those out as much as you can. Those will go right to my wallet. V squared, man. What's up?
Speaker E: Have you. I don't know if it was real or just satire or whatnot, but I've seen people checking into their hotels that. That the d gods had set up for their community, and one guy walked in, and it had. That. It had, like, a TikTok of Frank on the tv playing, and the fridge was stocked with, like, liquid death energy drinks and coffee drinks, and it totally.
Speaker C: Might just be me, but I cannot hear v squared. I know you can hear.
Speaker A: I can hear him, but I cannot.
Speaker E: You got. Okay, okay.
Speaker A: So he was destroyed. Apparently. The rumor is we don't have hard facts on this yet, that the hotel rooms that were set up by the d gods team are stocked with liquid death water and caffeinated drinks, and apparently are Frank TikToks playing on the television. I hope that's. I hope that's true. I don't know if it is, but I hope it is.
Speaker C: I'm gonna. I'm gonna go. The Frank TikToks on the television. Real. I know I saw someone post that on twitter, but I think that was the lit. The liquid death co branding. Hmm. That'd be nice. Would be nice.
Speaker A: Touch.
Speaker C: I think, man, the amount of money, money that you had to pay, I think, to get that d gods experience, if I can remember, people were tripping out about it, but I'm pretty sure it was pretty expensive for a kind of, like, what people were saying is a mediocre hotel.
Speaker A: But, yeah, I have to imagine it's not. You know, where Kevin McAllister stays when he goes to New York? You know what I mean?
Speaker C: You mean the plaza? No, I do not think. I do not think it was the plaza.
Speaker A: What do you got? What do you got? Pain?
Speaker B: Just checking in on the comments. Earlier, we had JP Kaz saying Memphis in five. I tend to agree. Probably not Memphis and five.
Speaker A: Are you kidding? It's going to be Lakers.
Speaker C: And mute everyone. Mute everyone. Mute everyone.
Speaker A: Chambers, that's egregious.
Speaker C: Kick everyone.
Speaker A: Get out of town.
Speaker B: Oh, I'm sorry. I just had to kind of throw that in there just to, you know, rile you up a little bit.
Speaker A: Are you. Are you a Tennessee guy? Payne?
Speaker B: I'm in Tennessee. Do I care about Memphis that much? No. Do I? After watching the Lakers. Do I think that they're going to win the championship? Absolutely not.
Speaker A: Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Speaker B: I'm just saying how. I'm just going off an eye test, okay? I have no allegiances, so I'm not.
Speaker A: This episode is more blasphemous than the last episode is all I'm telling you.
Speaker B: That's probably true. I also wanted to point out that phonics said that there was no doodles event. It was a few people from doodles that had their own event. So, of course, yeah, you know how that goes. And then, of course, at the top, I went ahead and pulled a bunch and pinned my tweet over v squared's tweet and saying that jweb, we had boots on the ground.
Speaker A: I took a look at this picture. For those of you who can take a peek, this street team reporting in tweet here. I mean, there's going to be a caption. I put on this at some point later this evening when I'm feeling. When I'm feeling funny. But, man, that is a pic that I'm going to be using a lot over the next several weeks and months. That is a crew. This is. I don't know what. I don't know what it is. I got to work on it a little bit, but there's definitely some comedic gold in that picture, and I'm gonna find it. It's glad. I'm glad. We have boots on the ground in New York. So we're gonna be putting out some content over the week from our team on the streets. So they'll be at different events. We have a couple of production crews, you know, that are going to split up and go to different events throughout the week. And we'll be cutting up some of that footage and putting out on Twitter and TikTok. And I think we're actually going to be end up making a little mini recap movie at the end of the week from all the stuff that we get. So keep an eye out for that. Should be good. I'm just looking at this news here, so, I mean, I'll read off what we have. And, des, maybe if there's anything you want to touch on, you know, you just let me know. So I have gen three of Reddit avatars. A shit show. Okay, that's pretty good. Truth labs. I forget who truth labs is. What are they?
Speaker C: That's Illuminati group.
Speaker A: Gives holders the middle finger while updating metadata. We got migrating contracts to ensure 5% royalty moving forward. Doodles opens up applications for community council. I don't know what's up with all these councils. I don't. I don't like it. There should be a strong leader at the head of all of these projects, like yourself, Des, that makes unilateral decisions, sweeping on, you know, on any given whim. And the last one here is proof announces mythic egg claim starting on April 17. That one's probably them. I don't know. Is that the one? Is it the most popular one? Oh, there's also a.
Speaker C: That's probably.
Speaker A: Yeah, there's also waitlisted or. Yeah, waitlisted for proof's beeple event. You've been upgraded. So I would say. Yeah, the mythic egg. Do we know, are you still a moon? Like, do you still have, like, a big old bag of moonbirds?
Speaker C: You gotta be kidding me. Absolutely not.
Speaker A: Okay, do we know. Let's. Let me pull this up here. Do we know what is this mythic egg claim? It sounds like. Sounds like a lot of.
Speaker C: I think it was the diamond nest reward. So anyone who is diamond nesting, I think you get to claim your mythic egg. But again, it goes back to, like, I'm not a huge fan of the claim. For the ticket to claim the next claim, which gets you into the claim of the. For future claim.
Speaker A: No, I. Yeah, I'm with you on that one. I'm not a big fan of that myself. It says, d tier, the mythic eggs are part of the moonbird's upcoming PFP collection. Moonbirds mythics. There are three categories of mythic eggs. Stone eggs, runic eggs, and legendary eggs. The language of the tweet suggests that those with diamond nests have a higher chance of producing rarer moonbird mythics. Excellent. I don't know. Like I feel. Is moonbirds done? Like, I feel like they are. But we have a floor price right now of. Looks like 3.1 eth oddities are coming in hot at. .37 is this. I don't know. Are they done?
Speaker C: Sorry. If you can hear the plane, I'm currently actively trying to avoid my deathly sick wife. So I'm outside and, yeah, I do think they're kind of done. They did do a pivot. They did do a pivot to, you know, kind of art forward, a mission going forward. But, no, I'm still. Yeah, I mean, it was my one prediction to go sub to eth four by the end of the year, so I'm sticking to it.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think so.
Speaker C: Sticking to.
Speaker A: And is it worth. I know bunch made an argument that it was worth it to start picking some up if it got to a certain point. Do you see a point in if it goes to your 1.81.5? Are you picking some up? Is it worth it? Is it. I don't know.
Speaker C: For me, no, probably not. There are other projects out there that, like, if a floor were to fall, you know.
Speaker A: Are you familiar, are you familiar with Cezanne? They are.
Speaker C: Hey, congratulations. They're actually kind of rolling, right?
Speaker A: They're doing okay. Maybe they're not.
Speaker C: They're maintaining our.
Speaker A: Maintaining, you know, that's exactly right.
Speaker C: If, if they can maintain through what should have been a pretty significant dip, that means I think there might be a decent climb if they can put some things together.
Speaker A: So I think I saw.
Speaker C: I'm rooting for you.
Speaker A: There was some, there was some big screen footage in, in New York last night. Apparently there was like a. I don't know. I don't know if you saw this either, because I do have a, I do have a gripe with nfTNYc. Did you see, like, the pic of, like, all of the. I don't know if they were all speakers, but basically they were showing a bunch of, like, Twitter avatars with the names of the people that were gonna be. And it was on, like, the big New York screen, you know what I mean? Downtown.
Speaker C: Gotcha.
Speaker A: And I recognize absolutely zero people on that list. Was that just me? Have you seen this?
Speaker C: Well, I got. Man, I got a real kick of reading through the NFT.
Speaker A: Who puts that out?
Speaker C: The NF, the top 100 list.
Speaker E: Nft now.
Speaker C: I'm so sorry. You didn't make it. Chamber. Did I not make academy voter? I, I did vote for you, but just so you know, you didn't make it. I feel like I should. I got a kick of looking at that.
Speaker A: Listen, we're all in agreement that there's only about 20,000 of us. If I'm not in the top hundred, what. What's it all for? Are we in the top hundred?
Speaker B: Well, you didn't slip them the customary one eth to get put or.
Speaker A: So.
Speaker B: That's where you missed out.
Speaker C: Don't even. Chamber would have done that in half a second.
Speaker A: I would have paid double the price for a top. I would have paid five eth for a top ten finish. I would have paid, I would have paid one EtH for top 100. Yeah, probably two EtH for top 50 and then maybe like three EtH for like, top 25. I feel good about that. And then I could brag to my mom and say, look, I'm somebody, mom. But yeah, I did not recognize any of the people. And there honestly was at least the pic I saw. There must have been 30 people in this pic and did not recognize one of them. I even scrolled in to see. I didn't see, like, I know we have some. Some friends of the show. Like, Steve is going to be speaking. I believe I want to say either. Is it corporate trash speaking outer. Outer lumen? Yeah, I just. Is a both or is it just outer lumen?
Speaker B: I think there's one more dj.
Speaker A: Somebody else speaking.
Speaker B: I don't know if corporate trash was.
Speaker A: Or nothing, but I didn't see any of their names. So, I mean, those are. I know those names way more. So I can't figure out why they weren't on the big screen. But I got a look at this nft. Now. Do we. Do we have a tweet for it? Because I'm gonna. I'm gonna pull up the list of the top 100 because I need to know. I need to know. Is it.
Speaker B: I looked at it on rig show and it was. I mean, it's absolutely ridiculous.
Speaker A: Oh, here it is right here of 2022. Was it the 2023 one or was it just for the year?
Speaker B: V squared, I feel like should have it pretty quickly.
Speaker A: I'm on the site right now.
Speaker E: Yeah, it's the latest.
Speaker A: Is it 2020 for all of last year? Okay.
Speaker E: I believe so.
Speaker A: Creators and community. So let me see here. Let's go. Community. I mean, I don't know how DJ's not on there. It doesn't look like we are.
Speaker B: Yeah, we got. We got rug.
Speaker A: Rug radio for ropes on there. Gee money. Friends of the show. You know, some people say that they wouldn't be where they are without being on them in condition. Magic. Eden, if I see something, I'm gonna be upset if I. Okay, prank, see? Okay. I guess we could, you know, that's fine. The nifty show. Come on. What the hell? I feel like DJ should be on here. This is. Maybe 2023 is going to be our year. That's a little upsetting. I'm going to be honest. A little. Little mad about this. I know Steve's out of his mind right now, because. Did Steve make the list?
Speaker C: Oh, my God.
Speaker A: He's having a rough.
Speaker B: He's having a rough day today, I think. V squared. Do you want to bring up and fire chamber up a little bit? You see what he thinks about the cabal, the doping?
Speaker A: A cabal?
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker E: So one of the. One of the top 100. Just. I've been driving this into the ground today. One of the top 100.
Speaker A: Just so.
Speaker E: Happened to be an advisor to a project that minted yesterday called Blocky Doge and supposedly, actually, I don't think it's supposed anymore, dumped 200 of the allow list mints that they were given on the floor right into volume, all at the same price. And previously, I think, hours before, was tweeting about wanting to get the community involved and how they were in and all pretty much just dumped on their followers. So that's the, that's the top 100 for you.
Speaker A: Wow. I feel like deejay is going to put out their own, you know what? I am editor in chief of our website, so I can just make our own top 100.
Speaker E: I think. I think that's what Payne said earlier, too. We could, we can make our own.
Speaker A: I think we do that. The real, I think we do that maybe like a top, do we do a full top 100 and there's no net.
Speaker B: It's not even necessary because they were making, they weren't even people. It was projects.
Speaker E: It was Steve Aoki, Frank and Kevin together.
Speaker A: Brings projects down as he purchases them. How is he in the top 100? I'm not happy with this list, guys. I'm gonna be honest.
Speaker B: I'm really interested in what circle has to say. I'm not circles.
Speaker A: What do you got, Mandev?
Speaker F: I'm just gonna reiterate, what was kind of shared on MySpace earlier. Was it v squared or pain? Who was saying that? That project in particular, the, the founders, quote, unquote, minted early and dumped all their remnants on the blurbiters. So, I mean, the same project, it's just filled with, you know, scammers and degenerates of degenerates.
Speaker A: I didn't see bit boy on there. So, I mean, it's not full scam.
Speaker F: I meant the one that Nicole or whoever dumped her 100 or 250 on the followers. That same project that she dumped on the project itself minted out a bunch beforehand.
Speaker A: Really?
Speaker F: Then dumped it on Blur farm.
Speaker E: They came out and apologized. I'll try to find the tweet. Yeah. Now that they've gotten caught.
Speaker B: Well, me and Chamber were talking earlier about it's better to ask for forgiveness and permission. So I guess it worked.
Speaker A: I think it worked out for them. That's the move, man. That's, that's absolutely crazy. The NfT now must just, that's, that's too bad for them. That's a, that's a hit to the old, uh, reputation. If, if that's the case, which is too bad. Slowly taking out our enemies one at a time. Pain circles. You want. You got something to add there?
Speaker F: Yeah. So I, I've never heard of NFT now before. Like this week when I started seeing NFT now is top hundred or whatever. Like, were they a big deal? Are they a big deal?
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. It's funny. It's funny you mentioned that Payne and I were talking today. So, like, degen, we do like, a bunch of different stuff. Obviously. We have shows, we have the discord and we have our website that we put out, we churn out. Between Tayne and I, we put out a lot of our contributors content on the website. So NFT now is definitely one of our competitors on the website side, where they're putting out daily web three contents at a pretty good clip. They're, I would say, one of the more respected ones until maybe now we'll see. And yeah, we compete with them. I would say on the website side, they do have a podcast as well, I believe, but I think it's just the one podcast, like an IFT now podcast, but we compete with other groups like Nifty Alpha and rug radio on the content side. So, like, our shows and stuff like that. So we have kind of two sets of competitors when we go out there. So nft now, I would say more. So on the content side, a lot of news stuff. They do a pretty good job. There's some good stuff on there, but, yeah, this is, this is a tough one for them. That's tough, tough list.
Speaker F: You guys have a discord and other shows.
Speaker A: So, like, if you're in our discord, there's, there's channels for the specific shows, but I would say the bulk of it happens. The bulk of the discussions happen in the war room where kind of everybody hangs out. But, yeah, if you're not in the discord, you should get in there. Uh, JP, man, what do you got? And first of all, one sec, one sec. I don't want to hear any Laker nonsense. Okay? Any anti propaganda. Um, okay, so, okay, my fingers on the mute button.
Speaker G: My voice is, like, almost gone, and I've got spaces to do later, so I apologize, but, uh, no promoting your show.
Speaker A: No promoting your show either.
Speaker G: It's outer, and it's Mina and Steve that are speaking.
Speaker A: Oh, Mina's there. Oh, that's good. Mina's. Mina's solid. I would definitely like to hear him.
Speaker G: Speak, and hopefully I didn't jeopardize my dj top 100 spot with the.
Speaker A: No, you're like top your top ten for sure. Come on, who are we kidding? How much fun would it be to put on a top 100 list, though?
Speaker G: I don't think we have enough people.
Speaker A: No, I mean, not just for us. Like just make one. Like just maybe a scammier one would be, would be interesting.
Speaker G: For sure.
Speaker A: Like just show them how to put scammers on a top 100 list. That would be, that would be fun.
Speaker B: We could perfect top 50 scammers. Booking it.
Speaker G: I don't want to be on that one. You put me on a different one, that's fine.
Speaker A: No, JP, you're not a scammer. JP, who do you have coming out of the west? So for real NBA?
Speaker G: I think it's Denver this year.
Speaker A: Denver is a fake basketball team. Come on. Do you really think Denver is going to beat the likes of Phoenix or even Golden State? I mean, obviously the Lakers are going to destroy them. If I've got, if they need them.
Speaker G: I've got some pretty, some pretty heavy Kevin Durant takes. I think he's a fake basketball player.
Speaker A: So you think he's a fake basketball player?
Speaker G: Well, you said the Denver's fake. I think.
Speaker A: No, Denver is a fake basketball team. And then who do you have, how do you have coming out of the east?
Speaker G: I don't know. I like Milwaukee's probably up there.
Speaker A: Can't go wrong.
Speaker G: I can't have really followed the east that much. I don't live over there, so I don't pay much attention.
Speaker A: So terrible conference. I agree. I would, I would go with Milwaukee as well. I have a Milwaukee Laker. I think the Lakers can win because I think if the Lakers beat Memphis, then they play the winner of Sacramento and whoever Sacramento is playing because I know, I think the Clippers and Phoenix are playing each other in the first round. I forget who's playing Sacramento anyways, but I think Sacramento is coming out of the first round. So you beat Memphis, you beat Sacramento, then you just got to beat like the suns or the, or maybe the Nuggets. I don't know.
Speaker G: I mean, I mean, LeBron can't beat Stephen, so.
Speaker A: Are you, are you kidding me right now? I'm not a LeBron apologist. Listen, but he's on my team, so I have to imagine, you know, he's didn't, he didn't. Yeah, he had the comeback against Steph.
Speaker G: He beat him once.
Speaker A: Yeah, the comeback where Steph fumbled the bag, so. Okay. All right, so you're thinking Milwaukee, Denvere. I think Denver. I could see Denver losing in the first round. Just so you know. Payne, do you have any comments on this?
Speaker G: Let's say, for the record, if it's Milwaukee, Denver, that's going to be the least watched finals in the history.
Speaker A: Could you imagine how boring that would be?
Speaker G: Yeah, shoot me now.
Speaker A: I would hope. Ideally, I hope for a Laker Celtic final, which I think is a possibility. That would be. I'd be watchable, but. Okay, Payne, what do you have?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's best that I don't comment on this, but I will. I will give you kings. Kings are playing the warriors the. The first round. So that'll be interesting matchup.
Speaker A: That does. Yeah, that changes things. Okay. I forgot it was the warriors. So maybe the warriors beat the kings in the first round, and then they play the Lakers in round two. I think. Yeah, I think that's what happens. Hmm.
Speaker B: Yes, that. That would be it, if the. If the Lakers were to beat.
Speaker A: When they beat Memphis. But five. Five games.
Speaker B: On a. On a unrelated note, um, some news that I heard earlier on rig show. I'm not sure who said it, but, um, knights of Degen, they're coming out with something called a degenesis pass. A direct. Yeah. Yeah, it's. It's obviously a direct, um, copy of Djen network. And I heard that DJ network, as a conglomerate, will be suing the Knights of Djen. That's confirmed. Or not.
Speaker A: I thought we were friendly with those guys. I don't know. Maybe they're. Maybe they're doing a corporate takeover. I don't know. More to come. Are they really coming over to Genesis?
Speaker B: It's an open edition.
Speaker A: No way. Still, they just took our name. That's. That's our name. Oh, what's that? We got people. I'm just. I'm just looking here. V squared just dropped a beeple tweet in my chat here. Yeah, pin that one. V squared. I want to see what's happening here. Is beeple and drag in this video.
Speaker E: I don't know, man, but that is creepy.
Speaker A: What's happening here? A little bit creepy circles. What do you have?
Speaker F: Yeah, as a degenesis holder, I am all for going to war against these fake era degenesis pass holders, right? Yeah. Let's take them down.
Speaker A: And I don't know what came. I have to go back and look, I don't know if DJ network started before Knights of Djenan, so they might have.
Speaker C: No, 100% it did.
Speaker A: The Knights of Djen started before.
Speaker C: No, you did.
Speaker A: Okay, so, there we go. I feel. But I do feel we have a amicable we have an amicable relationship with, with the Knights of Djen, so I don't know, maybe there's some synergies there.
Speaker B: Well, not anymore, apparently. Also.
Speaker A: Apparently not.
Speaker B: Second piece of news, we were just talking about fundraising and, you know, Fyre festival 2.0 is happening, everyone, and it's actually going to happen on Bunchu island. So if you're looking for tickets, there will be cheese and bread sandwiches served, and you will stay in huts, so.
Speaker A: And it's only going to be late. Doobie brothers that. That are going to be there, so it's. Should be good show. All right, what else we got? Just trying to look up the news stories here. Oh, des, I had a question, a New York, New York related question for you. Since you're not going, it's definitely not funny. Is there a place. We were talking about the foods of New York on the last show. Is there a place you're going to be upset that you're not going to be eating at this week.
Speaker C: You're literally touching all my soft spines.
Speaker A: I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I got to know. I got to know what we're, what we're missing out on. Is it the hot dog place?
Speaker C: The hot dog place?
Speaker A: What's the one I forgot the one I mentioned the other day? The gray's papaya, I think.
Speaker C: Shit, I remember that. But no, I mean, I would probably, if I was there, I would definitely be hitting up johns on Bleecker and Prince Pizza. Probably Prince Street Pizza.
Speaker A: I think somebody else mentioned princely pizza.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: On the last show.
Speaker C: I do like their, their spicy pepperoni. It's good.
Speaker A: Interesting. What's the, what's the steak? Is it Uyghurs or.
Speaker C: Peter. Peter Lugers.
Speaker A: Peter Lugers. Have you been there before? Apparently. That's. No, actually to go to, if you're into that kind of thing. But the spicy pepperoni pizza, that's.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker A: Good.
Speaker C: It's good. It's not bad.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker C: That's kind of a touristy take, I'll give you that. But it's just, it's, to me, it's. It's delicious. So. But, yeah.
Speaker A: What I don't see in New York, which I thought you would see more of, are, like, breakfast places, like diners and stuff, you know, I mean, and I feel like they're not around. Oh.
Speaker C: I mean, but, like, New York has some of the best, like, morning bagel shops and, like, you know, the thing.
Speaker A: No, but I'm talking, like, bacon and eggs. You know what I mean? Like a, like, a diner. I might be wrong. Maybe. Maybe that's more rural America that, you know, has those types of places, but.
Speaker C: For whatever reason, you need to go down the south, get you some waffle house, and. And then that'll be good.
Speaker A: See, I only hear terrible things about Waffle house. I heard the food is mid and the atmosphere is rowdy. Is that. Have you been to one before?
Speaker C: What else do you want from a diner, my friend? Those are, like, the absolute best qualities in a diner. Little sketchy and mid food.
Speaker A: That doesn't seem. Well, now you put it that way. That does make sense.
Speaker B: So do they have a huddle house in Canada?
Speaker A: A what house?
Speaker B: Huddle house. It's kind of like the enemy, the anti waffle house.
Speaker A: We don't have a waffle house. We don't have either. Yeah, we don't. Yeah, we don't have waffles. We had our ihops all closed down. Cause I feel like we had one closed down. Are they all done now? Cause I feel we had IHOP.
Speaker C: They changed their name to, like, ihob or something. International House of breakfast or something.
Speaker A: Shit. Oh, really?
Speaker C: I really. Either that was like an onion take or that literally happened.
Speaker A: Now I feel like that happened. Yeah.
Speaker B: No, I think it was a troll. I think it was a troll.
Speaker A: Oh, really?
Speaker C: I really wish that did happen. But, yeah, no, I. I've been to many waffles. It was great. A great time.
Speaker A: What do I get if I go there? Oh, I find myself.
Speaker C: Well, they did a cool thing. They do a cool thing. So you can get the waffles and they're good and get them with chocolate chips. But the thing that they do there is they do a hash browns, and you can get them about a million different ways. It's kind of like an NFT combination where they have all the different traits and they call them different shits. And then you order them and put them all together, and it creates an amazing experience, man.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker C: So I get. I get the smothered, covered and chunked.
Speaker A: What does that mean? I'm assuming? Gravy. That white gravy.
Speaker C: Hey, man, this is a family show. We can't. I don't know about that, brother.
Speaker A: Is it. You guys don't have white gravy?
Speaker C: It's like. It's like 01:00 in the afternoon.
Speaker A: Noon.
Speaker C: You can't be talking about that white gravy. It's got. It's got.
Speaker A: Isn't it sausage gravy? Like, am I going mad here?
Speaker C: It's got onions, grilled onions, it's got cheese and it's got some chili.
Speaker A: It's got chili. Interesting. Now, I see a lot of chili down in the south. It's basically just meat sauce. Is that the kind of chili we're talking about? Which is basically good old meat sauce? Yeah, that's all it is. No. JP, what do you got, man? I need a JP take right now.
Speaker G: Well, I was just going to say, as someone who gets roasted for his food takes fairly regularly, I don't know if this is going to apply.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker G: But I think despite not. I've never been to New York, but I'm fairly well traveled outside of that. And I think you can get good, like really good food anywhere. And I think New Yorkers might not know what good food is.
Speaker A: Ooh, you know what? I like your take because I've been, you know, I've been around, especially down in the states, been to different places out west a little bit in the north, like the, I guess the midwest. I find Midwest has probably got some of the best food. You get up in that, you know, Minnesota, Wisconsin, you know, area.
Speaker G: Nashville. Like Tennessee.
Speaker A: Yeah, Nashville. Some of the best restaurants over. That's.
Speaker B: That's the south.
Speaker A: The south is Nashville. The south, though? I feel like it's like the middle. Like it's. For sure.
Speaker B: Kentucky was the south.
Speaker A: Was it? Okay, well, it's definitely southern, but I wasn't sure if it was like the real south yet.
Speaker B: Well, there's south and deep south.
Speaker A: Oh, okay. Maybe I'm thinking deep south. What's deep south like? That's like Louisiana, Alabama. Right? Okay. Yeah, that's what I'm thinking. Like Georgia.
Speaker C: Parts in Georgia.
Speaker A: Parts of parts of Georgia. Okay. South Carolina, Texas.
Speaker G: Got some good food.
Speaker A: I feel Texas is its own thing. You got Texas?
Speaker E: Damn right on.
Speaker A: That's his only, but yeah, I think, JP, I think that's a solid take because all I see is toppingless pizza in New York and shitty hot dogs. Am I wrong?
Speaker G: No, that's all.
Speaker A: Is that what it is?
Speaker E: Bagels. Some bagels.
Speaker A: Bunch was trying to convince me on cheese pizza and I have not been able to stop talking about it. Like, how does it. Bare minimum needs. I mean, unless you're like a vegetarian. Bare minimum. I need pepperoni on this thing. I can't be walking around with like a, like a child. Like my daughter. That's what my daughter has. She has trouble charging her iPad and she eats cheese pizza bunch who might just be a five year old. He doesn't drink anymore. He might be regressing but I think, JP, I think that's a solid take. And all those schmucks in New York right now, and I would argue a Montreal bagel is better than a New York bagel, if you know. Yeah, I think that's a solid take. And I will defend you to the death, JP, because I'm sure you would get a ton of flack on that from New Yorkers. And they're just all mad because their town smells like pee pee and they have shitty food. And for those of you guys who want great, more great JP food takes, tune into the NFT night shift spaces this evening at 830 Eastern, 530 Pacific. Am I doing the math right on that one? Yeah. Is that right? Right here on follow JP? You can do that. That's simple. You could also follow the NFT night shift on Twitter and I'm sure somebody from Djen will be on there. So you can also. Do you guys get the DJ host on there all the time, JP, or is that. Oh, we like.
Speaker G: It's pretty hit, man.
Speaker A: My bad. Bunch. Bunch runs it. I. You know, I used to take care of it a lot during the day, then bunch kind of took over. But bunch goes to bed at like 730, so. He is a child. He is a child. Yeah, I think we're just, you know, this is. The case is being made. We. Somebody from the Degen handle should be on there this evening. But yeah, check them out. Shane, you know, the, you know, Nft whisperer will be there. I don't know what he's talking about these days. Is he talking about anything good these days? I remember when he was talking about captains for weeks and weeks leading up, you know, prior to the. Prior to the mint. Is he talking about anything with any vigor these days, JP?
Speaker G: You know, he's moved himself over to this room that he calls the Zen room. And I think it's hurt his mojo a little bit. He's missing stuff. He's not. He's not talking a lot of fun anymore.
Speaker A: He was fun, my saison. Yeah, I think you're right. He was fighting my cezannes early, early at like 0.08. So he definitely. I feel the Zen room is definitely messing with him, so. But yeah, check out JP and Shane and TJ and mizzle and phonics, these guys. You know, if you want to know, if you want to learn about NFTs, you're obviously not gonna get that here. But if you want to learn about what's coming, you know, what, what the new hotness might be, they have it usually much faster than everybody else, so have a listen up for that. But yeah, I think, you know, we'll wrap it up here or we'll get to wrapping it up. Payne, that's why you hand up. We got.
Speaker B: Yeah, I was gonna say we do talk NFTs Friday. We'll be talking nfts with.
Speaker A: Thank you. What a fucking pro this guy is. Yes, on Friday, tune in bunch will be back, will have a proper host that knows what they're talking about. I didn't even smoke my vape once all episode. I don't know if it helped or not. I don't think it helped. But yes, we will have party icons. I would say that a good chunk of the show, I don't know if it's gonna be the whole show, but I say a good chunk of the show. We will be talking NFts and the future of NFt gaming. I'm gonna be honest, I haven't read much of what I'm supposed to be reading up on, so I know they're called party icons. I believe it's NFT gaming, but that's all I know right now. We're going to learn together on Friday.
Speaker B: Well, we're also going to release a great article on Thursday morning that you could that.
Speaker A: I haven't read it yet either. I have a reading problem, guys. I'm going to be honest, just reading the notes was like, like eight and a half difficulty for me, especially with all of you guys listening. So yes, tune in on Friday. We're going to learn about some nfts. I think we're giving away whitelist spots on that one as well. Again, the real host knows what's happening, but I'm pretty sure that is the case. And before I forget, make sure you're liking and subscribing to our newsletter. Do we pin the newsletter up there, by the way?
Speaker B: We not know. Oh, we did, do we?
Speaker E: Is it not maybe.
Speaker A: Yes, it is. It is the Djen newsletter. It's pinned to the top. Hop in there. It's good. We're giving away like, exclusive whitelist spots on for specific projects. There's a recap of, you know, all of the articles that we put out during the week, the shows that we do. That's for the Tuesday newsletter. We do one on Friday as well, that one of our writers takes a deep dive in a kind of the biggest news of the week. So pain, what was last week? I forget what we did last week. It was a good one as far.
Speaker B: As the raffle no.
Speaker A: What did we do on the Friday. What was our Friday newsletter? Do we remember? It was. I know we did one on ute's, but I think that was two weeks ago. I think maybe it was ute's last week.
Speaker E: Was it knocker migos?
Speaker A: It was Nakamigo's. That's what it was.
Speaker B: That's what it was. That's why you hear.
Speaker A: So, yeah, they're. They're very good. They're informative, and you can win prizes, so take a peek at that. We talked about the other show. I'm just looking at all my. On my to do list here. So we talked about the other shows. You know, I have to mention that TMC spaces are every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 04:00 Eastern. If you're listening on a podcast right now, if you're not listening live and you're listening on Apple Podcast or Spotify, give us a five star review. I don't know, review it, rate it high. Make sure. Just. Just do your part. It's fucking free. Okay, guys, I'm not asking for much. Just go out and it takes 30 seconds. Rate five stars, review. Say something nice. That's it. Job.
Speaker B: If you. I am the official Degen handle right now, so if you leave a nice, funny review with five stars, we'll make sure to read it out on the show. So go ahead and get those five star.
Speaker A: You can. Yes, you can say whatever you want. If you give us a five star rating, you can say whatever you want, and we'll read it for as long as it's not like, you know, a criminal act, I guess, where we will get, you know, litigated. So, besides that, I mean, just say whatever you want, and we'll. We'll absolutely read it. So. Yeah, I think we're done. Des, how do you feel?
Speaker C: I got the little one in my hand, so I'm gonna pass it over you to close.
Speaker A: Okay. Does. I'm sorry for laughing about the New York thing. Take care of your family. This is why I'm anti children. It's just eating up your life and you can't enjoy yourself. Kids are the worst. Just going on hard anti child tirade here. But until next time. Oh, pain. Yes. Sorry.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, sorry. Just add one more thing. No, no, no. You didn't forget anything. It was strictly sports. Since we have the. The famous artist JP Kaz up here, he was just asking for his utility on the I iiconics, so I didn't know if JP wanted to. Wanted to comment on that.
Speaker G: That's art is iconic.
Speaker A: The JP art that I bought, is that what that is?
Speaker G: Perhaps. I mean, that's a. It's art. It's art related. You get the art. You can hang that on your wall.
Speaker A: You can. That is beautiful art.
Speaker G: Sorry, Ace.
Speaker A: Is there anything, is there any conferences that are going to be. That I'm going to require one of these NFTs that, that, you know, maybe.
Speaker G: We could do on here in Utah?
Speaker A: Yes. So check out JP's art. It's very good. Well worth the purchase. There's so many things that I can't even name you. All of the benefits that come with getting JP's art. So I'll leave it at that. Thank you for listening. Thank you everybody who helped me today. Des, thank you especially. I'm sorry, you could only help because you were staying at home. JP, thanks for your insight on New York City food, Payne V squared. Thank you for your support. And until next time, statement.
