Speaker A: High definition one thousand eighty p. I.
Speaker B: Got all new stuff, and I didn't set it up yet.
Speaker A: Well, you did have Covid. I gotta set this thing up here. All right, I think we're live. 2022. Start the show.
Speaker C: This episode is brought to you by the DGEN community network media for the decentralized generation. If you want to connect or to check out more great NFT and crypto content, go to dgen.net work. That's DGEn network.
Speaker B: Hello, and welcome to the mint condition first episode of 2022. I am Joe, aka Bunch. You bets alongside my esteemed colleagues and co host, Chamber and Des. How are you guys doing? Chamber, what's up, man? How are you? I've missed you.
Speaker A: I've missed you, too. I miss all you guys. Time away just makes me realize how much I hate my own family. Um, and, uh, especially the holidays. Oh, my goodness. Could those not end any quicker? Uh, thank goodness for Omicron, is all I have to say.
Speaker B: Uh, speaking of, uh, speaking of, I had my. I had my battle with the cron this past, uh, week or so, so, um, I was fallen victim, and we had a. We. We've been, like, super sick in my house for, like, 20 days, and, um, we're finally getting over it. I got a negative COVID test today, and, uh, so that's. That's good, but we're. We're on the way out. Uh, you. You think you have it or don't have it? What do you. What do you got? Me?
Speaker A: I don't know. I. I was. I saved before the show. I didn't even want to test myself. There was a few days where I felt just a little over tired. I was taking naps in the middle of the day, which I don't normally do. Just. Just dragging. Just dragging ass.
Speaker C: That seems like something you could do, right?
Speaker A: Very off book for me. Like, I'm a. You know, I sleep when I sleep, but I'm awake when I'm awake, you know? So it was very strange that I have to take naps.
Speaker B: You don't. You're not a nap guy.
Speaker A: No way, man. No way.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, the day is for living. I'm a big nap guy. Des, how was your holiday season?
Speaker C: It was good. Busy, but good. I love the holiday season as much as chambers of grumpus and absolutely hates it. I on the polar opposite side. I look forward so much to the holidays, so. No, it was good. It was busy. We did our first travel with the young one, so that was interesting amongst Covid. So luckily we got out unscathed. But yeah, it was a, it was a great holiday season short and it felt short, but yeah, talk about polar opposite. I know. It's, what makes us great is we get all the angles.
Speaker B: Do you? Yeah. So I was just saying, what did you get for any good, any good holiday gifts that you got?
Speaker C: So I got some great stuff, but the best thing I did is I gave something and it was pretty cool. I wish I had the video to share, but for our like, secret Santa, which is only supposed to be like a $50 gift, I decided.
Speaker B: You're the Michael Scott. Hell yeah, I am.
Speaker C: The video ipod of this one. But to be fair, it's like not easily recognizable, that it's hundreds of dollars. But it was an NFT and the way I presented it was I took this old video screen that I had from like advertisement and wired it in with a video. And then you flipped it and you opened it and it like randomly selected a goat. It was pretty sick.
Speaker B: Wow, really? That's super cool.
Speaker A: That is very cool.
Speaker C: I'm gonna have to figure out how to show the video on this podcast.
Speaker B: But, yeah, that's amazing. That is really, really cool. So, you know, just a note here we are currently. You can see my background. We had the Ben Mesric and ft launch yesterday. The public sale, we sold that out. It was awesome. And yeah, thank you, Des, for all your help that you did with me on that. We're actually revealing the art right now. It is, it is being pushed live right now. The discord's going crazy. The art looks really cool, man. It's pretty good. So we've got, we've got the art going now. You can check it out at, uh, in the discord for, for the Ben Mesric project. But thank you, everybody who supported us. We've got a really cool project going on there, but we're, we're just going to, you know, kind of recap what's been going on. We've got the fancy bears metaverse, uh, joining us at 430 for a little bit to talk about their project. Uh, but chamber, I mean, how are you feeling today on the market? We've got like, I mean, it, stuff is popping today. This whole week. It's been this whole week.
Speaker A: You're right. You know, through the holidays, it was kind of hit and miss. But then, you know, we started this week specifically once everybody got back to work or, you know, whatever, you know, not drinking all day and eating all day. It really. Yeah. Like, I mean, you could make some good trades. I mean, freaking mutant apes were flying. I'm sure you have a good story about that later.
Speaker B: Yeah. Did I tell you that? Did I tell you what I did with that?
Speaker C: Oh, for sure. You told it to me like six times. And every time you told it to me, you're like, hey, have I told you this story, by the way?
Speaker B: Awesome.
Speaker A: That's awesome. Yeah. So what exactly happened for the listeners with your. With your mutant?
Speaker B: Well, so, you know, one of the really cool things about this space is that there's all these cool tools that you can use. Everything is, you know, there's all these traditional finance tools that are coming into the space and really allowing the NFT market to mature and have liquidity and all this stuff. And the. One of these tools is nifty fi. Have you heard of Nifty fi? Do you know what it is? So, nifty fi is, for those who don't know, is basically a platform in which you could take out a loan against your NFT or certain nfts, right? You put it up there and somebody will make you an offer on a loan and a time frame and an interest rate and all that. So I had done that with one of my mutants for the Clonex drop. I wanted to lever some more eth for Clonex, which turned out to be a fantastic play. So I went to, you know, I loaned against my ape. And what happens when you do that is the NFT gets put into a smart contract and an escrow contract, and it gets held there and taken out of your account until you pay back that loan, and then it gets back released into your account. What I did not know at the time when I did it, and this was my mistake, is that I had an active listing on opensea on my mutant for the. For a price of 17 eth or something. And that did not cancel when the listing goes into your right, when it goes into the escrow account. So as soon as it came out of the escrow account, my listing was still live. And within 20 seconds, that listing got sniped because it was during the run up and it was during, well, the floor got to 17 ish and then. But it was during the run up. And my traits on that were, it was a merch m two. So, like, my traits were probably. I probably could have sold the thing for 30. So I left quite a bit of money on the table for that. But, you know, that that was a learned lesson. So if you're ever going to do that, make sure that you actually actively cancel your accounts. I saw a bunch of things going around on that, actually, during that time that just transferring is not going to cancel your listing, which we've talked about, but I didn't realize I had it on there. So that was a blunder.
Speaker A: And I'm assuming you probably couldn't cancel it once it's within the escrow.
Speaker B: No, because you don't have it anymore.
Speaker A: Right, exactly. So you'd have to do it. Absolutely. Before or as soon as you get it released, like cancel that thing and max out your gas.
Speaker C: The metahs just went through the same thing. So they had a huge staking contract and people were unstaking their metahs and then they were listed. There's no real way around it. The only way you can do it is make sure you, I mean, this is a good note to listeners. Make sure you cancel your listings before you stake anything anywhere.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker C: And the only other way to do it is to wait until that listing expires, which I think, like, the standard listing for Opensea is 60 days. So you're not going to do that, but, yeah. Crazy.
Speaker B: I guess I should have just waited to pay back the loan. It wasn't even due. I was trying to prepare myself to make a sell. I like, paid it early like a responsible adult and, you know. But the other thing I'm very happy about today here is the Steve comments. Is there anything dumb that you want to talk about? So the other big bet that I made, the other big bet I made recently was the Thingdoms project. I had bought a ton of them when they were, when they were first launching, and it's taken a couple weeks, but today they've popped all the way to like 0.4. And I went, I went on the tear with grabbing some rares early. And so that's been on a. How many do you have?
Speaker A: You have a few.
Speaker B: Because I bought, I'm a, I'm a top twelve thingdoms holder. I have 36 thingdoms, and that's only because I've given away like six.
Speaker A: Really?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: No, it's funny because I've heard you, you know, I don't want to say complain, but, you know, comment on the fact that they weren't popping as quickly as you thought they should. So I think on like Monday or Tuesday, like, ah, let's buy some of these.
Speaker B: They were like, oh yeah, you got in?
Speaker A: Yeah, I got like twelve of them.
Speaker B: Nice.
Speaker A: So like two days later, I think they doubled or tripled in price.
Speaker B: So that was it. We needed the chamber. We needed.
Speaker A: And honestly that's um, like that's what some, that's what I've been doing lately is because you know, your mutant apes, I mean the floor on regular apes is like a hundred million dollars now, I think. But even like the cats have been popping like everything, every blue, quote unquote blue chip has been, has been moving pretty, pretty solidly. And I'm sitting here, you know, I have some eth to buy some of those. Maybe not, you know, maybe not 80 to buy a floor ape, but not that I want to, but would you.
Speaker B: Ever buy, would you ever, you specifically, would you ever buy a floor, would you ever buy an ape at this price?
Speaker A: I mean it's all dependent on the total stack, right? Like if I have, you know, if I have say 150 east to play with currently right now. Um. No, I'm not spending 80 of that on an ape. I mean that seems if I had.
Speaker B: A thousand, even if you could get a loan out against it and then lose it in escrow.
Speaker A: Well if I could do that, that, that does sound like a good idea. I don't know, it depends on if my stack was like 500 plus eth I'd probably buy a floor ape. But underneath that I mean it seems, I don't know, it just seems like there's more opportunity. Like for example thingdoms like I spent, I don't know, it's a couple, couple of Eth on twelve, on twelve of them the other day. And you know you did a two or three x on that. And ape is not going to three x. I mean it could from 80, but it's gonna take a while if it does. So I would much rather make, you know, three to five e bets on smaller projects. Got a bunch of them. And you know if, if one three x's, if one five x, if 110 x's, you know, I'd much rather play in that, in that field. That's me.
Speaker B: I was actually talking about this to our good friend premium carrots today. And it's an you don't even need the two three five x you need if you're playing with, you know, a couple eth on a bet at a time. You need like 20, 30%, you know.
Speaker A: Absolutely. Yeah.
Speaker B: For as many projects as we see every week. You don't need the ten xs if you have, if you're starting off with a small wallet, that's what you're looking for. But then it totally evolves into, okay, now I'm really scalp trading a lot of these times or things. But I just want to go back really quickly. Steve, you can cancel an escrow. And he dropped a link to a tropical farmer video. So we'll put that in the notes here. It's in the. Yeah.
Speaker C: That is cool. I was just checking it out. That's pretty cool.
Speaker B: That's, I mean, it's super helpful. Thanks, Steve. Thank you, Steve. So let's, let's, let's throw up the market here. What, uh, how are you feeling, Des? I feel like we're totally like night and day from last week, right? We've got just seven day. Volume is huge. Everybody was in tax harvest season last week. What are you thinking about the current state of affairs?
Speaker C: It's interesting. Obviously, we've had a huge, huge run up pretty much across the board. I mean, from your blue chips all the way down to your budget friendly Nft, we've seen quite a boom in the past week or so. It is interesting, though. I just, you know, I'm a little cautious of a little bit of a correction here, especially dependent on the way ETH behaves. Right. Because that we've seen time and time again that eth behavior kind of dictates paper hands and things like that.
Speaker B: So we're at $3,600, Ethan, today.
Speaker A: Well, you got that rate even from the beginning of the day to right now where everything was popping. ETH was doing its thing, but ETH just took a tank this afternoon by a few percent. And, you know, you can see it in the, you can see it in the floors of the NFT projects already.
Speaker C: Yeah. So it's, it's interesting, you know, I think be cautious at this point. Going fully into stuff is, would probably be my sentiment.
Speaker A: The other thing, too, which may have had, I guarantee, had an effect on the market, was that's not, forget a couple. Was it even two weeks ago, the drop of the so's token that. Yeah, totally, you know, injected millions of dollars into NFT wallets. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: So how'd you do on your so's? I found out that I'm a, I had a lot of fun with that because it tells you, you know, your stats compared to everybody else. And I found out that I'm a 99.7 percentile NFT trader, which says a lot about my personality as I was in there.
Speaker A: I think it was like 99.3 or 99.4. I was in the mix. Des was probably 99.9.
Speaker C: I let go of that one a little too soon. I'm a little salty about it.
Speaker B: But you still did. You still did pretty good, right?
Speaker C: I still did good. I still did good. Yeah. I came out with, like, 6 billion, which was awesome.
Speaker B: That's good. So that's like. Yeah, that's like, I had three ish. Close to three. So you had about.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think. I think I just. Over two for me.
Speaker C: Yeah. So I was pretty pumped about that. Probably sold a little bit too early, because obviously, I probably. Yeah, I probably should have wait. But it's so hard to time those things because, you know, it's a little bit of a pump and an absolute crash.
Speaker A: I mean, I don't know what it is now. Is anybody still holding it?
Speaker C: Yeah, people are still holding it. It's, um, I think.
Speaker A: Is it absolutely garbage right now?
Speaker B: I have to know. I don't think so. I know. It's okay.
Speaker C: It's probably a third of the all.
Speaker B: Time high if I'm okay, which is pretty good, considering, you know, it's. But the project actually has a, you know, a decent roadmap or, you know, mission, so it's definitely not just, like, this thing to dump, so. But I'm kicking.
Speaker C: I look at this board, and I'm kicking myself for one project and one project only.
Speaker B: Let's see. Can we. It's got to be. It's got to be doodles.
Speaker C: It's doodles. I love doodles. Get. Go. I said on the show.
Speaker A: Yeah, you were a big doodle guy. That's right.
Speaker C: You're exposed to this massive run up. So that's my one disappointment on here.
Speaker B: I have zero doodles.
Speaker C: Still doing great.
Speaker D: Clone X.
Speaker C: Still doing great. And they have a great q one ahead of them, so I'm pretty pumped about that.
Speaker A: You guys get those tops? Those.
Speaker B: How about friends?
Speaker C: You know what? I don't have any exposure, but that one's one that, you know, you could have seen coming a little bit, but, yeah.
Speaker B: So the. Another interesting thing from over the. From over the break here was I actually got my wife set up with a metamask wallet.
Speaker C: Oh, dangerous.
Speaker B: I had gifted her a thingdom with. With gmi traits, and the. That has popped to about worth one eth. And then I gifted her. I gifted her the. I gifted her .5 eth. I said, you go, you pick something out, you do it, and get something special. Buy you whatever you want. She picked an alien friend, and that has almost quadrupled in price.
Speaker A: She's a better trader than all of us combined.
Speaker B: Her collection right now is sitting fantastic. Like, she's sitting on, like, two, three e worth of nfts out of nowhere, and she's. Now she gets why I do this, you know, 20 hours a day.
Speaker A: It's so funny you say that. A couple years ago, we were talking. We were just in crypto at the time. No nft stuff or not much nft stuff, at least. And we had some money in crypto, and the worry was, what if something happens to me? Could my wife get that money I put on her phone? I don't even know what wallet she has, but she has a wallet on her phone. And I sent her at the time five Ethereum. Okay? It was like, it was like $1,000. Like, it was nothing.
Speaker B: Yeah, right? Like, this is when Ethereum was.
Speaker A: Yeah, it was not. It was like five e. And do you think she taught, like, after I sent her that eth? I don't think she ever. I don't think she ever, like, looked at it ever again. And she was on her phone. This was, like a month ago. And she's like, how much is this? Right? Like, she comes to come downstairs, she's like, is. Is this right? And she had whatever she had, like, in canadian dollars, because that's how she sees it, right? Like, when I talk, it's always american. So, like, take top off with another 20% for, you know, for canadian dollars. She's like, this is like my divorce lawyer. Like, money all day. Like, that's how she calls it. She just holds it. She's like, well, there it is. Because, like, everything we have is combined, and. But she's like, oh, I have my $22,000 money now. $1,000. Yeah. So watch your wife.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, doing this with her. Doing this with her for the last couple days or whatever, and, you know, I'm like, okay, well, now you got to think about, do you want to sell it? What do you feel? Like, do you want to. And because I, like, caught her, like, browsing opensea for. For other projects, and so, like, she's kind of in getting into it, and I'm like, well, what do you want to do? Do you want to sell it? She's like, well, no, I love it. She's like, I love my alien friend. Like, now you get it. Like, there's this weird attachment that people get to, you know, their. Their jpegs, and she's so. She's feeling it now.
Speaker A: I felt the feeling the other day. I finally had it. There was one I actually deal. I have everything is listed except for Nft red zone, but everything in my wallets listed, and I delisted a gutter dog the other day because it was like, this is the coolest thing I.
Speaker B: Saw that.
Speaker A: I would be upset if this one saw.
Speaker C: Wow.
Speaker A: I think I had it on for like five eth and I'm like, no, I think I like it more than five ethereum.
Speaker B: Wow. So, yeah, that's really big for you.
Speaker A: I mean, I know I was, I was shocked with myself. I was. This is the dopest one I have. So that's the only one that I don't have.
Speaker C: Listen, Bunshu, did you guys give away.
Speaker A: A board ape yet?
Speaker B: We did last night. We. For NFT red zone. Yeah, it was burying the league. Yes. So for NFT red zone, who you guys have heard me talk about before, that was our, you know, fantasy football project that we ran this season. We finally culminated it last night with the giving away of the grand prize board ape. So we gave away a OG board ape worth 70 eth to somebody last night. I mean, imagine getting, imagine just like playing fantasy football in which really you didn't really have to do much. And at the end of the season you have a house, right? Like, like a nice house. Yeah. Like a real house. So, uh, that was really fun. It was a very weird feeling to like give away something like that. It was fun. We also gave away Super bowl tickets, which was cool. And the Super bowl guy, he called, he called his shot. He kept saying, he's like, I'm winning these tickets. I'm winning these tickets. And he's from Australia, which was cool. So he's gonna do the whole thing. And, and so that's pretty, um, that's wild.
Speaker C: The irony there is with one board ape, you could buy a lifetime supply of multiple Super bowl tickets. It's just so crazy when you put it in that perspective.
Speaker B: It's just, yeah, it's crazy. But that was fun. So we, you know, it's been a big week over here in the, the bunch you household, uh, you know, with, with everything going on. But. So what is our, what is our market recommendation here for people? Because I think we're seeing, I woke up this morning feeling like euphoric a little bit and I was like, that's what this feels like right now.
Speaker D: Nice top signal.
Speaker B: Well, that's what I mean. It scares me. Right. So, like, what do you think, des? Where are we in the, I'm in the chill mode.
Speaker C: Yeah, I look kind of, it's so funny because today I was starting to question, like, okay, is the run up gonna end? And I started looking at like where my balances are between eth, nfts and fiat and. Yeah, I mean, I'm in a chill mode. I feel like I have a good position in some blue chips and stuff. I want to see deliver in Q one, like. Like clone X and things like that. Like I said, I wish I had exposure to doodles. However, I do think maybe the run up on mutants and bored apes are stalling just a slight bit. What? I mean, but they're only one, you know, catalyst away from going ridiculous again. Still waiting on their mobile game, I think. You know, I'm always trying to give, like, the next project or whatever to look out for, and since clone X launched, I haven't really had it. I think the two things to watch out for are probably invisible friends, or. I don't even know what they're called.
Speaker B: I think they're called, yeah, that's gonna be invisible.
Speaker C: Yeah. Invisible friends and then hate beast if they truly launch in Q one.
Speaker B: Like, hate.
Speaker A: Hate beast.
Speaker C: Hate beast.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: But it's apes high fidelity board ape looking like things with pretty insane merch on it. So those are the two ones I'm, like, keeping a close eye out on. But for me, I might start to go into, like, chill mode. I did some buying the past few days, and I think I'm pretty much done.
Speaker B: So we got. We've been talking about doodles. Doodles flipped cool cats today. Very interesting. Yeah. And I think I was saying on Twitter again, I have no freaking doodles. The time we talked about. The time we talked about doodles, that was the time that Des and I both said that we wanted the blue check mark faces, and he got his, and I did not. So I've been doodle this ever since.
Speaker A: But I picked up a couple of doodles, then I didn't get any check marks.
Speaker C: I think the Floron check marks are, like, 17 eth now.
Speaker B: Wow. Really? Son of a bitch. I should have done that. All right, well, that's kind of where we feel about the market here. And we've got our guests that has just joined us, so we're going to bring in our guest here. So we have bartech. Bartek. How are you, man? Thank you very much for joining us. We've got Bartech here from the fancy bears metaverse that is launching. You guys are in your presale right now, right?
Speaker D: Yeah, pre sale is ending right now. I think there's, like, few bears left. So, yeah, we sold out all the. Do you like my t shirt? Have you seen it before?
Speaker B: Let's see it?
Speaker A: I love it.
Speaker B: Heck yeah.
Speaker D: That's awesome because my, my co founder, he got, like, really big ecommerce. So for all the holders, we're gonna print the hoodie like this with the bear and also the t shirt. And it's for free. So. Yeah, love, that's, like, additional perk. But. But, man, guys, it's. To be honest, it's crazy. Like, when I say it's, I need to use the camera. I was. Oh, my God. Like, I'm looking so bad because last two weeks, I'm not leaving the office. I'm sleeping here mostly, and they are sleeping like, two, 3 hours a day.
Speaker B: So I. I feel you. I just launched a project myself this week, so I know the feeling of, you know, the stress and panic and making sure everything is done last minute. And so you're, you're actually. It's late for you now, right? You're almost at midnight.
Speaker D: No, it's 10:30 p.m. like, I'm usually on till 05:00 a.m. every day. Then I sleep for 2 hours, and then I'm back on. Or 3 hours. Hey, guys, can I somehow share this stream because I want share it to our team? Maybe discord. Maybe someone will join.
Speaker B: Yeah, you can chamber. You want to drop the link?
Speaker A: I'll post it in a private chat.
Speaker D: That would be amazing.
Speaker B: Awesome. So while we're. Yeah, while we're doing that, why don't you tell us a little bit about what we've got going on with fancy bears metaverse? I, you know, I heard about this through, you know, yourself and Josh ong, who's one of the advisors on this team. I think the art is super cool. I like what you guys are doing here. So wanted to have you guys on to chat about, you know, the project and give people, you know, an idea of what they can expect is the public, the public sales tomorrow.
Speaker D: Yeah, the public sale will be tomorrow, like, it's supposed to be day after tomorrow. But we're going to move it faster because there's so many people buying on Opensea already. So we, you know, we don't need to, we don't want to make this gap in between, especially when the presale was sold out so fast and the public side, there will be, like, two times less supply than for the presale. So, yeah, that was our idea, that the public side will be, like, super fast, so people will just jump in into Opensea, and that was literally the plan. Okay, so it's here on Twitter. I would just share it with my team. Okay, cool. I love it. And I will also like retweet it. Just give me a second. Okay. I will share it with the team and write back to you. So yeah, what is the fancy birds metaverse?
Speaker B: Yes. So just walk us through, you know, the, your background, what year, you know, your expertise is and how this project came about. And let's see, start there.
Speaker D: Yeah. Okay, so I'll start maybe with the background and with how idea came from. So yeah, I'm, I'm the founder and the CEO of one of the biggest influencer marketing agency in central eastern Europe. It is called DDOB. And I started like five, six years ago. You know, I once was in national team in freestyles KING but then I tore my ligaments and I was qualified for Olympics. I couldn't make Olympics. So I did my first company and yeah, it's going pretty good. So that's mainly my background. So we are connecting influencer with brands like Samsung, Gloria, Nike, Reebok, McDonald. We work for all those, all those guys. And yeah, that's my background. And then I got my co founder who even is more successful in the businesses. Hey, you see I still got this board, aviation.
Speaker B: Yes. I wore that for probably three or four weeks afterwards. I can't believe I like carefully cut.
Speaker C: Mine off and preserved the.
Speaker D: I'm still holding in, man. Like, I didn't take it off. Like, you know, it's not like I take it back, but it's just. Sorry for interruption.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: So my co founder is like, he owned a big e commerce company. They got like 17 e commerces, over 300 people. And they're also, you know, doing like those printed hoodies. One company is called Mister Google, another is carpentry, which is like, carpentry is for, for athletes. Like a gym sportswear, which is, which is really cool. So he's sending like hundred thousand of this around the world. And yeah, we together did fanadas, which is our project where we are tokenizing celebrities and we're doing their free discounts with a 3d scanner and taking them to the metaverse. So there are two main reasons why we decide we're going to do fancy burst metaverse. The first one is we, you know, right now we onboarded a lot of people from, from us we have like over 300 border club members. But we really want to focus on Europe because Europe is us is so much ahead if we compare it to euro in NFT space. So in us you get like thousand NFT projects and here you get none so when you, for example, when you talk with celebrities in us, they all of course know what is NFT. They're shilling a lot of projects. They can shield like seven projects a month and that's totally crazy. And when you go to influencers here, like all you can see, all the influencers you can see on the website, we are not paying to anyone. They are just talk about joining our community and joining the NFT movement. And for them it is first time to work with NFT products. So that's the first thing, like we see a great opportunity in Europe and the second one is we are building our own metaverse. So we decided, okay, so we can maybe do a project which is a PFP, but it is also an access to this metaverse. And yeah, let's do something guys, let's scan all the holders and that's what we're gonna do. So we got this 3d scanner, it got 150 cameras. And if you go to my profile on Twitter, on pinned post, you can see how accurate is our scan. It looks like a video, but it is a 3d scan of me. I was looking much better then because it was before I started working on a preset. It was like three weeks ago. So you can see over there how I'm normally looking. Yeah, I never been in that bad shape to be honest. So yeah, you can check it out. So this scan is super accurate. And from my perspective, those are the most important thing as well. Maybe the third one is we are really connected with brands here and all the brands get a bit different marketing strategies from us and from Europe. So I'm talking with like marketing directors of all the companies here who are doing like marketing for Europe or central eastern Europe. And yeah, they are just learning NFT. For them it's something new. So we're already talking with many companies like Mastercard, like Nike, like Reebok over here to cooperate. So I believe after the launch we're gonna be able to bring a lot of deals for our community, some discounts, maybe some special collection, access, etcetera, etcetera. So this is what I think is the most important. But then you also get some other utilities, which I think one which is fun is this 30% of royalties coming back to community. And to be honest, if you read it on the website, we wanted to make it like a giveaway fund. But then after some spaces and talking with our advisors, even on spaces and with people, we decided it would be maybe better to use it as a Dao. And we are partnering with one project which is called Copernic space. So they are tokenizing things in the space. They're doing NFT for space. So we are really thinking it's going to be to decision for our community what to do with it. But we're really going to ask them if they don't want to do a first dao. So we will together invest in a space asset, which I think is super fancy. And when I'm talking to people on spaces about this, they're like super excited. So yeah, we'll see how they're gonna vote. But yeah, that's something we'll probably change, but that's how it is, right. You need to adjust. And we are looking for the best utilities for our holders. Yeah, of course we're gonna make some real life parties, but all the projects are doing this. It's nothing special to be honest. I'm really good in organizing parties but yeah, it's still nothing like super special. So I think those are the most utilities. There will be like some also cool drops for the, for the community, but it will be a surprise drop. So we are not announcing it. At least before that. The preset the first. Yeah. I cannot say more because I would kill the surprise.
Speaker B: That's funny. So we. Yeah, what I like about that is that, you know, there is some decent utility here. So what struck me about the project is your team and advisors here, there's a pretty good popular, well connected people attached to this project like Josh and Ben. Tell us kind of how you got involved with them and what they're able to bring to the project as well.
Speaker D: I think Ben was here because I saw a like from him. Yeah.
Speaker A: It says New York City model Ben Jammin. Is that.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yes. Hi. New York elite.
Speaker D: Yes. So it's more question to him. Like, you know, crypto bib is also like a really big guy, but he's super popular in a coin space.
Speaker A: You say crypto burp.
Speaker D: Yeah. Crypto burger.
Speaker A: Yeah, we, we know crypto burp for.
Speaker B: We've known him for years. I didn't even realize that was him. That's funny. Yes.
Speaker D: If you go down like, we got more honorary members like down on the website. Yeah. But so how we bring Josh and Ben, it's more question to them, I think, you know, we. I know Josh like pretty good. Like we had some meetings in New York and he also was working with us on funded eyes. So yeah, we said we want to have advisors from the community which are like respected in the community and know more about our, like the NFT space than we are, because, yeah, we are from Europe. We're just jumping into it. We are learning everything. So we need to, you know, you need to. It's always like, when you're trying to work with someone, I'm trying to look for someone who is, like, clever than me, so that was Josh and Ben. That's why we.
Speaker A: I do the same thing, too.
Speaker D: Yeah, that's why we do the same. Why they agree. Guys, I got no idea why they did it.
Speaker B: That's why. That's why we have Des, because he's the smart one on the podcast, right? Yeah, that's funny. So very cool. So we. You know what I think is real? I actually really love the bear art on this. Talk about. I do, too.
Speaker A: It's actually really good.
Speaker B: Yeah. Talk about where you found your artist and what the inspiration behind.
Speaker D: Oh, there's a secret. She. Because it's. It's. She's gonna be revealed on probably the first party we're gonna make in Europe. So I cannot tell you anything more about it because I think it's cool to have a female artist in this space. So. Yeah. So that's the only thing I can say for now.
Speaker A: That's awesome.
Speaker B: The art is the art. Super dope. I think it's really cool.
Speaker A: And the merch, too.
Speaker B: I mean, just put merch on anything.
Speaker A: Like, I'm in. I'm involved. I love merch.
Speaker B: You're. You're a big merch guy. Chamber.
Speaker A: Yeah, I just picked up some of the cryptoon goons. Merch. Waiting for that one. I love merch. I get merch from everywhere. If I could.
Speaker D: Yes. So, you know, guys, we're going to do a lot of merge utilities. We also trying to. We're going to also partner with someone who is doing a merge for. For Metaverse. For the. For our metaverse. So. So, yeah, because of Jacob, who is my co founder, and. And who got this big company with. With printing. So. So he's basically focusing on printing stuff on. On t shirt and hoodies. We can do everything. Like, you know, I. I get only this t shirt with an a. Yeah.
Speaker B: I'm surprised you didn't pick up more from New York City, but, uh, yeah. So then let people know before we wrap up here just where. Where people can find you two. What is the. What's the supply look like? So what are we talking about from a, you know, collection size and things like that? What is the price? And then, you know, when. When they can mint and things like that.
Speaker D: Okay, so the thing is, like we are nearly sold out with the presale it started a few hours ago but you know it's so. With the presale it's so high when you get people whitelisted it's so hard to decide how many wallets you should whitelist on the end because it's the raffle and it is like after. Because before we did a preset for board API club and we saw that there's like 30% of people who at least admitting. So that's what we decide here. Because we also didn't want this situation that everyone is rushing in 1st 15 minutes the gas is like crazy and then people won't make it because one, once they won the whitelist we really want them to be able to mint. So it was like hard calculation and I think we did it good because it's gonna be sold out in like five, 6 hours. So it is, it is good. And after this it's gonna be total like we're gonna have sold out over not over nearly 6000 bars. So they're gonna be like 1900 left which is gonna be for the public sale. So the plan is to make. We will also have some. Some big announcements before the public sale. So the plan was we want to make pre sale much bigger and the public sale will be just the last chance. But then we want to push secondary market. Right. So that was the plan. And then. And yeah, there are also tokens which are reserved for mostly brand and influencer which we're gonna be working with. And this is the pool of 1000 tokens which we will be minting during the time. Because I know for example if there's a brand they want to for example put the logo on their bear or something. So we got this minting function which allows you. Yeah, which allows you to meet a dedicated bear. Right. So that's also what we're doing with our ambassadors and you know. Yeah, there's still on the website. We didn't, we didn't change it but the public say will be tomorrow. We decided to change it so we don't have this long gap. Like to be honest we didn't expect that the presale will go like there will be like so many people interested in our project. We got over 120,000 on discord and because of it we thought we need like $40 to sell everything out. But after we had like over 22,000 people who go into whitelist raffle and we pick only 8000 wallets for this. Like once we did it we decided that there is no need to do this gap. So we go for the public sale tomorrow. I need to, I need to, you know, there's so many things we need to do and it's happening that we forget to update it on the website. So it's gonna be tomorrow.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm sure that's the last thing of your worries. Like you're too busy communicating in the discord and all that kind of stuff. And the website takes the hit on that for sure. But that's awesome. So it sounds like you guys have pretty successful pre sale going on right now. The public sales tomorrow. Just one more time. What is the website they can go and mint from and what is the price and what is the time?
Speaker D: Okay, so the price is going to be tomorrow, 0.19. Today it was 0.15. So yeah, that's the price. And tomorrow the presale. We're going to announce the presale today our night, because we want to have a really big announcement tomorrow and we still need to coordinate it. So just after I'm going to confirm the announcement, hours like 3 hours from that, they're gonna be the public sale. But you can also like, like we really right now is we really want people to buy on secondary market. And I think is if you go to Opensea, there's like a lot of like you, you can buy it pretty cheap. The floor is right now 0.21. So it is not that higher than the public sale. And to get in public sale, it will be like probably really, really hard. And yeah, I think on Openc also the gas fee is smaller than the minting. Than the minting. So you know, it's pretty good. So if someone is like really hyped, you can go right now to Opensea and buy. Because we believe the public say we go like crazy fast. You know, all those, all those 12,000 wallets, we didn't make it. They, they're gonna go for tomorrow.
Speaker A: Right, right.
Speaker D: And the supply will be two times lower than today. So.
Speaker A: And do I get free merch as soon as I have one of these or.
Speaker D: Oh no, like, you know, the idea for the merch is like we are still thinking for the best solution because maybe the t shirt will do faster. But as you can read on the website, what we planned at the beginning it was pre mount. You need to hold a bear free mount, whatever. It doesn't matter if you buy the secondary market, but the first to hold it three months will get the t shirt. And when they hold it 6 miles, they get that. They get a hoodie. But we want.
Speaker A: Yeah, hoodie. That's what I want. I like, I like a good hoodie.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: Six months though.
Speaker D: Yeah, but those hoodies, like, the quality of those hoodies are like really.
Speaker A: And it'll match the, it'll match the NFT.
Speaker D: I have first project. You worth it catered one that we're doing a dedicated one. So it's gonna be the only one who did like this on the world. So, so it is not like a normal merge. It is like special dedicated merge. We not do a normal merge as well. So you will be able to buy it if you are a holder. And that, that is something we can do in like one, two weeks. I'm just talking with, about it with Jacob. Like, you know, we get a whole plan which we're going to announce after, after the public sale. We're going to, we're going to announce the whole plan for the next month, like whole roadmap. Because now we are so focused on closing the public sale, closing the deals that then just after we're going to decide about what are our priorities and we're going to announce the main things from the roadmap and put it into specific timeline for the first two months. But I think the merge will be, we're going to try to do the normal merch, right. So the normal merge would be just like logo. It's not going to be personalized. It's going to be all, for all the burst holders. But those dedicated merge, I think the t shirt should be faster than three months. But, but the hoodie, we want to, we want, we want it for, for our top holders who really hold with us for at least six months.
Speaker B: Very cool. Very cool. So, well, Bartech, thank you so much for joining. Let us get back to, yeah, let us, let you get back to your launch and because I know how stressful it is, but we appreciate you coming on talking about the fancy bears metaverse that will launch the public sale tomorrow. So fancy bears metaverse.com is where you can find them. Hit them up on their discord. It sounds like they're popping in there with 120,000 members. So, Vartech, good luck tomorrow. Thank you very much.
Speaker D: Thank you, guys. Thank you for having me. And, yeah, it was a pleasure.
Speaker B: Absolutely. Have a good one, man. Thank you.
Speaker D: Hey, how disconnect.
Speaker B: You can just close your screen, I think. Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay. So bye bye. Thank you.
Speaker B: Later, Martech. All right. Fancy bears metaverse. So that, that's what we got going on for fancy bears metaverse. Check them out tomorrow if I, if that interests you. I think, you know, some cool. What I like about, you know, if you're going to go a merch route, right, is the ability to. I think everybody wishes they had their ape on their board. Ape merch, right? So that's kind of cool. If you have your personalized, you know, bear on your, your merch. There's, you know, some cool things you could do there with branding and stuff, but yeah. So let's land this bird. We got our ydez. Uh, we got Drew. Drew in the chat now. Drew in the chat, trying to get me back to my own launch, which is what we're trying to do here. Um, we've, if you haven't checked out the art for the Ben Mesrich NFt, it's dropping right now. It is pretty cool. The discord is popping. Uh, the rarity ranks will be out shortly here on rarity sniper. And, uh, we're having.
Speaker A: I better get some good rarities. That's all I have to say.
Speaker B: So if you are holding the Ben Mesrich nfts, by the way, one of the cool things that we're doing tonight is jump in the discord, verify your token. We're actually doing a screening of the social network with him live in the discord and he's going to be talking. We did this last week with 21 and he just went scene by scene about being on set and all this stuff. So. Des, I know that's amazing. I know it's one of your favorite movies. You were saying? So stop by tonight. It's actually 07:30 p.m. eastern will be screening the movie and he'll be chatting about it. It's really cool to, you know, listen to his experiences and pick his brain on that. 21 was a fun one. He I think the social network might be, might have a little more interesting.
Speaker A: Social networks. Gonna be awesome. Hey, what am I looking for as far as traits on these things here? I have one with a dinosaur background. Looks pretty cool.
Speaker B: Yeah, the backgrounds are rarer. The big thing you want as far as like what the roadmap looks like on these is the script score. If you have script score multipliers, that's going to actually put you on a multiplier of your screenplay token that you will get at the end of the set. So if you it very much like we did with red zone with the field access levels of the rarity. So you're either going to have a script score on your property of none of or three and if you have a script score of three, your toe, your screenplay token will multiply when we. When we give those out. And so, like, that's a, that's like, you know, the golden ticket thing that you're looking for. And then, of course, just your normal generative rarity pieces. So if you look into our discord, I have a full breakdown of what traits actually have. The rarity. Sorry. The script score, uh, multiplier as well. So.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker B: Yeah. But anyway, I think that's going to do it for us. Uh, it's been, you know, we got to knock the rust off today. We'll be back next week and, uh, and, uh, back in full force with some hard hitting, uh, you know, market analysis. The shovels, uh, says he's holding for his cameo. No joke. We were talking in the, in the spaces launch yesterday about what we can do. Cool things we could do for token holders with, you know, maybe certain traits or, you know, how we could gamify the collection to do stuff like be an extra in the NFT movie that he's writing and things like that. So we're gonna have a lot of fun with this. And I'm super pumped to kind of see it all play out here. And if you haven't got one yet, you can go check us out on opensea, come in the discord. We'll make sure you get those links and don't get scammed. That was honestly my biggest stressor the whole time, is trying to make sure that people were safe and not getting scammed out of fake DM links. And I got one.
Speaker A: I got a couple.
Speaker B: You know, it was a blessing and a curse because it's like, all right, if you're getting fake links sent around, that means you might make it, you know? Right, yeah, exactly. But. All right, any Des. Any parting shots before we get out of here?
Speaker C: No, I was just trying to refresh all my Ben NFTs to see what they look like.
Speaker A: I thought it said benefits.
Speaker B: Well, that's. No, that's what we're doing. That's the new slogan now. We decided that it's friends with benefits. Friends with benefits.
Speaker C: Nice.
Speaker B: I love it.
Speaker C: I think like you said, we got to knock off the rest day next week. We'll come back with full market analysis show and. Yeah, it's just good to be back.
Speaker B: Chamber.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, obviously check out on Friday. We're going to be doing wrecked talking some crypto and also shout out to the boys, over, I want to say unrecruited. I should really know the name. They just. They're kicking asses watching their show. You can watch them live.
Speaker B: Remind me of us a little bit.
Speaker A: Very good show. They've upped the. They've upped the quality, too. They've updated their logos, and everything's ahead. They're doing a hell of a job. So shout out to them. Make sure you watch. Oh, make sure you're catching coffee with captain. Oh, yeah. Like, literally, like, every morning, I think every morning on Twitter. So he's got a space going with Captain Zwiggly. So you'll hear. You'll hear a bunch on there. You'll hear some smart people.
Speaker B: It's, like, too early for me, though.
Speaker A: Like, it's pretty early. Like, I catch, like, the last five minutes.
Speaker B: I, like, I show up and I'm, like, eating breakfast with my family. And then captain's like, bunch, come on stage. I'm like, God damn it. Shout out here. Just before we go to Pete. Pete, as you know, des a loyal goats holder as well, and he's the meme goat. He's been making all these amazing memes and gifs for the Ben Mesrich project, as well as all the goats and stuff. So big, big shout out to Pete there, and that's going to do it for us. And until next time, stay mint.
