Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am bunchu, alongside my estate esteemed colleague and co host, chamber. Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: Doing pretty good, man. I'm a little tired today. I don't know, I feel like, kind of out of it today. Kind of don't want to be around anymore, you know?
Speaker A: Hey, me too. I've actually been feeling quite the same lately. I was texting you about it earlier. I sent you the I might just delete my whole digital footprint meme. You've seen 100%. I'm kind of feeling the same, um, lately, and I don't know why.
Speaker B: Uh, just for you, I don't know. Like, I feel like I can come up with many reasons in my head, but, you know, is. Is reality just that it's February 6.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: That shit's real. Um.
Speaker A: Are you talking this, the seasonal depression? Yeah, yeah, no, totally a real thing. And, um, I've actually never realized it more than, like, this year because it's definitely happening to me. And, like, so, so far to, like, last week or last year, I did all this awesome personal stuff, lost a bunch of weight, blah, blah, blah. And I'm just, like, pouring it back on, like, literally in, like, at the rate. It's really an impressive rate, how fast I'm actually putting weight on rather than, uh, how long it took to take off. So I've had to, like, put a, uh, as the trader kids might say, a stop loss on calories. I'm no longer allowed to eat anything. And that, uh, so I'm, I've put on probably, like, man, ten or eleven pounds this winter already, and I'm not happy about it. And I, I can't, I don't even feel like I'm, like, doing that bad personally. But, like, right. The scale says otherwise, so that is not that. That's messing with my, my mental, you know, amongst a host of other things. The fact that I can't. I can't get a win to save my life around this joint. Like, I'm, you know, it's hard. Everybody's killing it. Seems like everybody's killing it right now. And I'm just, I'm just, like, in heads down builder mode. And it's the push and pull of the immediate gratification that you see with things like checks and people killing it on these trades versus the very, very slow and unrewarding grind of building shit. And that's messing with me. So, like, I don't know, there's a lot. What about yourself.
Speaker B: So much. Yeah. I mean, that being said, I'm complaining, and I had a good win overnight while I was sleeping.
Speaker A: Yeah. I was gonna say, I mean, like, you, if you're depressed about that, I don't know what to tell you.
Speaker B: I'm definitely not depressed about that. But it, you know, it's definitely helped had that.
Speaker A: Tell the people what you're talking about that not all of them know about your win.
Speaker B: So we've been, you know, we have been talking about checks for a few episodes now. And I had mentioned I had a couple left. One of them was a. I think Des was the one that was mentioning that, like, oh, it doesn't matter. They're all the same. And I had mentioned that, you know, the lower you had the alpha, I had the alpha. The lowest serials, you know, had potentially more value. So I had a double digit. Was that 81 shout out to Kobe Bryant?
Speaker A: I was gonna say, there's something there. It's paying off your obsession, right?
Speaker B: Absolutely. So I picked it up a couple weeks ago, sold it overnight in the middle of the night. 02:00 a.m. i got the email for 8.1 ethereum. Big win.
Speaker A: Who.
Speaker B: Might bring me just below breakeven for 2023 so far.
Speaker A: I saw your tweet about that. And so where do you think. Where. Where do those other losses come in? Like, what did you lose? Eight eats a pretty good win. So, totally, I would say.
Speaker B: Big losses on. On seize the meme. Big L's. I don't know where it is now.
Speaker A: Wait, the memes or the meads.
Speaker B: Sorry. Sees the me.
Speaker A: Got it. So they were, like, cranking when we talked about them a couple weeks ago, and it sounded like it just, like, totally dropped off a cliff. Is that what happened?
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I don't follow the inner workings that. That closely. So all of a sudden, you know, the. The. I think was the Nakamoto that I had purchased for 3.3 eth, which at one point was at four and a half eth, which was looking great.
Speaker A: The day we talked about it. It was. Yeah.
Speaker B: That found its way. I. I ended up selling that thing for fucked. .7. I know, it's so. It's so heartbreaking to even say it out loud. And then. Yeah. Just lost on everything else. I had. Loaded up on some of the other ones as well, and all of a sudden, yeah, the bottom just came out of it, and I wasn't feeling very good there. Also lost a ton on. For whatever reason, I went this way on the texture punks. That was a big l. Also, so.
Speaker A: Yeah, you were definitely exit liquidity on texture punks. I saw you buy texture punks at multiple spots where I would have advised you not to. But you, you were. Look, you made somebody out there very happy.
Speaker B: It's the circle of life.
Speaker A: Yeah, but. Okay, so. Well, at least you're back to break even. Look, it's only February. There's a long way to go.
Speaker B: Absolutely. I could still lose a lot more.
Speaker A: That's true. Before we go any further, I see circles already in here with this. Hands up. So. Circles. Welcome to the show. What's going on? How are you feeling on this fine Monday?
Speaker C: I'm doing a fairly. Okay, I am curious who's behind the mint condition handle because they're throwing me some shade in the comment from an earlier space, and I just need to know who exactly is coming at me. It's, it's v squared. Okay. Just, just so that I knew. Hey, buddy. Hi. V squared. It's nice to know.
Speaker A: Well, now I need to know what. Now I need to know what the shade is aired out.
Speaker C: A poll, and the poll was pointless because I already made my decision about whether to burn this goat to get rid of these heart shaped glasses that I said from day one I wanted to get rid of. And so the community demanded a pole. And I told them I would run a pole, that I would abide by the poll if it said to burn them for our, the shades that Dow gifted to me for being the first to set up a ledger. And if the poll went heart glasses, keep them, I would disregard the poll. It's a very simple concept. And so I ran the poll and there was a lot of anger towards the entire idea. So down in the comments, V squared decided to pose the same question of if we're going to throw a poll up over here or nothing. So I just needed to know who's coming after me. Just gotta, just gotta poke the bear a little bit.
Speaker B: You know what he's doing? He's, he's running around wearing my mask. He just assumes I was gonna say.
Speaker A: It sounds like he's doing his best chamber behind the.
Speaker B: I think he feel, I think he feels he can get away with it. I think he just tweets away whatever his heart's desire.
Speaker C: And here's the thing. We get Chad, we don't get chamber. When, when Chamber comes on, we get chaddhenne. So I'm not used to such harshness.
Speaker A: I like that there is a known thing out in the twitterverse that there is a difference between Chamber and Chad. And he is a Jekyll and Hyde type of character. And I think you play that very well, chamber. So I guess. Is that your goal?
Speaker B: I think so. I think most of the time, it's what I call.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm glad.
Speaker B: I'm glad we've all figured it out now. But it's fun. It's fun. It's fun to make people think one thing and then, you know, and then, you know, in your mind, know it's different. And then them slowly start to realize that, like, manipulating people. Yeah, that's what it comes down to.
Speaker A: Well, I mean, that's one of your best traits. I think the. I mean, just the level of just deep sociopathic behavior is rampant. The, uh. So, you know, we were talking checks, and I gotta say, I have, I love my group text that I have with Steve and Cap, because I, in chamber, you and I do this to each other as well. It's like the sounding board for our jokes. And, like, you know, you can. You can, like, test stuff there and see if it's gonna. If it does well. And I, you know, I wasn't actually gonna tweet this, but I sent it to Steve and cap this morning, and Steve is like, tweet that. That's a banger as we're talking about checks. I posted my tweet from this morning above and that I was excited to announce my open edition of checks, original. And if you burned three, it turns into a family sized box of checks. Because, you know, over the weekend, not only did we see regular checks, Jack Butcher checks running, but then we saw, I mean, the Vincent van. Does Pepe checks go just insane nuclear. They minted. I don't even know how many were minted.
Speaker B: You know why? Right?
Speaker A: Because Jack changed all the metadata original checks to it. And. And then, so people think it's related. I'm assuming that's.
Speaker B: That's what I'm going with, too. I think that. I think that's the. The.
Speaker A: Now, do we. Now, do we. Do we know if there is an actual partnership there or any relationship? Or is it just. Or did Jack Butcher just make this dude a bag?
Speaker B: I think Jack Butcher just made that.
Speaker A: Dude a bag because, I mean, they. So the amount of pepe checks that were minted turned into, I think, $1.6 million in, in, like, what people paid for all these checks? And there was, like, I don't know, 100,000 of these things minted or something. And so I don't know if you saw this tweet. But, like, the Jack butcher checks only have taken in around 600,000 in total volume. And you can from, like, original mint price to all of the secondary royalties so far. So these pepe checks went, you know, went crazy. And now, you know, this person's made about a million more dollars in pepe checks just because of this. So I don't know. I mean, everybody is. Everybody's on the checks train. I'm still coping hard. We've got our first poll up of the day. Should Mackie mint his first checks? Derivative, duh, or check? No, I need to go to Mackey and see if there actually is a planned derivative that you have. Mackie, what kind of checks are you. Are you deriving here?
Speaker D: I did mean, should I mint someone else's checks?
Speaker A: Derivative.
Speaker D: Not my own. But if we want to pontificate, we want to toy with the idea, I'm here for it. I got a little bit of time this week.
Speaker A: You could mint my box of checks.
Speaker B: Mm.
Speaker D: The Costco size?
Speaker A: Yeah. What do you think? Well, you got a little skiing. You got to burn. Three to get the Costco size. Sorry.
Speaker D: Three of the family size to get that?
Speaker A: Yeah. Three. Three family size to get Costco size. This is how the gamification of artworks that I've also been touting.
Speaker B: Costco card. Nft.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: I already got a memo from chamber. It says, let's pump the chat box. What's the chat box?
Speaker A: That's what the kids are calling it these days.
Speaker B: The.
Speaker A: He means the purple comment bubble below. So if you wouldn't mind throwing us a gmdeh down in the chat box, if you will, we can get. Help us get this show out there. That would be much appreciated, but, yeah, I mean, tons to talk about. Checks is just going nuclear. Still. What's the floor on. On the checks today? Chamber? Do we know?
Speaker B: Yeah, I got it right in front of me here. I have one left. It's currently at 1.925.
Speaker A: My goodness. I guess.
Speaker B: I don't know. Do I. Do I sell now?
Speaker A: No, I think you hold it. Now.
Speaker B: Hang on.
Speaker A: You've gotten your. You've got your. Yeah, yeah. You've gotten your bags packed like this. You've collected quite a hefty bit of profit on that. What did you pay for that?
Speaker B: 81, I think, 0.7.
Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, so you've eight plus x to your money. And, you know, you might as well stay along for the ride now, right? Like, see what happens with the burger.
Speaker B: That was the most expensive check I bought most of them were like, 0.18.
Speaker A: I think, and you had six total. You're down to one left. So you've made. You've done quite well on checks. So I would just hold. It's like one of those things where right now you've got nothing to lose. You might as well just hold it and see what happens. Like, maybe these are the next chromie squiggles that everybody's talking about, and they go to, you know, some insane astronomical.
Speaker B: Number, like a 15 eth or something like that.
Speaker A: Yeah. And then you'll be upset because, like, you. You'll be upset, I think, because you've already done well. So, like, there was. There's no reason you have to sell this, you know, so I would be up. I'm getting a thumbs down from Steve. I'm not quite sure why, but I. So maybe. Maybe Steve is saying, take your profit, or that it won't be the next crummy squiggles. Well, I don't think so either. But, Mackie, I saw you put your hand up. Let's go to Mac.
Speaker D: Did you hear the, like, greed just roll off his tongue as he said, 15 e. 15.
Speaker A: Yes. Yes, I did.
Speaker B: You're in it. You're in it. I've never hidden from the fact that I'm here to make money.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker D: I don't. And I'm not dogging you for it. Just. It's there. Your Degen hooks are in, is what I'm saying.
Speaker A: Chamber. Did you. So you. You're obviously keeping a p and l for 2023. How did you. How did your 2022 two end?
Speaker B: I spent a lot, I guess it's weird because a lot of my friends here need web three to live. Right? That's what you guys survive on.
Speaker A: You just need weed.
Speaker B: No, my work pays for weed, too.
Speaker A: Well, that's what I mean. The industry props you up.
Speaker B: But, like, like my crypt. Like, you know, NfT earnings, crypto earnings, whatever. That's icing on the cake. Like, I use. I use that to supplement my income. So my 2022 was. I mean, it was expensive ish enough. I don't know. I don't know what expensive is, but I've supplemented my income enough, so I'm gonna have to pay some taxes on that, which is not what I want to do. Now, the question here is, do I utilize my crypto funds to pay my tax burden or do I take it out of my legacy market? You know, stocks and, you know, and that sort of thing.
Speaker A: Imagine. Imagine having that choice you know, I.
Speaker B: Think, I think my choice is I'm going to take it out of my legacy funds as opposed to my crypto funds because I think my crypto funds have a higher chance of. I think the growth on the crypto bag is going to be higher in 2023 than the growth on my legacy bag. What do you think about that?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, probably, like, right? Yeah, I think, yes, I think so. I mean, I've been on record saying he's going to ten k. It's going to some point, so, like, yeah, eth.
Speaker B: Goes to like 2500 this year. Yeah, no, like 2500 this year. That's going to significantly outperform your traditional stocks and, and whatnot.
Speaker A: Yeah. Which I think is likely. Right. Like, I think at some point it will hit that at some point in 2023. I mean, maybe. Who knows? But I'm also, I'm also still, I'm still. Pumps are for selling. I, I don't know, I'm getting, I get like tons of for this, but I'm still on the take that, like, we're not quite done yet, so y'all can lose me all you want.
Speaker B: Done, like, down. Yeah, I mean, you know, I think the only way we go down more, like, don't get me wrong, like, um, just bring up my chart here. Like, we can fluctuate between here and 1400 bucks, maybe 1300 bucks. But I don't think we go further down than that. But if you're saying triple digits or like back to 1000, I think we need, like a pretty, something bad to happen globally. The crypto market's not going to get affected, you know, individually, that way, I think it's gonna have some worldwide consequences for that to happen. What do you think?
Speaker A: Which I think.
Speaker B: Which could totally happen.
Speaker A: Maybe. I don't know. I'm not an expert on this. I'm only. That's why I stopped posting charts in the war room, because it only turns out bad for me. So I've result, like, resigned to not giving my opinion anymore on those topics.
Speaker B: If anybody does want to tell me how to spend my money, feel free to come up and give me some financial advice.
Speaker A: And here comes Steve. Connecting. Steve's connecting. He's going to tell you how to spend your money.
Speaker B: I'm okay. Steve's a smart guy.
Speaker A: We are. While Steve's coming up, I still, I'm getting the, the spinning circle of death for Steve. So I'm not sure if he's going to Twitter spaces. Seems like they've been having some issues this morning.
Speaker B: I had issues all weekend. I. With. With that. Just trying to sign into stuff. And I was joining Laker space, by the way. Lakes.
Speaker A: Oh, man. I wanted to. I wanted to talk to you about this, by the way, because I feel oftentimes, like, especially on social media and Twitter, like, I don't know, I feel like I come in every day and just, like, leave my normal world at the door and just, like, plug myself into the metaverse for 910 hours a day of, like, discord and Twitter and all of that. So I like, I feel like Twitter is its own world. Like, you're on there and it's just in this. You're just, like, hanging around this city of all these people doing things and tweeting things and in spaces, talking about things and all that. And. And I feel like our paths, me and you, specifically, rarely cross on Twitter. Like, even, like, through the algorithm, I never see your tweets somehow, and I never show you in spaces. However, was it yesterday, maybe, or the day before? I was just, you know, cruising through my little Twitter verse and cruising through my little Twitter verse, and I. Your little crown ute pops up in a space and I'm like, oh, chambers in a space. Let me go see what his is about. And lo and behold, it was a Los Angeles Lakers Twitter space. I was like, oh, this very much fits. Do you hang out in other web three spaces that are not degen? Or is it just lakers stuff for you outside of Degen Twitter spaces?
Speaker B: It's funny how you crafted, like, you plug in all day adding lakers to it. Because we talk about CT and crypto twitter and nft twitter, NBA Twitter is off the chains and specifically laker twitter. Like, it's so much fun. So I'm literally. I'm on Twitter all the time, you know, right until I go to bed, because most of the time, these. These games finish at, like, one in the morning. So I'm literally on Twitter non stop. But yes, I go on. I go on circles. I like circles and Bundy's pod or, you know, space.
Speaker A: Yeah, they're not like, official Djen, but I mean, they're as close as you get.
Speaker B: I like, I like their show. I like the night shift when they have theirs.
Speaker A: Can I interest you in a space called the daily dose?
Speaker B: No, I got unfollowed by.
Speaker A: Well, I was going to commend you. We are going to play a little defend that tweet later. Oh, good. Yes. However, I'm going to commend you now for this one. You don't have to defend it, because usually what we do on defend that tweet for anybody who's new is I bring up and shame chamber on his terrible tweets that receive very poor engagement. Chamber. This tweet in particular on Saturday morning had to be one of your best performing tweets, maybe ever. It got. It was at 08:01 a.m. fresh off the presses on Saturday morning. 47 likes and three. Three retweets. You got three from suga. Shane, your idol.
Speaker B: Amazing. Oh, I didn't even know. I didn't know. Shane and Bella.
Speaker A: Yeah, they were all about this. And your tweet said, just a quick. And this is. I'm only reading this because of how much time we spent on Friday talking about how you felt left out.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: Snubbed. Snubbed. And then. And this was. It's funny. Like, our show happened right before all of this drama started unfolding. And so you were, you were feeling snubbed on Friday, and then all the drama happened Friday night into Saturday. And this tweet, just a quick clarification on my involvement with Brian Carson and the flex investment team. I have yet to sign anything. I am willing to commit an initial investment of no more than $100. Due to my recent missteps in chasing check derivatives, my holdings are limited. Great tweet that caused an unfollow, huh?
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. Because I literally, because I noticed. Who's his partner in crime there? Clementi. Clemente.
Speaker A: Hell of a hell of a guy.
Speaker B: Hell of a guy. He had followed me, and I'm like, oh, I wonder if Ryan Carson follows me. And I checked, like, literally, like a week ago, and he was. And then I checked again after that tweet, and he was not.
Speaker A: You went from checked to check. Derivative. Real quick.
Speaker B: Real quick.
Speaker A: Real quick. So I do want to go to Steve. I saw him trying to come up before Steve, if you're available. What's going on?
Speaker E: The moment has passed way out. The joke will no longer land. So I will.
Speaker A: Can we try it? Because I want to hear.
Speaker E: From that. I came up and I'm like, shit, this isn't working. And now we've moved the conversation.
Speaker A: I really like the idea of a segment about out of context jokes from, like, I feel like that could actually be funny. All right, I won't go to you. I will go to Brittain. Britt's down there. How you doing, Britt?
Speaker F: Hey, I actually had something really. I had a question for you guys. Based on the. Are we at the bottom or are we on the up and up, yet.
Speaker A: Oh, boy.
Speaker F: Ever look? Because, you know, we can read the charts and, you know, plenty of defi chats. You see everyone reading charts, but there's also the, like, untangible of the actual protocol and like, what they're building. So, like, you know, account abstraction is now a thing on ethereum. Do you think that affects the markets and, like, things like polygon, et cetera?
Speaker A: I totally do. I don't. I'm not good at yet. I don't have enough experience, like, looking into that kind of stuff. Like, there's so many people that look at outside of the charts. They're looking at all of these on chain, like, flows and things like that that are happening. Flows to exchanges, like you said now, account extraction, all this kind of stuff, it's kind of not my particular skill set, so I don't know how to use those tools to kind of determine that stuff. But I definitely think that there are people that do and use it well. And you can probably gain some insight on the all of those things. Like even just amount of transactions happening on chain. If you looked at bear market patterns versus bull market patterns of just on chain activity, I think you can actually draw some conclusions and make some predictions from that stuff. I'm just not the best at it. Chamber. Have you ever done stuff like this?
Speaker B: So I actually, literally, I don't know if it was on Friday or Saturday, just bought a. A very big size bag of matic, so specifically talking polygon. I do think those types of things have less of a factor, I think in a bull market. I think the leaders of a project serve more of the pump, if you will. Ethereum and what happened with doge and what happened with FTX, say what you will about SBF, but he was for a few years the leader of Solana, or the face of Solana, I should say. So. I think those are kind of things that I look for. I think long term, that's obviously how it's going to play out is functionality of the chain and what it does and how it separates itself from the copypasta that's out there. So I don't know. I do think matic is a serious play for the next bull market. I think a lot of stuff. It just seems to me, my gut's telling me a lot of things are going in the right direction for Matic, and it could be one that sees I'm getting the Solana vibes. If you guys were around trading crypto a couple of years ago, are you getting early?
Speaker A: Bored ape yacht club vibes from matic.
Speaker B: I just like the chain. I like the matic chain. I think having Ute's going over there, we'll see. It might be the first ute's, might be the first domino to fall in the matic chain and could really do some things for nfts and the functionality of it and how we transacted them.
Speaker A: Well, I'm pretty sure you did not answer Britt's question. However, if you were looking for a bullish case for matic, you got one. Britt, how have you been seeing, I mean, like you said, you kind of come from the defi streets a little bit. So how are you seeing people use that stuff? Did we lose Brit?
Speaker B: She probably muted herself. I forgot she muted herself.
Speaker F: That was me. I was muted. No, like, so obviously polygons, one that I've had on my radar for a while just because they were one of my first, like, hackathon sponsors. But I guess that's what I'm always curious about is because you can have these run ups with the smaller protocols based on how they're doing or what they're doing. But I like the transactions. Like, looking at transactions as a metric, I think that's a really interesting one.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's interesting. I know. You know, when I listen to stuff like ledger cast with ledger status and Josh, oh, you know, they always talk about like, what the on chain activity and stuff for specific change, which I think is, is helpful.
Speaker B: See, I feel like, I feel like Brian says that and then Josh says, I feel like it's, they're made up.
Speaker A: Oh, I'm actually, see, I actually feel like, yeah.
Speaker B: Oh, maybe it's, maybe it's flipdenne. But definitely one says, I don't know how much stock we should be putting into those numbers.
Speaker A: I mean, we'll see. I think it's tough to use it as a predictor, but I mean, it's definitely worth noting, right? Especially like bull or bear, right. You could probably start to see patterns maybe of turnarounds. But I will say, britt, like you said, these smaller protocols, I mean, I remember back in, you know, our early altcoin days, chamber of, like, you know, that's what you lived and died on was like, announcements of dev updates, right? Like, that's what was pushing these, these small cap tokens forward. It was about what? Well, can devs do something?
Speaker B: You know, I forgot about, I forgot about GitHub updates.
Speaker A: Like, literally, GitHub updates would push, would push price. And so, you know, and the crazy thing is, brit, like I'm sure you've seen with, but like some of these really small protocols and coins. Like, I mean, doesn't take much to move them, right? Like you're talking about potentially tokens with like $10 million or even less, like market caps. That really doesn't take a lot to pump their price. So I mean, that's why you've seen some, I remember dump groups do well and stuff, but go ahead.
Speaker B: We had shows where we were talking about sub 1 million market captain.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: Like, and like buying up as much as we can. Like I feel like somebody had mentioned the other day, like strong, remember strong.
Speaker A: Oh, God.
Speaker B: I mean, I feel I, in my memory, I feel like I made a ton of money, but I feel like I did. But that was, I feel like strong.
Speaker A: Almost sent me to the, to like the insane asylum. Like literally drove me crazy. I bought, oh, my God, I can't even, I think I bought it at like $250 a token. It, for whatever reason, I can't remember what happened, went down 90% and you and I were like DCA ing our way to financial freedom and I could not stay on the roller coaster any longer and I sold it all at some little pump on the way back towards even and it from there went to like twelve hundred dollars a token. And I almost, I, like, that was my, that was one of my first experiences of like I can't handle the mental game of this. It's because it's so incredibly hard to deal with when you do stuff like.
Speaker B: That because I'm pretty sure those one, that was one of those like million, $2 million market cap, like when we got in where it's so easy to manipulate.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. And so that was like one of these first ones with like crazy staking mechanics and all of this stuff, which is, you know, it's wild. But anyway, I hope that partially answers your question, Brit, sorry for all the run around, but you got us talking our old token days, which is great, but Steve, jump in.
Speaker E: No, I just, I was going to say a couple of things. I was going to ask more of a technical question about Matic because I was curious your take on how Matic actually, the usage of matic actually drives the value of the coin. Because I was going to ask chamber if his thesis is that it's trading on sentiment, sort of like you were talking about in the old days. But I also enjoyed the fact that britast like a very technical question and then just Chamber pumped his bags for like three minutes.
Speaker A: She brought up polygons.
Speaker B: She brought up polygons.
Speaker E: I was like feeling at home on wrecked podcast all over again. But yeah, yeah, but I was curious because I guess on that, like to your point, like, I mean, and chamber, like a dead serious question. And bunch, I love your take on this too because I think you're on opposite sides of the spectrum potentially here, which is, you know, does Polygon actually pump based on usage because it takes such a small amount to transact or are you expecting it to trade on sentiment because it's essentially going to be sold like as something that literally you could sell to enterprises to use for their software. So I'm curious to take there.
Speaker A: Chamber, you want to go first?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think both. I think we will see it trade on sentiment, but the sentiment will be, I think, you know, stirred up by any sort of like positive news or positive products that they, that they put out on the chain. So it'll be like a self fulfilling prophecy, I think if, you know, they start, they start doing things and they start kind of again. I think they've already started doing some of these things. But as that momentum continues, I think the mania of Matic will get to a fever pitch similar to Solana. Solana was very, very similar back in the day where you could buy Solana for like a dollar two and then it was the promise of being able to do all these things for a very, very low transaction fee and they started putting out quality product on that chain and, you know, then NFC started and, and again, it just, it just blew up from there.
Speaker A: So I think it's both, I think largely sentiment probably.
Speaker B: Yeah, I agree. I think, yeah, 70 30.
Speaker A: I think, you know, Cap has said this many times about polygon, about sorry about matic. And I agree, like I can't get my head around like the token mechanics versus like what, what's going to drive the price other than sentiment? You know what I mean? Like it's, I just don't get, I can't get there. So like I don't even hold any matic. However, you would think that like when people come in and they do their normal like bitcoin to ethereum to altcoins and they're looking at research and, you know, the fundamental analysis that people do rather than technical analysis, like you see everything that Polygon is doing and see everything that theyve got going on and all these businesses that are building on there and thats where people are going to say, oh, theres value here regardless of the token mechanic. So I think largely sentiment based there. Does that answer your question, Steve?
Speaker E: No, thats great. And I didnt want you to, I was just putting my hand up because I was going to say it sounds like almost like in the crypto it almost would trade like a stock that way. Because I know when we had Ryan on CWC from Polygon, the CEO, like, you know, Punter specifically asked him and he was like, look, like, what does this do for the value of the coin? Obviously Ryan, like he was a pro and he didn't answer it. But it was a really good question because like you have to think that when they bring people on, they probably do some sort of. Do you think they do? Is it legal? Actually, let me ask this question. Do you think like when you bring people onto a polygon that they would have like grants or anything like that, similar to stock or, or issuing or is that like way big? No, no, I'm not sure what that world looks like.
Speaker A: Like, I can tell you from somebody I know that even that polygon employees actually have, I believe, a bonus that can get paid out in Matic. Yeah, but they are not paid in matic. It's like a bonus structure that can get paid in matic.
Speaker E: Yeah, like stock options kind of.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Exactly. So, yeah, so there is something interesting there for sure. Let's go to aspiring nobody and then maybe we'll go to another topic here.
Speaker G: No, I had to hop up when I heard you mention strong nodes. Man, node season was so exciting. It was like open editions right now. And it was just insane to be in some of the group chats and everyone was chasing financial freedom, like you said. We almost got there and then it all crashed down.
Speaker B: It was so, wait, it was aspiring nobody? That was, that brought it up the other day. Now that I remember.
Speaker A: Did you have a strong node?
Speaker G: I did not. I had a bunch of the other nodes, hence the open edition comment. But I was working my way to a strong node and never quite made it kind of happy. I didn't know at this point, but I mean, it was wild to see some people were making thousands of dollars a month and then it just all went bye bye. I remember like waking up and checking to see if node baron just we route to Defi.
Speaker B: That's wild.
Speaker A: We're going to look back at this time and think the same thing at some point.
Speaker B: Well, that's, and that's what I try to tell everybody all the time. Like, I remember, like I got into crypto when altcoins were really popping out for the first time. And there was a lot of bitcoin maxis that didn't get involved, and we were buying litecoin and ripple and iota and all sorts of stuff.
Speaker A: Iota was my first big one.
Speaker D: Shout out iota over here, too.
Speaker B: There you go. A lot of people were making money. A lot of people lost money, but that was my first taste of it. And then everybody's kind of licking their wounds in 2018. And then Defi started, like, you know, people were trying to trade all coin still, and there was a lot of hopium that there's, they're going to see a rebound. But Defi kind of was, was kind of made out of that. And, you know, there was money to be made in Defi, and there was a lot of altcoin traders that did not get into Defi.
Speaker A: I'll never forget the rec podcast episode where you and I broke down uniswap and I, we discovered the socks. Do you remember that? Oh, my goodness, the unisocks. Absolutely. Like, we could have bought unisocs right there on the spot for, like, I don't know, a couple hundred bucks.
Speaker B: I feel like $300 was the number.
Speaker A: Yeah. And they ended up, like, buy, they ended up being sold for, like, I don't know, $10,000 a pair at some point.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Like, just absolute lunacy. But, yeah, I mean, that was, that was crazy times. But I don't know, maybe we see the same kind of thing eventually here. You know, I feel like maybe pfps, you'll talk about at that at some point. Absolutely right. I think you already are right. Like, there was PFP season last year where anything that was minting was going, you know, to the moon. I remember I was thinking about this, this weekend where, like, you know, my initial come up as a, like, trader. I couldn't even tell you the name of the project it was at this point, but I minted just a random, like, Tuesday or something. Minted something. And I minted a rare one and I minted it for 0.08 and I sold it for 4.2. And like, that was at, that was at like $3,300 eth. And that was like the beginning of my kind of, you know, come up, I guess, as a, as a trader in that time. And I was trying for the life of me to remember the name of the project, and I can't, I could not tell you what project it was, and I don't remember, and I guarantee you it probably ceases to exist today if I were to bet on it. But, yeah, so I think we'll talk about. I think we'll talk about PFP season. Not peas in general, but like, that kind of activity. Right?
Speaker B: Like, well, we'll probably talk about open edition season that, you know, at some point as well, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, I don't know. We'll see. Back to you, aspiring nobody.
Speaker G: Yeah, real quick. I remember Node Baron used to, like, load up, load up laptops with, like, one or two strong nodes and, like, randomly leave them for people to find. It was like, man, I wish I could find one of those. And now it's just completely worthless.
Speaker A: No, that's crazy. Yeah. Master nodes were a thing for anybody who does not remember those or was never involved in node season. That was, that was one of the hot, hot angles of crypto at some, at some point. It was probably around 2019, I would say. Is that when it was chamber?
Speaker B: That was, right.
Speaker A: Yeah. Anyway, there's a ton more to talk about here today that we are not going to get to already because I do want to do defend that tweet. And, but just to call attention, one to our poll, Mackie, should Mackie mint a checks derivative? We're at 55% yes. So Mackie, 54.5% yes so far on you minting a checks derivative. So you're going to have to hold your word to that one. A couple other comments here. SK 369 eth just got into the Starbucks odyssey discord server. So that's been pumping out today. We've gotten, I don't know, a lot of new folks into that ecosystem today. Cap dropping some crypto painter art. What does this hand say? I can't even see. Oh, he's pointing out that the hands are not AI. That's pretty funny. That's pretty funny. And then there's also our reminder link to the next episode of this show, so you can find that up top. Set your reminders now for Wednesday. I'm also going to pin caps to the top here as well for their space on Tuesday. But, yeah, I mean, there's a lot going on in the market here outside of the drama. I did want to touch on the open sea items that came out over the weekend. Did you see the new, I guess, features, you could say on, on OpenSea?
Speaker B: I did not.
Speaker A: Okay, give me a second and I'll, I'll bring them up. I just have to find caps tweet here to put up to the top. So OpenSea launched two different features this weekend or over the last couple of days that are kind of interesting. And I'd like to hear your take on them, but, so this first one is, the first one is about a window of time that they have now implemented that you can make offers on items. So here it's, it's called introducing Opensea's three hour hold period. So follow this. To mitigate theft related risk, sellers will be prevented from accepting offers on certain items for 3 hours after some transfers and sales. But don't worry, with delegate cash, hot, cold wallet transfers won't be affected. So then they go on to say why 3 hours? Speedy transfers and resales through offer acceptances can indicate suspicious activity. This timeframe helps Opensea and our community and theft victims detect stolen items, while also lessening the chance that buyers end up with an item that is later reported stolen. They also say if you haven't used delegate cash, it's a decentralized registry that associates or trusted wallets. Opensea will read from their on chain registry so you can have a smooth buying and selling experience while staying protected. What are your initial thoughts on that?
Speaker B: I like it. So just, just for clarification, I'm not too familiar with the, what's the wallet thing called?
Speaker A: Delegate cash. Essentially what this is is it's basically what Yuga is doing with dooki Dash, I believe, as far as being able to identify another wallet that you can use as a hot wallet so you don't put your main wallet at risk. So basically I could say if I have a main wallet on OpenSea and I have two or three other wallets that I want to use as delegate wallets, they would not limit your transaction from those wallets that you've identified. Does that make sense?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So you go and identify them, uh, as, hey, these are wallets that I would interact with so that they know that it's a, you know, your wallet to wallet type of thing. Makes sense.
Speaker B: I like it. I think that's good.
Speaker A: You think it's, that's it? Yeah, just good.
Speaker B: I mean, there are people getting, I mean, opensea doing something to mitigate, you know, some of the shenanigans that happen, whether through stupidity or, you know, through whatever. I think it's good. I mean, as much as we all want to be decentralized, sometimes people don't deserve to be decentralized. If there's certain, if there's certain things we can, these exchanges can put in to stop us from being stupid. I think it's good.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think generally it's a good thing as well. I'm curious about the delegate cash thing because I've talked to a couple people, including one that just Emily at foolproof, who has talked specifically about delegate wallets. And I would love if Britt was still here, but I think she had to bounce. But she's talked specifically about delegate wallets and how there's still a potential risk with delegating a wallet, as in, oh, really? Only during the initial delegation. Meaning if somebody is watching the mempool, when you delegate a wallethead, they could potentially front run your delegation. Meaning like, I'm going to delegate wallet to and somebody basically sandwich attacks my transaction and delegates their wallet. And I, that's how it was explained to me. And I don't know exactly how that works or how true it is.
Speaker B: Don't you wish you were smart enough to do something like that?
Speaker A: I certainly wish I was smart enough to understand if I should or should not be delegating a wallet. Right. That's why. And she talks about it specifically as that's one of the risks and why foolproof is. And the shadow token is a potentially better solution because it's not possible to do that. I don't quite understand it, but I would love to know more about that, that maybe we can research into and provide a better answer. Because if you can, if you can front run someone's delegate wallet and like opensea out here pumping that, you use delegate cash and stuff like that happens, well, you know, you're in deep shit. Right? Like, so, you know, just again, even with security options, make sure you're being very, very careful. I don't know. You know, it's probably not an easy thing to do. It probably doesn't happen very frequently. But it was something that was specifically mentioned to me, so I'm passing information along, but ultimately I think it's probably a good thing. You know, I don't think, you know, I've seen some people say that, you know, like, this isn't great for traders and things like that. But I think, like, if you're flipping, you're likely not buying and sending it out or buying and immediately accepting a. We thought, I mean, so I think that the risk of like, it ruining trading is probably flipping is probably pretty low. But that was an initial feedback thing that I saw the other opensea thing that they just rolled out this Thursday. Sorry, it was last Thursday. They're excited to, it says, we are excited to start rolling out the next phase of drops on OpenSea. So I've been seeing more and more drops happening on OpenSea and drop a product that they've been working on for the past few months, it says this version of Drops offered a select to select partners the ability to launch their collections in partnership with Opensea, including immersive drop experiences to showcase their project brand and art. Over the past few months, they've worked closely with 20 amazing teams and built a best in class drops experience that includes features like multistage minting phases, allow list support, rich storytelling elements, and more. In the next phase of our rollout, success means giving creators the tools to do all of this themselves. So you'll be able to. Sounds like self serve. Do a drop like this. Deploying smart contracts across all EVM supported change. That's interesting. Configuring drop mechanics, personalizing landing pages using self serve editing tools and more. Very interesting. An example of this I think would be the. God, I'm going to not be able to say this. The chryslicium mint the other week, last week that was done in this manner, I believe through Opensea, there was the phased minting. It seemed to have worked pretty well. Sus or bus or news or naez, whichever you prefer.
Speaker B: I think it's a little Sus.
Speaker A: Really?
Speaker B: Yeah. Like, I don't know. I just don't like, you know, I mean, I guess. I don't know. You could. The way I'm looking at it is our projects must have to pay to play for something like this.
Speaker A: Well, no, it sounds like they're going to open this up as like a self serve tool. And for me, I think it's trying to gain market share. Right? Like they're, they're trying to get people back.
Speaker B: They're gonna promote. Are they gonna promote these like have these a bit more, you know, front and center than some of the other projects.
Speaker A: Well, it sounds like maybe these 1st 20 partnership ones they did, they would have. Right. But if they open up a song, serve one, I don't know how they could do that. There's probably, I mean, maybe, maybe there's some sort of tiered, you know, promotion tool there. I guess that would be looking at club Packer.
Speaker B: Club packer, yeah. Isn't that one of them the drops I'm on the calendar drop right now?
Speaker A: Oh, I have no idea. The last one says our vision is to expand this product so that anyone can easily drop collections across any chain on Opensea with immersive, safe storefront. I think it's interesting, especially if you think about like lately, you know, there's been a lot of action on Manifold foundation, nifty gateway publisher, like all of these self serve tools and Opensea's kind of been behind the.
Speaker B: Okay, I take back my sus.
Speaker A: Okay, take it back. I think it's probably a net positive.
Speaker B: I'm neither sus nor bus.
Speaker A: Okay, so you're just. You're just lukewarm. Yeah, I have. Who. Who's Luke? And why are we using his temperature to, like, measure all of this? I don't understand. All right, well, that. That's about as. As much NFT talk as I can take today, so let's close this thing down with a little bit of my favorite segment, defend that tweet. So, chamber, this is, if you're just joining us for the first time, this segment is where I post chambers shitty tweets and we make him talk about them. And so, uh, here we go. We got the first one here. Um, I I'm not sure this is a bad tweet as much as it is just very poorly engaged tweet. You sent this tweet at 09:03 so, I mean, this is Friday morning, so 09:03. On Friday morning in the am, you posted up. Hold on. This is. The numbers are inflating now because I posted it to the top. This guy. This got one. This got one. Like. So you've increased your likes by 100% on this. Some of you aren't the oldest sibling, and it shows. I mean, the context, like, how do you expect people to like that? You have no. Give no context of what that.
Speaker B: Actually, if you're an old, that that's just telling me you're not an older. You're not.
Speaker A: But I am. I'm the older sibling. Yeah. No, I'm the oldest sibling because you give me.
Speaker B: You give me big brother energy, which is what I'm looking for. Um. Uh, yeah. I don't know. Don't you, can't you see that? And as the eldest, know what that means? I thought it was pretty evident for, for us. I feel our people.
Speaker A: No, I don't. And I don't know if. I don't know if anybody out there can relate to this. Sounds like at least two people.
Speaker B: I at least I naturally gravitate. Like, I can tell when somebody's the old oldest sibling. There's just a. There's just a mutual understanding of the type of person you are. And you can tell when somebody's a middle child or somebody's the youngest. Like, some. When somebody's the youngest, or it's so. It's so blatantly obvious.
Speaker E: You give descriptors. Because I'm so.
Speaker A: This is part of the problem. With the tweet, there's not a single.
Speaker B: Steve, do you have an older brother?
Speaker E: I'm not going to say where I lie in the sibling world. I'm just curious, like, what the vibes and energy, and then I'd like to. I actually would like you to assess me because I don't think you are familiar with my sibling sitch.
Speaker B: What I. I would say you're definitely.
Speaker E: Definitely. This is like, when, like, the guys who read minds on tv, those guys who like cold Readdez, like, being put to the test.
Speaker B: So you're definitely not the oldest. Are you an only child? Is the question. I feel like you're not.
Speaker A: You have no idea about.
Speaker E: You really know that I have a brother. I have a brother with 450,000 followers on Twitter.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: His brother's just the way he said that. I know. It's his older brother.
Speaker E: Oh, it's funny you say that, because.
Speaker A: He is not always the younger brother. Yeah. He's a. The younger.
Speaker E: Far more successful, though.
Speaker B: But sometimes success can over, you know, could. Could kind of jump over, you know.
Speaker E: Now you are doing the cold reading thing.
Speaker A: You're just trying to, like, I feel so.
Speaker B: Are you the oldest? Are you the oldest?
Speaker E: You. I need your assessment first. Am I the oldest now?
Speaker A: Well, because he does have one more sibling. He does have one more sibling, yeah.
Speaker B: And you're older than. So are you the middle child? Is the question.
Speaker A: I'm feeling this is chamber doing is cold read right now.
Speaker B: I'm gonna say. Yeah, I gotta say, you are the middle child.
Speaker E: Do I give off middle child vibes?
Speaker B: You don't give off middle child vibe. But I'm not necessarily getting the oldest sibling vibe from you.
Speaker E: I am the middle child. But I do. I am sort of the adult amongst. And both of my siblings would admit that in the group and always have been ever since I was a kid. So.
Speaker B: So maybe you're just an outlier. Maybe that's just an outlier.
Speaker E: But that's curious what the description of a middle child. I know you have more tweets, but, like, I'm so fascinated because you said it's. You say it's obvious. I'm curious, like, what the energy of a middle child.
Speaker B: There's a certain con, and I don't. I just know when it's an older sibling, there's just a confidence, there's a. There's a certain attitude, there's a certain kind of. Just the way they carry themselves. I can just tell. And maybe it's just the eldest sibling thing. Maybe maybe if there's other people in the crowd that can come up and I. Help me try to explain this. That are older, that are the oldest siblings.
Speaker A: Well, I think what's wrong, I think what's wrong with the tweet is that there is no context. So, like, person who just sees that wouldn't even know how to articulate.
Speaker B: I think if they were the oldest, I think if they were the oldest, they would. But maybe it's just me.
Speaker A: I didn't know. Wow. I'm just a mere single person here. So, uh, I don't know who is, who's coming up here now. Uh, is this Twitter bay? Twitter bay. Jump in.
Speaker H: I'm the oldest, but I have no clue what you're talking about. Chamber. I just came up to say I switched on my notifications to help you engage for future tweets.
Speaker A: Thank you. That's incredible.
Speaker B: That's all, that's oldest sibling energy right there. They're helping out, you know, you see what I'm saying? I could tell that is nothing to.
Speaker A: Do with the fact that I mentioned.
Speaker H: That to begin with.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Good job reading that Twitter bay. I'm getting the feeling that you have a sibling that you are older than. Is that true? Yeah.
Speaker H: I don't know. Maybe you might have to, like, listen to recording. I might have given a hint.
Speaker B: Are they more successful than you play a role?
Speaker A: Interesting. That's interesting. As somebody now with two boys, I'm trying to be very conscious of, like, the dynamics that I foster there because I do agree with you. I just didn't know what the context was of this particular tweet. Right.
Speaker B: All I'm saying is I seem to gravitate to the oldest sibling and we, and I've seen it happen many times where it's, you know, it's just a certain, again, just a certain way they carry themselves and that's the type of person I like. I like, I gravitate to and youngest and only children, obviously. Only children.
Speaker A: They definitely, we're going to need a, need an official ruling on middle children now for next episode, please. So. All right. Please.
Speaker B: They have a tough. They have it tough. I will go on the record and say middle children have a tough.
Speaker A: Steve, we feel confirmed. All right, we got, I want to hear from Vicki, then I have one more tweet and then we're getting going to get out of here. I actually just pinned a tweet that Vicki sent me up at the top that I think is relevant to note. But go ahead, Vicky.
Speaker I: Looking at what you've pinned. Am I in trouble?
Speaker A: Uh, no, it was the one you just dm'd me because I thought that was interesting.
Speaker I: Oh, okay. I just want to say what? I was obviously 53 years old when I found out that chamber tweets.
Speaker A: I'm telling you, your shadow bad chamber.
Speaker B: There's got something happening.
Speaker A: There's something happening. That tweet that you. That I just mentioned only got 123 views prior.
Speaker B: So weird.
Speaker I: Yeah, that was. That was Elon. Just checking. God, this dude still around?
Speaker B: This guy must be an older sibling.
Speaker I: With your psychic crown. Am I eldest, middle, or youngest?
Speaker B: That's a great question. Or only is the other option there, too? Hmm. The way you can make fun of people definitely has oldest sibling energy to me. So I feel that's. Yeah, I feel that's the answer.
Speaker E: You oldest or youngest? Definitely not.
Speaker A: I was gonna say it could also be youngest because she's got, like, the tough skin that she could take it and then dish it back, you know?
Speaker B: Could be. Could be. But I'm gonna go with eldest.
Speaker I: You are correct. Nice.
Speaker A: She was the oldest.
Speaker I: Yeah. I've got a younger brother who I kick his ass.
Speaker B: I bet you do. That does not shock me.
Speaker E: Yeah, I was thinking, like, oldest or like youngest of twelve. It's like nothing in between.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's right. But hold on, I just see here.
Speaker B: AJ is definitely the youngest sibling, right? Is Gary older than him?
Speaker A: Gary is older, yes. The tweet from AJ up top that says, as a follow up to my thread over the weekend, Ryan Carson, I spoke today. Gary and himself will not be moving forward with their investment in flux. Interesting. So another two of the initial group backing out, I did summon. Emily loves crypto before to talk about delegate cash, but instead of doing that, she dmed me a picture of her checking to see if you were shadow band chamber. And she said, not shadow banned. His tweets just suck. And I was like, wow.
Speaker H: I mean.
Speaker A: Straight to the truth. I mean, you know, but Emily is welcome back to talk about delegation.
Speaker B: I do love my tweets more than everybody else, though, that. I mean, it's not even close.
Speaker A: I mean, we're after time here. But I do want to get to this last one just because I feel like your. Your age is showing here, because this one. This one. Well, this one. I feel like you're just trying to be hipper than you are. Oh, really? Yeah, it's possible. From 07:30 p.m. on the fourth, which was Saturday, a whopping 206 views. This has six likes, but I'm not sure how many of those have come today after I've put these to the top, but it says, if you're not calling hot dogs glizzies, you're missing out. And now, before you defend yourself, here, this tweet to me reads like, hey, look at me, I'm so cool. I call hot dogs glizzies and I'm in the know.
Speaker B: Okay? My intention was, hey, I'm an old guy, okay?
Speaker A: I nailed it.
Speaker B: My kid says glizzies, and since she's been saying glizzies, I've been calling them glizzies. And it's a great time. So basically, it was just like, call out to all the old guys like me or gals. If you're not using the term glizzies, you're missing out. Like, it's a fun word. Saying glizzies instead of hot dogs is way more fun. So it was more of like a public service announcement to anybody old like me that may or may not have kids that aren't having as much fun saying the word glizzies as I am.
Speaker A: Got it. Okay, I do need to go a quick around the horn here before we wrap up. Steve, you calling. You calling hot dogs glizzies yet?
Speaker E: Oh, yeah. I have been, and I'm fully supportive of not only chambers reasoning, but I love. I love this tweet.
Speaker A: Okay, interesting. So we've got a. We've got a pro tweet here. Vicki, are you on Team glizzy?
Speaker I: I'm definitely not. Only because anything that chambers says, I'm in danger of getting cancelled.
Speaker A: Not wrong. Aspiring nobody, team glizzy.
Speaker G: I call them hot dogs. A lot of my friends call them glizzies.
Speaker A: So I need a quick primer here. Twitter bay, though. Are you Team Glizzy or not?
Speaker H: Oh, definitely not. I'm sorry, but that's. That sounds uncool. I mean, I know it comes from some part of the Us, but it sounds weird. It rolls off the tongue weird.
Speaker A: Mister house.
Speaker C: Team Glissy's all the way. And there's a quick counter.
Speaker B: There we go.
Speaker C: It's like, as part of Team Glizzy, I simply could not care less if you disagnolish the term glizzy, because I'm over here in my glizzy world with chamber. We're fucking bumping glizzies, we're eating glizzies, we're drinking.
Speaker I: Oh, wow, that made it sound so wrong.
Speaker E: Oldest child energy right there.
Speaker A: Mackie, clip it.
Speaker D: Oh, oh, yeah, no, I'm already taking a screenshot.
Speaker A: So I am no doubt, I am not surprised. The least surprising thing of this whole episode was Mister House saying he's pro glizzy. I was in the, I was in a space that you were in last night with Juwan and Joe and everything, and you guys were talking about, I think somewhat talking about fashion. I don't know how the topic of jeans came, like denim jeans came up and denim jackets, but I did hear you call something a crispy fit last night. So it is absolutely no surprise to me that you are on Team glizzy. I don't chamber. Do you know where this term originated? Because I don't. I don't know.
Speaker B: I thought, and I don't watch the show and I apparently can't watch. So now I think it's being canceled. I thought it was maybe like a rick and Morty thing, but I might be wrong. I've never watched it, but that if. Yeah, if. Gun to my head, that's what I would have guessed.
Speaker A: I don't know where it comes from. So if anybody on stage knows where it comes from, I. Please.
Speaker G: I don't know where it comes from. I do know a lot of my friends from New York City grew up calling them glizzies. And my friends from this inner cities in my area called them glizzies. So I don't know if it's a city thing, but that's, those are the people I know that call.
Speaker A: I just googled it. I just googled it. A glizzy is a hot dog. It. It was a who's got it? You, mister House. Go for story.
Speaker C: Because I looked back up and I'd heard the word. So my understanding is that like Glocks and street weapons in urban areas are often referred to as glizzies. If you're familiar with the extended clip or magazine also referred to as an extendo. In urban areas such as like DC and Detroit, where DC and New York City, where hot dog vendors are prevalent, they thought it looked more like a hot dog than a banana clip, so they started calling it glizzies. And then people started calling hot dogs glizzies. That was, that was my understanding.
Speaker A: That does appear to be correct. So that during my Google search, that is what I came across. Now I just need to know if a foot long hot dog is an extendo glizzy, is that what we're going with? Does that work? Or like Glizzy Extendo? I don't know, but just, you know, we can.
Speaker B: I like Extendo Glizzy. I mean, I think I feel we need to call it that.
Speaker A: No, I mean, it's gotta be. Are you getting a regular glizzy or an extendo throwback?
Speaker G: Could be. Go go gadget glizzy.
Speaker A: Go go gadget glizzy. I like that.
Speaker I: I'm rewinding the conversation. Didn't this start because Chambers daughter was calling them glizzies now I'm a bit worried.
Speaker A: Chambers did. You better check your gun closet. Chamber.
Speaker B: She said she was hanging out with a group of people. I don't know. She had new gang of friends that she was hanging out.
Speaker A: Yeah, she's like. She's like gang gang. And you thought she meant gutter cat and that.
Speaker B: That's all I know at all.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's it. So all right, we go. We'll go Twitter. Bay, he's at his hand up and then we're shutting this thing down.
Speaker H: Just a pro tip or maybe something you could try out. Chambers and anyone else whenever you tweet. Put it as your pin tweet for some time. It seems to be getting a lot more engagement than just leaving it there. I mean, yours is from 2020, so.
Speaker B: It'S not coming down. I'm sorry, that's good advice, but my pen teeth not coming down until I get to 10 million.
Speaker A: 10 million. Hold on, we've got. So we're going to shut this down in just a second. However, I did see that without Des Sugar, Shane did post some. Some prop bets here. We'll run through them here at the end. Over under number of times chambers 8.1 eth. Check is. Check sale is mentioned over three and a half was plus 210. I feel like we went under.
Speaker B: I feel under.
Speaker A: Yeah, under for a -180 what happens first? Talk about chambers check sale. Talk about proof pass. Under 20 eth, which we did not talk about. Or bunch you talks about Memeland. So the. The favorite there one. So we talked about chambers check sale. Has chamber bought any open editions while on the show? Yes was plus 210. No -120 so no takes it number of.
Speaker D: I did. I did buy my edition.
Speaker A: You bought one. Interesting.
Speaker D: Ruled blank checks.
Speaker A: Don't get me fucking started. Don't get me started.
Speaker D: Keep going with the best.
Speaker A: Keep going. Remember, remember when I said I bounced my jokes off of the cap and Steve group chat? Well, that one had one that didn't make the cut. That's actually what inspired my GM tweet this morning. But anyway, keep going. Number of non hosts to speak over under five and a half. What did we get? We had to Mackie and V squared count.
Speaker E: It's definitely over because there's four right here and then.
Speaker A: All right, so there's the over. The over hits there at -120 bunch. You ends the space before 505. No, we went long today, so. And then someone says that checks are the next punks or Fidenza on the spaces. I actually said they were the next chromie squiggle. So we're going with no on that one. That was close, though. And I'm not sure if anybody won, but those are the official rulings of today's episode that is going to do it for us today. This was a fun one chamber. I think we talked about a lot of fun stuff, a lot of, some good NfT talk, some nice crypto talk. We spread it across the gamut today. Any final words before we get out of here?
Speaker B: I just want to see glizzies on the betting line for next episode.
Speaker A: Oh, it's definitely going to become one of the bingo card items for this show, so I think it is. So thank you for joining us today. Don't forget, hit those reminders for Wednesday, same time, four to five eastern time. Put on a crispy denim jacket, get an extendo glizzy and join us tomorrow morning for coffee with captain at 08:00 a.m. eastern. And until next time, stay mint.
