Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by.
Speaker B: The DGEN community network media for the decentralized generation. If you want to connect or to check out more great NFT and crypto content, go to dgen.net work. That's dgen.net work.
Speaker C: Hello and welcome to the Mint Condition episode 28. I am Joe, aka Bunchu, alongside my esteemed colleagues and co host, Chamber and des Dezdev. Congratulations, buddy. A new papa. First time dad for Des. Congratulations.
Speaker D: Thank you.
Speaker B: I appreciate it.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's been. It's been. It's been a whirlwind week, you know, she came a little bit earlier than expected, but, um. Man, just an incredible experience. And, yeah, we're, um. Me and my wife are doing good, operating on little sleep, but luckily very used to that with, uh, with goats.
Speaker C: So no problems during minting? No, no problems during minting.
Speaker D: No problem.
Speaker B: No problem.
Speaker D: It was an instant reveal. Instant reveal. It definitely costs an eth, that's for sure.
Speaker A: I like Michael's question. Michael had a good question, actually.
Speaker B: Yeah. Did you get all the traits you're looking for? Just snag a rare one.
Speaker C: She came out with laser eyes, which was totally unexpected.
Speaker A: And cheetah fur, for whatever reason.
Speaker C: Cheetah fur, laser eyes. They're actually sending her to the forge right now. Just.
Speaker B: I'd be lying if I didn't have these same thoughts about a month ago when I had a kid, but I thought I was sticking twisted in thinking that. I guess not.
Speaker A: No, that's fine.
Speaker C: No, awesome. So that's good. What? Wife is good?
Speaker D: Yeah. Yeah, totally. What a champ during that entire thing. So, yeah, it's. It's incredible. I know you guys have all been through it yourselves and you know just as much, but, um, it's.
Speaker C: Yeah, Chamber is at the point, chambers at the point of fatherhood, where he likes to pick on new dads. And he was basically preparing you for hell on the night that your child was born, picking on you in the chat.
Speaker A: I don't think I was picking. I said, what did I say? I need.
Speaker C: You said, you ready for this? You made the human, now you have to make the person. No, because as you swig your weed, drink and laugh maniacally.
Speaker A: So hotshot came in, it's like, no big deal. I'm like, well, I said, that's the easy part. I said, make it. What did I say? I said something.
Speaker C: You said you had. You made the human. Now you have to make the person.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker C: That's what I mean. You were probably totally whacked out on your. On your new beverage?
Speaker A: On my electric lettuce.
Speaker C: Exactly. All right, so we have an awesome guest today. We have michael, aka premium carrots, with riot racers. The riot racers drop is happening tonight in a couple hours. So just under 2 hours from now. So we are going to talk all riot racers. Get everybody ready for this drop. I'm super hyped about this. You know, I'm big into the play to earn games. You know, I'm a big axie Infinity guy, and this is probably the most excited I've been for a game coming out since I got involved with axie. So looking forward to talking here about riot racers, giving everybody the information they need to know for drop time in just under 2 hours. So let's start there. So, Michael, let's start with how did you kind of get involved with. With Riot Racers? You. You know, we're doing something differently. And you just kind of joined the team recently. How'd you get involved?
Speaker B: Yeah. Well, thanks for having me on the show, guys. First of all, definitely excited to do this in advance of our drop today. I think it's important that you guys have the show for any project, really get all the appropriate information out to the community. So I came in to the landscape for Zed. Like you said, I'm a big play to earn guy as well. That always spoke to me, especially horse racing. I love horse racing, Irl in the metaverse, whatever. So that's really how I came in. I've done a lot of work for Zed in the analytics department. I have a Twitter account. I pump some of that stuff out, pretty much just trying to help people out, understand the game. There is all the data out there. Not everyone has, like, the tools or the means to access it. So I was trying to bridge that gap for a lot of people. That was back at the end of April. A few weeks later, I found riot, and I was just honestly blown away by the graphic quality and all the cars. I'm a big car guy. So when I saw that, that was my second project that I bought, it was really easy to jump in there. And, you know, that was three or four months ago. I've just really thought that the team was really good. More so than most other projects I've been on. So I just hounded the heck out of them. I just started doing some of their for them, even though they didn't ask and they probably didn't appreciate it. But here we are now, I'm on the team.
Speaker C: That's awesome. That's some good hustle. I like that. If anybody wants to be my intern, just start doing shit for me and eventually I'll hire you. I love it. But yeah, that's awesome. I really love, you know, Chambers got, we'll bring up the website here in a minute. But Chambers got a graphic behind him so you can kind of see how cool the actual graphics for this are.
Speaker A: They are pretty fantastic.
Speaker C: They're pretty awesome. So let's talk about the game and the premise of how the game is going to work to start with. So, you know, we both mentioned kind of play to earn talk about just what the actual game mechanics are going to be like when this actually launches.
Speaker B: Yeah. So I think the easiest comparison to draw is two Zed. Just because there's going to be a lot of crossover and a lot of us are familiar with Zed. So where Zed has a simulation, it's either 1000 or 10,000, I'm not sure in the background that's simulated. And then what we see in real life is one of those randomly chosen what drives. That is, each horse is based on a genetic algorithm and each horse has certain traits or characteristics that would enable them to win. Well, that's how Zed operates. We operate in a little different manner. We are racing based, of course cars, not horses. But our game mechanics are more strategy, more video game esque. So we have 55% of our game is user generated. So at any given race, in advance of the race you'll be presented with about 3000 different, not at one time, of course, but in total there's about 3000 different potential racing conditions that you'll be faced with. So these might be things like track condition and weather and humidity and number of turns and straight. All these different things that would impact a race. You as the car owner, it's up to you to choose the correct strategy and there might be like 1000 or so different strategies for you to choose from. So like I said, a little bit more than half of the game will be based on your strategy put in for those racing conditions and how well does it handle or solve like that puzzle. Basically we have 45% remaining. A majority of that is going to be driven by your car's rating. So when you look on opensea or you look on our marketplace, every car has an xpath and we all start out at our number. Every race that you do, you get one XP. I'm sorry, I'm confusing this. There's XP's and then there's car rating. So every car starts out at a rating. You get upgrades for each car so you can get things such as an ECU chip, exhaust, tires, engine upgrades. All of those components will increase your car's rating. And when in one race, say, with ten or 20 cars, after we get through the strategy, the next largest portion is going to be whose car is rated the highest. We'll have other things built in as well. We want some randomness involved. We don't want the best car to just win all the time because it's the most highest rated. Similar to Zed, how they have some of that variance built in. We're going to build that in as well. A small portion is also going to be a surprise component that we're in the process of building in and are excited to announce in the future.
Speaker C: Cool. That's awesome. So what I like about that and DES, chime in here with your thoughts, because we're all Zed players, but there isn't as much user generated strategy in Zed other than am I entering the horse in the correct race.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker C: So, um, I. I think what's exciting to me about that is, uh, you know, the user strategy that can go into that. What are your thoughts?
Speaker D: Yeah, I think it's super interesting. You know, I think the equivalent rate would be for Zed if you could put blinders on a horse or you could put wraps or give them Lasix right before the race. You know, I think, yeah, I think that would be. That would be totally different and game changing because you have just that more kind of feel and touch. And I think it's really going to appeal to this community that we've always talked about that's been on kind of the edge of this crypto NFT community, which is the DSS community, which is a lot more strategic, a lot more ownership and the moves that they make. And so I think it's a really cool thing. I'm always drawn to racing games and especially something that looks as sleek as this. Like, I don't know, like, don't get me wrong, chickens is going to be great. We had them on our show, but, like, this gets me more excited than chickens. So.
Speaker C: Yeah, look at how cool those look. How cool those cars look.
Speaker A: Are you kidding me right now?
Speaker C: I mean, that's. That's awesome. Uh, so that feels like a steal.
Speaker A: At, like, under an eth. No, just me.
Speaker B: You know, our market has really. It's been unusual just because we've only had about a third of our cars dropped. We're still about a month and a half or so away from game. And, you know, just in the past week, our discord has doubled. So I do think these prices where they are now, not financial advice, of course. These prices where they are now probably aren't going to stay here. We've had some of just kind of a flat market for a little while. But like, like you said, when you look at these cars and how good they look, this is not going to stay this way.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's for certain.
Speaker A: Jeff, a recommendation for me to just, like, ape in right now. Like, was that car I was on, like, was that a good one for, like.
Speaker C: Well, hold on, before we get there, because I would love you to live ape on the show, and I am not going to happening.
Speaker A: This is Poly.
Speaker C: Oh, well, hold on, let's get.
Speaker B: This is just. Oh, is it currently on open sea? You're right, it is on. On poly. Our net, our market still aim.
Speaker A: I just can't ape as hard as I want.
Speaker B: You just gotta take all those breeding fees and. Right.
Speaker C: So the marketplace tonight, though, that will be Eth.
Speaker B: Yeah, our marketplace gonna be. Ethan, the thing that we did really, in building out a marketplace, we've had trouble on opensea drops in the past. I don't think that that's anomalous. Right. We've heard that from many projects. It became a focus of ours to really build out a new marketplace for our users for a couple of reasons. One, because of just the issues that we had on Os, but also, we don't want. We kind of want to eliminate gas wars. So we're taking almost the Zed approach where you're going to come to our marketplace, you're going to click on, like, one cardinal, but it's not going to be a mint directly from a contract where everyone's jamming that. And we're going to have to pump it up to, like, two or $3,000 at least in the past couple weeks to be successful on that mint. You're just going to. You're going to pay the gas fees consistent with you transacting, say, like, wallet to wallet or just sending or transferring money.
Speaker C: Got it. Okay, so just backtrack just a little bit. So chamber was showing opensea listings. Right. So for those who are not familiar, tonight is not your first drop. Correct. So walk us through what's already been released and how that, and what the difference between that and tonight is.
Speaker B: Yeah, so we've had two drops, two and a half drops. Tonight's our third drop. Everything that we have on OS is from our original couple drops. It's all part of our Genesis collection.
Speaker A: Out of how many total drops?
Speaker B: So we're low mint. We're only going to have 3333 total cars.
Speaker C: Wow.
Speaker B: And so far we've had 952 drop. Tonight we're going to do another 700, which will put us a little bit over half of our Genesis collection. And then we'll have about two more drops to release the remaining cars. And out of those 3000 plus cars, we actually have 25 different models. The ones you see in Opensea are about. I think there's about nine or ten in there now. So we have cars like a ferocious. Which is Lamborghini equivalent. Um, we have a kind of an old Chevy, we have a volkswagen bug. We have like all these really cool looking cars. But if you guys look at what's to come tonight, we're just blowing it out. A large night. We have Shelby Cobra, we have a c three Corvette coming. We have an e 46, m three. We just have all these awesome, awesome cars coming out. I'm really excited about this.
Speaker C: That's awesome. So when you say that it's low mint 3300 cars, that's in the Genesis. Genesis collection. So will there be more in the future as the game expands? And these will be, you know, Genesis cards and you'll have subsequent drops.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. When Lambo, that's old school right there. Right now is our genesis. We do have future plans for more collections, but like you said or alluded to, that's definitely going to be dependent on racing volume. How many users we actually have. Is there really like a need for more cars?
Speaker C: Got it.
Speaker B: Right. My hope is yes, just because we have a great platform, we have a good dev team, we have really great graphics and visuals. I think we're going to create a game that's going to be equitable for everyone and something that draws people back time and time again.
Speaker C: Yeah. Awesome. So, I mean, for me, when I hear 3300 cars and your discord doubled in a day, in a week, I'm thinking, I better ape really, really hard this evening. Right. So, like, I mean, that's kind of, that's. How is that what? I saw your light bulb go off, Des, when he said 3300 cards. Is that kind of the same thing you were thinking?
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, that's not a lot for, for the demand out there right now. And like, I, you know, it goes back to the quality that you guys are putting out. Like, you know, I know there have been a couple rugs in the past couple weeks and stuff like this team is clearly going to give their all because the quality is already so good. And, you know, it makes me put that much more faith into it. Yeah. And at 3300 mint cars, that is especially, like, the variety you guys are doing, 25 models. Like, it's not 3300 supercars. It's so, like, if you want a supercar, and, you know, there's not many of them. And so, yeah, that light bulb did go off. I will probably be going as hard as I can.
Speaker C: Not even that. Right, right. I'm like. I'm like, maybe we shouldn't have done this episode because. Because there's only 700 dropping tonight. Right. So, you know, I could see it reminds me early Zed days where, you know, we're getting shut out of drops left and right, and so that's interesting. So be ready.
Speaker B: Every time I listen to you, all I hear is that each episode becomes more and more expensive for you as you tape in during the show. Let's get it going. Come on.
Speaker C: It's totally true. And I end up spending so much money after these live drop episodes, and that most of the time, they've worked out very nicely. At Jenkins, the valet may be the only one that that didn't. And that one, you know, that's a long hold for me. The world.
Speaker A: I made money on that flip.
Speaker C: Yeah, you did. The world isn't ready for. For what they're doing yet, so. Well, I'm holding mine, but that's gonna.
Speaker B: Be one of my biggest bags. I missed out on the mint, and I had to get in secondary. I'm. I'm eating some sacks right there.
Speaker A: Yeah, I feel heavy. I feel heavy on a couple, too. I got. I got real heavy on glue factory. I still like a good. I have a good feeling about it still.
Speaker C: But I got very vegan glue factory.
Speaker A: I got a lot of those. And then all those. Those nice drips. They were like, point. They were. .3 I got so many of them.
Speaker C: You and I went, like, ridiculous.
Speaker A: Nobody got them. Like, I still stand behind them. I'm like, these are, like, cool. Like, it's still cool.
Speaker C: So I ended up with, like, a 100 rarity one. And, you know, I used all my mint luck on that. But anyway, so, yeah, my wife.
Speaker D: My wife's gonna kill me. But I did tell her this today, but there was, like, 20 nfps I bought in the labor and delivery room.
Speaker A: Well, it's a long time. It's like 12 hours. What are you supposed to do?
Speaker D: I am way up on that.
Speaker A: College paid for.
Speaker C: That's so funny.
Speaker B: We have a dj in hall of Fame. That we can get you the first nominee.
Speaker C: So it's funny story about that. My wife was in labor and this was in January. So this was before I was full, full degen. I was still doing the physical trading card collectibles, right? So I was buying into like sports card breaks all the time. And in the living room or in the labor and delivery room, she's just like, you know, waiting around and sleeping on and off. And I joined a live pack break and I'm watching it on my phone and I hit a Aaron Rogers rookie card next to my desk. And it's. It's probably like a $1200 card and we'll never forget it because it was the night that. The day my son was born. So it's really funny. So I can relate to that.
Speaker B: Des, I think we can all explain away as we need to pay for hospital bills somehow.
Speaker C: Yeah, of course.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: What are you guys talking about?
Speaker C: Basically? Yeah.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker B: You're in Canada.
Speaker A: Guys are getting. You guys are getting roped over there. Come on.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's funny.
Speaker A: Hospital bills.
Speaker C: So we had a couple questions in the chat that I want to get into here. So we did mention there's going to be 25 different models, but there's different tiers of car as well. Right. So it's not just 25 different models of all the same cardinal. There are different tier levels. So similar to Zed.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker C: Where you have different bloodlines and xy, you know, things like that. There are different car tiers, correct.
Speaker B: Yeah. So for the Zed folk, I like to translate it. If we're looking at, say, genesis Buterin that would be consistent with our rookie cars and kind of do that walk up until you get to z one, z two. Genesis, Nakamoto. And that would be consistent with our legendary cars. With regards to us, we have seven classes rookie all the way up to legendary. Each one has a different price associated to it. And those prices we pegged in at the beginning of the project to the us dollar, they're staying there. We're just always going to convert it over to ETH for our drop. So our lowest level, which is a rookie, is always going to be 25 us dollar. It's what we call our fair entry strategy. We just always want it to be an approachable market. Even as these things go up in value in the secondary market, we always want to draw in new people and just have it accessible to everyone. So from rookie up, legendary at the highest level, I think it's like $3,000. So maybe a little bit shy of an ETH. But with regards to racing, each of these different classes has a rating or an XPath tied to it. And a rookie one is going to start out at zero, rally at 100, goes up to 1000. Whatever bucket you're in, that bucket allows you to enter specific races. So if you're at a rookie, you might be limited or cap to say like one through ten dollar races or one through five dollar races. As you race and you earn xp points for each race, that number rises. You can go from a rookie car at dollar 25 up points, which is where legendary would be. And now you can enter legendary races where they may be 75, $100 a race. Throughout our different classes, we also are going to have some type of like tiered structure. So in addition to entry to more or less expensive races, we're big on community. We're going to want to do things like loot boxes and airdrops. And depending on where you are in those seven classes, might change the quality or quantity that you'd receive on either a loot box or an airdrop. And then of course, our favorite thing, rarity, up at legendary, if we're looking at say like an airbender, our rarest car, legendary airbender, it makes up about 15 or 0.15% of our entire car population. Whereas at the other end on a rookie, say like a rookie storm chaser, I think that's our least rare cardinal. I don't know offhand, but I want to say maybe about two and a half, 3% of population. So you got three things there that are going to change throughout the classes that are going to be consistent with the prices that you're going to pay for them. And then also as you go up through the classes, we get different paint jobs on them or paint colors. So when you're looking at that constellation opensea, that thing has an awesome looking paint color. Down at rookie, we're going to have maybe more matte basic colors. And as you ramp up into pro and legendary, they're going to be all kind of crazy, like skins on them or colors on them.
Speaker C: Cool. So what I like about that is you can enter at a price point that fits your budget and work your way up to the highest level in the game.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: And just, just to be clear, too, because I pay, I don't pay a lot of attention because I'm doing a million things and I'm taking phone calls from pizza places that are calling me to confirm my order.
Speaker C: What kind of pizza place calls to confirm your order?
Speaker A: They were out of. They were out of root beer and they wanted to know what they could replace it with.
Speaker C: Oh, my God.
Speaker A: So I told them orange and cream soda.
Speaker B: Those are all classics right there. Chamber.
Speaker A: This is embarrassing. So just, just to be clear, so obviously, you can pay those different tiers. Are you buying a specific car at that tier or is it a randomized. You know what I mean? Is it randomized at dollar 25?
Speaker C: Oh, that's good. No.
Speaker B: So we don't take the approach of like, a randomized mint and reveal, you know, what you're buying. Again, kind of similar zed. Like, if you're going to buy a z ten butte, same thing. You're going to buy a rookie car from us.
Speaker A: It's going to be cinnabar or whatever.
Speaker B: Yeah. So if we're looking at, say, in this upcoming drop, we have, like, trailblazer, which is our kind of an e 46 m three equivalent. There's going to be different classes. You can actually go in our marketplace, find that cardinal and that specific class and then go try to buy it. So you know exactly what you're getting ahead of time before you purchase it.
Speaker C: That's interesting. So, yeah, so you can actually target what you want. Now, you've been involved in a couple of these drops previously, correct?
Speaker B: I have, yeah.
Speaker C: So what would you say for some people wanting to get in tonight? What are some tips on how to navigate through the marketplace and what they, you know, to get what they want?
Speaker B: So, well, tonight is the launch of our marketplace, whereas in the past has been like, Opensea. So it will be a little bit different. My best advice is going to be to really identify what you want to buy, whether that's a racetrack land or an annihilator rookie or, you know, you want, like, a legendary venom, whatever the case may be, just target that one item and then add it to your cart and go try to buy it. So, like the mechanics within our marketplace, it's going to be almost like Opensea listing. They'll just be like one central page that has everything. There'll be toggles at the top so you can toggle through our different car classes and our different car models. And then when you find what you're looking for, there'll just be an add to cart button. So press the add to cart button. There'll be a captcha. Get through your captcha. It's in your cart. Boom. Now it's yours. No one can take it. You'll now have the ability to stress free. Finish your transaction there, and you won't be paying as exorbitant gas fees.
Speaker A: Once you complete the captcha, it's yours.
Speaker B: Well, as long as you complete payment.
Speaker A: As long as you complete payment.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay. You don't need to worry about getting sniped from you.
Speaker A: Good.
Speaker B: You don't need to worry about like canceling your transaction kind of like a madman because you think the mint's gone and don't, right?
Speaker A: 100%. I know exactly what that feeling is. Now, you mentioned the cart, like when I do, you know, when I shop online, I can, you know, I add multiple items to my cart is. I'm assuming you can't do that with this.
Speaker B: No. So you can. We kind of approach this sort of like, you know, Amazon, I guess you can add other things to your cart. You'll be timed, though. You have a limit until you can complete your transaction. And we do have limits on the different items that we're dropping to. So if you want like a car or you want, say you want, we're limiting to one. If you want a car, I think we're limited to three. So just keep in mind that we do have certain restrictions, but you can then go transact and pay and be done.
Speaker C: Got it. So chamber, why don't you bring up the website slash marketplace just so people can see kind of what it might look like for later this evening. And then in the meantime, while he's doing that, do we know the exact number of each style that looking at tonight? Like how many rookie, how many legendary? Just so people could have an idea.
Speaker B: Yeah. So over in our discord, we have this really nice car kind of infographic that breaks this all down. So it breaks it at a car level. We don't. I don't think we have it at a class level. So we have like our pricing broken out class. But just as an example, I can link this if you guys want to pull this up. This will show all of our different models that we have the classes and amounts, but we're going to have in excess of 100 5200 rookies. And that number will kind of wind down as you go up in the rarity tiers. Can you pull up that link?
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm pulling it up now.
Speaker B: Okay. And then these are also all of our cars that are to be dropped tonight. A lot of these are new models. We're pretty excited about them. We can speak to some of them. You might have to zoom in on this a little bit. Also, when we do go back to the marketplace, if it's not showing anything currently, I think we can just toggle off to view everything. So starting at the top, we have a Pandora. So this is a totally new model for us as of this drop. This is kind of modeled after Pantera. Ditomaso Pantera. It's like a car from the eighties. I don't know if you guys remember that.
Speaker A: I remember those.
Speaker B: Yeah, they're badass. They kind of look like a Lamborghini almost when you see them on the road. So that's brand new car. Our storm chaser is one of our tried and true that's been through our couple drops. So these are actually the remaining storm chasers. I believe that we're going to be dropping tonight. So there's only 25 more in the game. If you want one of those, gotta go grab one tonight.
Speaker A: So I didn't. Okay. I didn't realize this. So there are. You can get a Pandora. It won't just be a legendary. You can get a legendary, or you can get a pro or you can get really anything between.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: Okay, cool. That's interesting.
Speaker B: You pick your tier, and then each of those tiers have a different price associated to it. Of course. So has that pricing been released?
Speaker D: Are you guys. Because this is your first marketplace drop. Right.
Speaker B: So, yeah. So let me go over those prices quick. So rookie is going to be 0.008 ETH, a rally zero four ETH driver, 0.08 ETH tracker, 0.16, an arrow 0.24, a pro 48, and a legendary 0.96. And as we hear those prices, it's important to know, like, secondary prices. As an example, our rookie floor is like, 0.16. And I was looking earlier, it's a thin floor. There were only, like, two or three more cars until that thing was. .2 that was as of this morning. I know last night we had a pretty big sale. Somebody bought a ferocious legendary for, like, three east. And honestly, that's probably a great price there.
Speaker C: Dang. All right, maybe you should go ape right now and buy up those excited over those rookie floors. That's funny. Yeah, no, I thought the same thing. Chamber. So it's cool. So if you like a particular style of car here, you will have options. You won't have to go get something that may be, you know, out of your price range, per se, and still have the option to get the model that you like. Which is.
Speaker A: Right. Like, you can get a rookie look like this panther here, which is obviously, like a Corvette style vehicle.
Speaker B: Yeah. So shout out to George, our graphic, our artist. He. He makes all these. Obviously, he's very good at what he does. But that right there is his baby. That's one of his favorite cars ever.
Speaker A: It's like a 76. What is that? That's nice.
Speaker B: It's a c three. Yeah. Probably like an early 70 stingray. I'm not sure the exact year, but that thing is sweet.
Speaker C: That's awesome. So. So I would say if you're looking at this and you're looking to buy tonight, identify what your price range is, identify what your cardinal model that you would like is. And then I would say filter for that style and price range. Because, you know, with so many models and so many different levels, you know, the time that it would take to kind of just go look through everything, you might miss out just from experience doing these types of drops.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker C: So I would say identify the things that you're interested in first. And I filter for those, and that would be my approach here.
Speaker B: So 100%, I think it's important for everyone to have realistic expectations. We're dropping, like 900 tonight. I know it's going to be a busy market. If you're trying to go for like, three or four items, don't have your hopes up. If that doesn't happen. Definitely just try to target one, one item and we'll have another drop in a few weeks, probably. So you can always wait till then or hit up the secondary market.
Speaker C: Okay, so I want to des, did you have something to say?
Speaker D: I'm so ready for pain tonight. I just know it's not going to go away.
Speaker A: My body is ready for pain.
Speaker C: That's really funny. So wait, bring up this question from Subita boys.
Speaker D: Is that venom blur intentional, by the way? That gets me excited as hell.
Speaker B: It is. Let's touch on that in a second.
Speaker C: So this one here says, the faq says we'll have 15 minutes before the drop to add a product to the cartae before the drop. Is that correct?
Speaker B: So. So basically how it works is once you add a car or a piece of land to your cart, there's a timer that begins immediately. That timer is 15 minutes. That's for you to complete the payment.
Speaker C: Got it.
Speaker B: So that's generous, right? If you can't complete in 15 minutes, it's going to be.
Speaker C: But, so as long as you have it in your cart and complete that captcha and the timer starts, that's yours.
Speaker B: It's not going.
Speaker C: So it's not like, it's not like you're going to have 15 minutes before the drop to add stuff. The drive is going drop timer is going to go to zero. At 07:00 the marketplace will show up. You will put your items into the cart, fill the captcha, and then from there, you will have 15 minutes to complete the transaction. Correct?
Speaker B: Yep. Absolutely. And at 07:00 eastern time, when the drop starts, it's best to refresh the page. You don't need to do a hard refreshed. You can just, you know, control r refresh the page, and then you're up. Go get your cars. I truly expect every item to be gone within three to five minutes. So quick figures. Just go at it.
Speaker C: This is already giving me anxiety.
Speaker A: I'm so glad the camera ends right here.
Speaker C: Okay, so, all right, that's a.
Speaker D: Did someone say land? Hold up.
Speaker C: Hold on. I'm going there next.
Speaker A: I'm going to pull that up.
Speaker C: So the. I just want to re explore really quick before we get to that land, how the game mechanics work on.
Speaker D: We shouldn't have done the show.
Speaker C: We shouldn't have done it.
Speaker D: 100% we shouldn't have done the show.
Speaker C: We're about halfway through this. I do want to make a point here. We are giving away a car. We didn't actually talk about that at the top. So if you're watching now, we're giving away a car. We're actually giving away two. One is from a discord giveaway that riot racers was doing in their discord. So we'll draw the winner for that. The other one is chamber. If you want to drop those links, we're giving away one as well. And all you got to do is go retweet these links, and you'll be entered to win, and we will draw the winner at the end of the show here. So just go retweet any of those links there, and you'll be entered to win. So now the second half here. So, all right, we're playing the game now. We're going to. We've got our cars, and we're gonna go enter some races. So the way the mechanic works here, is it similar to Zed, where you're gonna pick your race type based on your class? And you mentioned there's a cap based on your class and all that. And then you're gonna pay your entry fee, you're gonna race, and then you get, you know, you either win place, show, I guess, or 1st, 2nd, 3rd. That's how you're gonna get paid out. Correct? Is that accurate?
Speaker B: Yeah. So, again, if I draw this to Zed, Zed has, like, the racing element. They have the passive income of breeding. Right? So we have the racing element. Of course, the racing element is going to be 50% to the winner, and then 25, 25 to second and third. How you enter the race and how you succeed in the race is now partly due to that kind of breeding or passive aspect of Zed. And that's where, for us, land assets coming. So every time that you're going to enter a race, you fill up for gas at a gas station. We all want gas stations, right? But they're just crazy expensive. So you fill up for gas at a gas station. The amount you fill up is going to be consistent with the race entry fee, depending on the class of car you have. Rookie up to legendary, you can actually only race at specific racetracks based on those classes. So now people own gas stations, people own those racetracks. And then in order to be successful at racing, you need to bump your cars rating up by getting upgrades. So we'll be like, airdropping and having giveaways on upgrades. And then also you're going to be buying upgrades, and those upgrades are bought at mechanic shops. So those three land pieces, the racetrack land, the mechanic shops, and the gas stations, they all have to interact with the cars, and they all have to be used in order for racing to occur. It's one big life cycle, basically. And because you're such an important part of racing by owning that land, this is now where our, like, breeding or passive income component comes in. So now, by owning this land, not only are you owning some of the rarest assets in the game, you get to name your assets depending on which ones you have. You might get a discount on items, but you're also going to get an RRS. So RRS is riot rewards, share, and then basically the asset that you own and based on when you purchased it, we're going to be giving out a percent of your drop purchase price back to you. And again, we're going to call it an RRS.
Speaker C: Interesting. So now let's. Let's just break it down here. So you got. So there's no racetracks dropping tonight, correct?
Speaker B: No, there's actually 200 racetrack land pieces.
Speaker C: Oh, two race, 200 racetrack land pieces.
Speaker B: So we have seven racetracks, but we're divvying up each of those racetracks into, like, we're fractionalizing it basically into pieces of land. So instead of, you know, we only had seven racetracks. Right. How much we're gonna charge for one of those things? So we're gonna break. We're gonna break it apart. And now you can own a fraction or a piece of a racetrack that everyone has to go on and race that.
Speaker C: Interesting. And so that person's getting, the racetrack owners getting a percentage of entry fee, is that correct or is essentially, yeah.
Speaker B: So what we're doing for each of these items so that there aren't, there isn't any type of, like, favoritism, any entry fees into through gas stations and racetrack land, we're going to consider one big pool and then divvy it out. Right. So, like, if we have 20 gas stations and two of them get 80% and the remaining 18 get 20%, we don't want that to happen. So we're just going to normalize it and just do an even distribution out for everyone. Same with the racetrack land and same with the mechanic shop.
Speaker C: Got it. And then. So, in theory. So, okay, so let me just think about the hierarchy here. So the gas stations then are the most rare land item, is that correct?
Speaker B: Yeah. So we only have 20 gas stations in our genesis collection. They've dropped tonight. They're dropping at 4.4 eth. Our last drop was 3.3. We've only had three sales on the secondary market, and each of those three sales was ten eth. And ten eth isn't. That's not nearly enough. Like, once this game is in full bloom, I fully anticipate those gas stations to be 30, 40. I mean, there's going to be a pretty high price on them.
Speaker C: Got it. Okay, so, and that. So that's the most rare then, would you say it's the mechanic shops?
Speaker B: As far as land assets go, it's going to be a gas station, mechanic shops, racetrack land. But within racetrack land, we have the same class system that we do with cars. So you can have a rookie racetrack land all the way up to a legendary. And they're going to hold different rarity values and different rrss.
Speaker C: Got it.
Speaker B: Interesting.
Speaker C: So the rarer your land asset is. Sorry. The racetrack asset is the more RRS you would receive back.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker C: Now, so what does in this may be public, it may not be, but what, in theory, is the return on something like a gas station land, if somebody was able to snag one of those.
Speaker B: So all this is outlined in our white paper gas stations. We are providing 100% RRS based on your purchase price, based on when you at which drop. You got it. That's for year one. Our next most attractive asset is going to be mechanic shop, which is going to be a 50% rs. And our higher end land is going to be somewhere around there as well. That's year one. But the cool thing is, as we move forward, in theory, as we build this game out and become bigger, with more racing volume, these rrS's could go up. And, of course, at the inverse, with. With less racing volume, they would be down. This is all part of the Genesis collection. We consider all of our assets forward compatible. So if you own a Genesis asset, you're gonna. You're gonna get RRS from all cars circulating in the game. If, say, we have, like, a collection two that comes out and we have a collection two gas station, your rs is only gonna be from collection two gas station, and that's how we're gonna operate. So it's better to get in early. We always, you know, we're. We're people that come from all different projects and participate in projects regularly. So we appreciate the concept of rewarding the early adopters, and that's really what we hope to do in the. In this Genesis collection.
Speaker C: Super interesting, Des, does that make you excited about land assets? You're muted, of course.
Speaker D: Yeah. Really feeling like we shouldn't have done the show, but.
Speaker A: You got a. You got a carte blanche today.
Speaker B: It's now I'm like.
Speaker D: I'm, like, trying to. In my head, trying to figure out, like, who. What family members I can call to help me purchase land, gas stations and cars separately at the same time.
Speaker C: Yeah, there's. I mean, there's only three gas stations dropping tonight. Correct. So it's gonna be. It's gonna be hard. We might have to pull a mint condition. Yeah.
Speaker D: I mean, 1111 east. That's. Yeah, we can. Yeah, we can talk about that.
Speaker B: So, Des, it's funny you say that. I sent my. My parents the ape and pony show, and I went to their house the other day. They said, so we're all gonna, like, pool together and get a gas station. Right? I didn't think they understood what. What these are. And they already want a gas station.
Speaker A: That's amazing.
Speaker C: Yeah. That's funny. So. So now, just to be clear, the 100% RRS. So if somebody went today and bought a gas station off the secondary market for ten e what they would be expecting, and that 100% RRS is actually what the purchase price was. Right. So it would be the 3.3 eth as a minimum return off of that asset, correct.
Speaker B: Yeah. So we have it all tied out in our white paper. It's always going to be tied to a table that we have in our white paper that is also tied to ETh. At a certain dollar, we'll do the math to make sure that it's reconciled the appropriate amount. But if you purchase a gas station in the secondary market at ten ETH, you're not going to receive 100% of that. It would be a fraction. But again, you're getting the rarest asset in the game, probably at an attractive price.
Speaker C: Yeah. I just want to make sure that nobody goes and buys a ten e asset thinking they're getting ten eth back. Because otherwise, why not, right?
Speaker B: Absolutely. Thank you. And to clarify on my gas station story, I can't or I'm not allowed to participate in a drop, so I will not actually be going after a gas station.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker A: Your parents can, right?
Speaker C: Yeah, you're right.
Speaker B: They can navigate their way around. Sure.
Speaker C: Your dad's going to be like, I got a gas station.
Speaker A: We got a good question from Kranz. Are racetrack prices the same no matter what the class rarity? And is it random, what you get, or can you choose the rarity?
Speaker B: Yeah, great question. So the racetrack land prices are going to be on a scale based on class, kind of similar to. Our cars are same with the rarity at each class. There's going to be a different rarity tied to it and a different RRS tied to it. What was the rest of that question? I'm not sure if I touched on.
Speaker A: I took it down too quickly.
Speaker B: No. So just like cars, you can go into the marketplace and actually pick what you are looking for.
Speaker A: Will there be a sleazy salesman popping up on the screen at any point?
Speaker C: You kind of look like you belong at that gas station.
Speaker A: They kicked me out, man. Hey, y'all need a. Y'all need a fill up chamber?
Speaker B: Just needs one of those inflatable, wacky, wavy people, right?
Speaker C: Yeah, exactly. Exactly. That's funny. So you mentioned that the gas station price would be 4.4 eth. What about the mechanic shop and land asset?
Speaker B: So, mechanic shops point 70th and then the land asset. We're actually. This isn't a fair entry strategy by any means, but we are trying to price our land assets favorably. So our rookie land asset is at 0.2, Ethan. So we're trying to make it approachable for everyone. Still, we recognize that is still expensive, but relative to some of the prices out there, we feel it's a bargain or it's pretty cheap.
Speaker C: Yeah, I would say so. Especially. I mean, go try to buy axy land and see what that costs. You go try to buy. I mean, even sandbox land, it's probably. It's very similar to what's going on there?
Speaker B: And go buy an art block.
Speaker C: Yeah, right. Exactly. That. That's awesome. So, uh, chamber, what other questions do you have here? Uh, I feel like, you know, we're ragging on you a little.
Speaker A: I love it. That's part of the entertainment, right?
Speaker C: CJ says as long as they have root beer at the gallery.
Speaker A: Listen, C Jack's been on me all freaking episode. This guy better be shredded. C Jacks, you better have, like, an eight pack, because you talk. You're talking shit. A lot of shit today.
Speaker C: I miss CJack's cool cat profile. What does he have now? I don't even know what that is. It looks like some kind of narwhal something.
Speaker A: Gnarly narwhals.
Speaker C: Yeah. So do you have any other. Other questions here? What are you most excited about for this drop? Are you even going to make it? Do you think you're GMI.
Speaker A: Am I gonna make it?
Speaker C: Yeah, I'm talking to you. I can't.
Speaker A: There's, like, four people on the screen.
Speaker C: I addressed you specifically.
Speaker A: I apologize. That was on me. I mean, I'm gonna. My strategy, I'm not sure. I'm thinking all the way to the top for legendary, but I'll probably end up doing, like, a tier or two down from there and just maybe pick up multiples in there.
Speaker C: Triples is best.
Speaker A: Triples is always. It's safer. It's safer as far as the, like, you know, I want to make. I think my strategy is going to be three, because I've been thinking about this. I'm like, do you just make one and then try to get that one? Because there's only 700 or so that are going to be dropping. I think if what Michael's saying is accurate. And as soon as I lock one into my, you know, I capture that one and it's in my cart. In my cart. And it stays there for 15 minutes. I feel I have 15 minutes to load up two more and capture those and get them in my cart. I might be wrong, but I feel like if I can get three, because you said a max of three in my cart, is that right?
Speaker B: Max of three cars.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Cars, yes.
Speaker A: So I think I might do, like a max three. And as long as I keep capturing them and locking them into the cart, I'm good, right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So I think that's my strategy. I think that's my strategy.
Speaker B: Settle within that time. And also, you know, don't forget, you're going to be competing against however many, you know, a couple thousand people. But, yeah, there's really no reason not to have that strategy. Lock in something and then go see if you can snipe anything else for sure.
Speaker A: I think that's the way.
Speaker B: Just looking at our prices too, you know, an arrow, which is the third tier down.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Is like 0.20.24 east.
Speaker A: That's what I was. Yeah.
Speaker B: Arrows. A great buy. There's some arrows in the secondary market that are like north of one. It's definitely goodbye.
Speaker C: Des, what are you, what are you going for on this drop? Where, what excites you about it? What are you.
Speaker A: Full race?
Speaker C: Yeah, Des is going to go buy 200 land items.
Speaker D: I mean, I do have one question. All right, so as far as timing on alpha beta testing, Sims Racing, where are we at with that?
Speaker B: Yeah, so what currently we are about one and a half, two months out from having our first stage of racing, which would be simulation results. And then what our hope is is a couple months after that is to kind of mimic Zed and have our 3d replay. So if you look at our roadmap, I think we might be like a month behind that maybe. But really the focus for us in the past weeks has been building out this marketplace. You know, I've said it before, we're not, we're not a company or a group that's here to do drops.
Speaker C: Right?
Speaker B: We're a racing game, but in order to get to that point, we need to do the drops. So we really focus a lot of our dev kind of capital on building out this marketplace. Now this marketplace is built, we have a good community, have all these awesome cars out. It's a thousand percent throttled up to go get the sim done and get it out to market so we can all start racing.
Speaker C: Awesome. So when you say sim there, all of the kind of in game strategy will then be done. Prior to that, it's not going to be something that's live while the actual thing is going on. Correct?
Speaker B: I. Yeah. Right. So it's all done pre race. You'll choose everything and then you'll have racing output. I'm not sure the time, say like five minutes, maybe less, you'll have racing output and then again down the road will have our 3d replay.
Speaker C: Got it?
Speaker B: Yeah, that's where we stand now. And I think a lot of projects, you know, we're all excited about the future of the space, but we are too. And, you know, our hope is at some point we're going to be ar, we're going to be VR, we're going to be aaaena again. We're like, we're a card game, right? What was the last one?
Speaker A: We're gonna be Triple A. Yeah.
Speaker C: You don't know that term? A gaming or triple A game?
Speaker A: I'm an old man.
Speaker C: Jesus.
Speaker A: Later. Leave me alone.
Speaker C: Who invited this guy?
Speaker A: Listen, I don't get all your american terms all the time. I'm sorry. You know, I apologize for my canadianness.
Speaker C: I like how Des didn't say anything. He just took his hat.
Speaker A: Yeah. Just embarrassment. Sheer embarrassment.
Speaker C: He's like, wow, I can't believe I agreed to do this show. Like, they don't even pay me anything.
Speaker D: Wait, what?
Speaker C: Oh, sorry, you're not getting paid anymore. So wait, there was a good question here from. All right, you're not the only one.
Speaker A: Andrew Jacobson might be another one of my.
Speaker C: Yeah, Andrew Jacobson.
Speaker B: So my at the simplest or highest level, you know, AAA game is essentially what we're going to be playing on a larger platform or format. Be like PC, Xbox, something. Right. Something on like a bigger engine, unreal engine, something like that. Bigger, you know, bigger game user kind of controls instead of like a replay thing. What we're watching now in our second phase is really more. It's that it's a 3d replay. And I think that's awesome for now because we are participating in a simulation and then we're watching. It kind of played back to us. But our hope is to take these really, really great looking cars and actually make it more into a video game that we have that level of equity or ownership in it that each of us do by buying these cars and pieces of land.
Speaker C: That's awesome. There was a question I want to make sure we address here. Carlos, bring up Carlos's question because I think, yeah, we need clarification. Yes. Because the answer, I believe, is no. Correct?
Speaker B: Yeah. Everything is just in. So if you're like coming from Zed, unwrap your we. It's just all eth Mainnet.
Speaker A: So only secondary market for matic, correct?
Speaker B: Yeah. On Opensea secondary for now. But we are also launching riot token. So you'll be able to transact everything in riot token off of ETH. I have been told breaking news here. I've been told that our venom has been launched. So this is the car that we've been keeping under wraps. So do I have a picture of it? Because this thing is amazing. Yeah. Let me so head to our marketplace. Let's see if it's up in the marketplace and if nothing, we can check open c. I'm being told it's in the marketplace. Okay, let's get a look at this thing. I've only seen this a couple times. I'm really, really excited about this. If you're not sure what you want to pick up in the drop, this is going to be it.
Speaker A: Get this one.
Speaker D: Oh, my gosh. That thing's crazy looking.
Speaker C: Where is it?
Speaker D: Just do it. No, just do a show. You have to unselect. Show only available.
Speaker B: Yeah, do the toggle. Undo both toggles.
Speaker A: Oh, I see.
Speaker B: And then find venom in the middle.
Speaker D: Dude, that thing is so tron like. Oh, my God.
Speaker B: Yeah. Head over to the right chamber.
Speaker C: Yep.
Speaker B: There you go. So this is going to be our only bike in our genesis collection. Like Desa. Definitely. Very tron like. This thing is awesome. George spent a lot of time developing this. We wanted to bring in some type of bike or motorcycle or something, and we had trouble settling where until we came up with this idea. And now everyone's just all in on venom. Venom is definitely one of our cooler items that we're releasing.
Speaker C: How many venoms were there?
Speaker D: Not enough.
Speaker B: So in this drop, we're going to have 35, 42 venoms in this drop.
Speaker A: Eleven arrows.
Speaker B: Maybe like a third. Call the third, maybe a little bit less of our total venom population.
Speaker C: Awesome.
Speaker B: Cool.
Speaker A: Alpha is air. An arrow. Venom.
Speaker B: Arrow. Venom. And that's it.
Speaker A: Right off the top.
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. Hey, that's supposed to be reserved for the war room. I thought you can't do that, right?
Speaker A: For the three people that are watching.
Speaker C: Not many people know about the DJ war room. And there more people should. Uh. The DJ network has a discord. If you go to our Twitter page, I think there's a link to it. Uh, we have what we call the NFT war room there. We share a whole bunch of, uh, info as we find it on different drops.
Speaker A: And it gets wild in there.
Speaker C: Sometimes it gets wild during minting. I can't wait to see what it's like during tonight. I can't wait to see what it's like in an hour from now.
Speaker A: And I think we might. And that might not be available to everyone right away. In a little bit, we might be.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah. We might be gating. So gating grandfathered in, but awesome. So I think that's a good place to probably stop. We're going to do our giveaways here. But before we do. So, Michael, what, if anything, did we miss that? You want to make sure that we talk about where can people. Where are people minting tonight? And just give us one more rundown of that.
Speaker B: Yeah. Well, let's head back to the marketplace where everyone will be minting because that venom bad boy is a video. So we gotta press play.
Speaker A: Hang on a sec, I'll add that back.
Speaker B: But we're gonna be going, I think, can we post links or somewhere? So we have our new app and website built out. The marketplace is now integrated into that. So that will really be everyone's home. We have the links in our discord. We'll link them after the show, but all of your cars will be housed in this app. You'll have a garage. You'll be able to go in there and name your cars. Take a look at all of them. You can go get upgrades. That's where you'll enter races and fill up with gas and all that stuff. And then a tab within our app is this marketplace that we're looking at. And this marketplace is where all of our future drops will be. So become familiar with the mechanics in here so that you can score what you're looking for in the future.
Speaker C: Awesome. So when you may or may not know this, when minting time comes, when purchase time comes, will there be a little buy button down by each of these? Is that what people should expect? Do we know?
Speaker B: Yep. That 100% right. So one seven pm Eastern standard time hits control r press refreshed. And these items should have the add to cart buttons. Go ahead and do that. And that is how you can lock up yourself an arrow, venom or whatever you want. And, yeah, I guess just to clarify, we're just like, in this marketplace, we're buying, right? We're not minting. This isn't like.
Speaker C: Right? Sure. Yes. Yeah. You're buying. Everything's already out there.
Speaker B: Everything's minted and we're transacting and buying it.
Speaker C: Fantastic. That's awesome. Anything else we missed before we get to these giveaways?
Speaker B: No, just everyone. Good luck tonight. Have fun. We look forward to seeing the discord and look forward to racing you down the road.
Speaker C: Awesome. Yeah, let's. Let's get to the giveaways. So first we're going to do. First we're going to do the discord giveaway for them.
Speaker B: Yeah. So in our giveaway channel, we, we did four rookie giveaways this week. You know, like I said before, the floor on those things is like 0.16.2. So we gave away four. They were each different contests this past one. We had our discord choose what their favorite car is that's in this upcoming drop. So we'll give away one of those.
Speaker A: Which one was that one? Was it the. Which one? Which car is going to the. To the disc?
Speaker B: That one is the second one, I believe. The storm chaser.
Speaker A: Storm chaser.
Speaker B: And then we have another car. We have the. The Shelby Cobra, the mirage that. That you guys will. Can give away.
Speaker A: That's terrific. All right, so I'm just going to share my full. My full page here. Sorry. So we'll do. So we're going to give away the storm chaser first.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker A: All right, let's do that one. So I have all the names loaded up here from the discord. Everybody that's participated. I want to do a random choice. Am I just hitting this button here? I believe.
Speaker B: Yeah. One time.
Speaker C: Chris or.
Speaker A: I love. That's a great name.
Speaker C: Winning the. Winning the storm chaser.
Speaker A: That's awesome. So the second one we'll do is going to be the mirage.
Speaker B: I don't know about you guys. I love white on a car that.
Speaker C: I agree.
Speaker A: This is very nice. So this one we'll do here. So this is from our. From the tweet. You guys retweeted, man.
Speaker C: You got a pretty good chance to win this thing.
Speaker A: I think this has got. Yeah. So we'll do one where we'll do three backups. Yeah, I feel that's good. Let's do this.
Speaker C: So we get. And our winner is crypto Fizz X. Crypto fizz. Look at that with the Solana ape. Solana ape right there. Dig it. Dig it. Awesome. And none of us won. That's pretty great.
Speaker A: That is nice. It's nice when we don't win.
Speaker C: Crypto fizz x is our winner of the mirage. Awesome. So we just gave away two cars. We're getting ready in an hour to go purchase some more. Thank you very much, Michael, aka premium carrots from riot racers. I'm pumped about this one. I hope you guys are, too. Let's good. Good luck to everybody because I have a feeling you're gonna need it. And I hope you get the car. I hope they get the car that year.
Speaker A: Unfortunately, I won't be full of root beer when I'm minting, so it'll be orange soda.
Speaker C: And it'll be orange and cream soda.
Speaker B: Damn.
Speaker C: That's a there you go chamber. Yeah. Pizza coma. That's definitely going to happen, but that's going to do it for us. Until next time, stay mint.
