Speaker A: Rip. Matthew Perry. We lost. We lost a friend today or yesterday or I don't know what day it was, but we lost a friend.
Speaker B: Hello, and welcome to the mid mic crisis. I am bunchu, alongside my esteemed colleagues and co host, Chamber. Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker A: I am. I'm doing well. You know, we had some bad news over the weekend that we all lost a friend, and I don't know how I'm gonna deal with it, to be honest. I think we lost the best friend. I don't know.
Speaker B: This is debatable. He's definitely. Certainly not the worst friend.
Speaker A: Top three friend, would you say?
Speaker B: I would say top three friend. I think that's very fair. Ross is the worst, right?
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. I would say, yeah. He's maybe Rachel's the worst.
Speaker B: I mean, that's probably a hot take, but that might be. That might be good. All right, so here's the survey today for the chat bubble. Yeah. Here's the question of the day for the chat bubble. Who is the best and worst friends character? So give us your best and worst friends character in honor of Matthew Perry. Ripley Chamber. How did this news hit you? Because, like, we were. We were texting about it over the weekend, and I don't know if I want to go into all the details of those texts.
Speaker A: I think they should be kept under wraps for the time being.
Speaker B: Yes. But. But I'm just curious of, like, how this news hit you.
Speaker A: I mean, you know, Peyton and I were chatting pre show. I was in the nineties. I watched friends. Friends played, I think, before Seinfeld or vice versa. I think they played on the same day. But it was definitely like Seinfeld. Friends were the two big shows to watch back then. And I watched them. I mean, just like any other schmo back then. As I got older, I realized one was significantly better than the other. Obviously, Seinfeld being the better one. And friends was just really unwatchable as I, you know, as I got into my twenties and into my thirties. Just terrible. So I wasn't a fan. The rewatch ability wasn't there. But, I mean, I've seen every episode at least twice, you know what I mean? And my big takeaway from it because, you know, as the passing of Matthew Perry provided a lot of best of clips from friends, and he really represented the nineties, and I forgot how sarcastic the nineties were and how it influenced me a lot. I think a lot of characters from that time were a lot of sarcasm, a lot of flippancy, and I forgot. And I like how we are now. I feel we're a less sarcastic. You know, people in the, in the twenties, I don't know, the tens and the twenties. Did you see much of that in the nineties and early two thousands? Have you seen the transition away from the sarcastic?
Speaker B: That's interesting. I'm not sure I would have that. I'm not sure I would say we're less sarcastic. Maybe we are. Do you think?
Speaker A: I think so. Because I would. In listening to some of his know scenes, I was getting, like, some anxiety. Like, oh, I'm like, oh, imagine somebody spoke to me like that. Like, the way Chandler speaks to his friends, which was completely normal. Like, obviously it was exaggerated. But I mean, that, that style of speaking was, man, I am.
Speaker B: I am really hopeful that you don't go back and listen to 300 and some odd episodes of the way I speak to you on this.
Speaker A: I'm not very good at detecting sarcasm. It needs to be Chandlerezen level.
Speaker B: I would say most of the, most of our interactions are dripping in some sort of sarcasm. But who knows? Look, this one, it kind of hit me a little bit of, like, you know, I was saying to my wife this, you know, celebrity deaths in general do not faze me much at all. And if ever, I can't remember many specific examples where I was super upset about a celebrity death. Mostly I feel like I am totally just removed from that. Right. So it, like, it doesn't affect me much. And this one is interesting because. And I feel like part of that, part of why I say that is most of them are much older than me, so they weren't people that I appreciated or grew up with in the same capacity. Right. So, like, my mom, like, cried and watched the entire, like, you know, Princess Diana and Michael Jackson's funerals on the couch and, you know, like, they really affected her. I don't have those same kind of connections or experiences, and those people were not part of my life in a meaningful way. Friends. Because of all the reasons you just described. Right. It was, like, the most popular show on television. It's still syndicated everywhere. It's one of those shows you just always have on reruns and it's just like, it's never gone away. Right. So, like, even though he is kind of out of the spotlight, the show was never. Right. So, like, you have all these moments where that show was part of your life, and then that happens and it's unfortunate, but, like, it makes you reflect on why. Right? Like, this one actually got me a little. Not because I was a huge Matthew Perry fan or anything, but it was just more so, like, oh, our childhood icons are dying now.
Speaker A: And, I mean, he was pretty, like, I thought he was older than what he was. He was 54.
Speaker B: 54, right. That's not.
Speaker A: That's not that much. He's only, like, 1314 years older than me.
Speaker B: Right. That's what I mean. That's why that one. That's why it hit me a little like that, because it put that part into perspective, right. Of, like, you know, like, we're. We're old and our old. And our icons are. Well, you know, and in ways that are not freak out, I would say there's a possibility. I mean.
Speaker A: I mean, I don't want to speak out of term here, but I think there's a possibility of me have been self inflicted. Right.
Speaker B: I mean, maybe. But my point is, like, there's a difference between this and Kobe, right? Like, Kobe's a accident that, you know, is shocking and appalling and, like, really, you weren't expecting it. And then there's this where it's. It could have been a natural cause. It could have not been, but, like, it makes. It's not. It makes more sense. You know what I mean? Like, it's not this crazy freak thing. So it puts it into perspective a little more. I do have a funny story specifically about Matthew Perry, which is when I still worked at Sam Adams back in, gosh, decided to be 2015 or 2016, maybe. We had our national sales meeting in Cancun. One when you take first fun fact, we, as a company, drank more beer in that week that we were down in Mexico than the entire country of Mexico drinks of Sam Adams a year, which can tell you how much fun we had down there.
Speaker A: That's impressive. And, I mean, that being said, like, I'm sure Sam Adams is not the number one.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: You know what I mean? But that's still impressive, of course.
Speaker B: But we drank more than their yearly. Than their yearly volume.
Speaker A: That's still a wild stain.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's crazy. And, I mean, there's, you know, 300 of us there. Unlimited beer. You know, you're drinking it for breakfast. It's just part of what it is there, and you're. So there was one day where we kind of got out of meetings a little early, but it was raining, and so we were like, we don't really want to go to the pool. We're a little hungover. Why don't we just stay in the room for a couple hours? We'll grab a nap or something. And you're, like, bunked up with somebody. So me and my buddy Tim, who I was staying with for the week, we're just, like, laying in bed, separate beds, but we've got the tv going on and friends is on, and we're like, all right, this is good. Should we see what else is on? And so we switched the channel, and friends is on that channel, and we switched the channel, and Matthew Perry's on a talk show, and we switched the channel again, and it's one of his other shows that he had done after friends. And we're like, what the fuck is happening? Is Matthew Perry Mexico's national treasure? Like, it sure seemed like that. And so we thought, you know, we must have flipped, I don't know, ten or 20 channels, and he was on, like, half of them in some capacity. And so we're like, oh, okay. Well, Matthew Perry is very famous here in Mexico. And so we just started referring to him for the rest of our friendship as Signor Perry. And so I texted my buddy, you know, the other night and was fondly reminded of Signor Perry. And our hearts go out to the entire country of Mexico.
Speaker A: No kidding. I mean, it's. I think it was Day of the dead yesterday as well, too. I mean, that's. They are. They are.
Speaker B: They're hurting.
Speaker A: They're not having a good time. That's why I thought you were gonna say that Matthew Perry was also at the hotel and they had, like, rigged the.
Speaker B: No, he was just on literally every spanish mexican television station while you're down there. And I don't know why. Or if we just hit a, you know, a sweet spot or something.
Speaker A: I love mexican tv. I've been to Mexico in a few years, but we used to go fairly frequently. And I love watching. Actually, I watch. I love watching movies in Spanish, like movies that I've seen before, and I'll watch them in Spanish. My favorite time. Terrible movie. Remember, like, Seth Rogen's Green Hornet? Yeah, my favorite spanish movie. It was. Yeah, absolutely. They should have just released it in Spanish because it's much better that way. I did look at other celebrities who died in 2023, and I'm just trying to see, like, what? Because I'm gonna be honest, Matthew Perry didn't affect me that much. My wife was affected. She's kind of a basic bee, like that big, big friends fan. Paul Rubens, I think, affected me the most. That's just looking at, you know, there's Sinead O'Connor. Paul Rubens. Paul Rubens.
Speaker B: Just looking at who died this year?
Speaker A: Bob Barker died. Tony Bennett. I mean, there's old people.
Speaker B: Like, those are mostly, I agree, old people.
Speaker A: Even. Paul Rubin. Pretty old. I think Sinead O'Connor was. I think she may have been self inflicted, but everybody else has been pretty old. But I think Paul Rubens affected me the most. Peewee Herman. Big peewee guy.
Speaker B: I didn't know that was his real name.
Speaker A: Yeah, big peewee guy. So, okay.
Speaker B: I don't know who I thought you were talking about. It was him.
Speaker A: That should be like, top of. Yeah, I mean, you should know Paul Rubin should be a household name for you. Punch like that. You should go be. You should be going back and revisiting some of the pee wee stuff because it's top shelf entertainment.
Speaker B: I've just got one thing to say to you. Podria a star mos muerta.
Speaker A: So more dead. Could I be any more dead? Could I be any more dead?
Speaker B: And that's from the text messages from the other day. First of all, I have a bone to pick with my buddies from the other day. I sent you the screenshots, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, you did.
Speaker B: Was I. Was I. Should I have inflamed as much as I was? Was?
Speaker A: No, I don't think so. Yeah, I thought they were a little out of pocket, but, you know, I'm a bunch of defender to the very. To the bitter end.
Speaker B: Well, look, here's the backstory for those of you who may have not listened to our show from inception back in 2018. You may or may not be familiar with my group of dickhead friends that participates in a celebrity death pool, and it's been running for many years. And so, you know, we got the Matthew Perry news the other day, and I made a comment, and I got destroyed. And I'm like, for, like, like, a lot of too soon comments. And, you know, first of all, I just opined on Matthew Perry for 23 minutes, so I don't think I'm out of place here. But the general consensus was, oh, this is too soon. And my response was like, guys, we have a celebrity debt that we've been running for a decade, and I'm gonna get. I'm gonna get made fun of for that.
Speaker A: And, I mean, we're talking about Matthew Perry. Like, he would have been all over it.
Speaker B: He would have made the same joke.
Speaker A: Come on. It's not even close. So, no, I think you're 100% correct.
Speaker B: Thank you. We have zero comments in the chat bubble about who people's and favorite and least favorite friends characters.
Speaker A: I think that makes me happy, I.
Speaker B: Think means we need to move on.
Speaker A: That's good. Do you have some stuff to talk about?
Speaker B: No, no, no. I did want to just recap the billionaire draft from Friday. Did we have a consensus winner?
Speaker A: It's a good question. I wanted to get as much participation as possible.
Speaker B: Throw it up in the. Throw it up top and we'll get it. See if we get a little more nest action. Action while it's up in the nest before we officially call it quits on the billionaire's draft. But my barometer is always who. That same group chat of friends picks in their draft. They never know which one I. They never know which one's mine. So they are definitely not biased to mine. In fact, if they did know which ones were mine, they would probably choose against them. But. So there was, there was. There's five. There's four others in this group chat outside of me. So I always get, you know, their opinions. We actually had one person choose mine, which was, you know, the what? Who did? I have Michael Jordan, Louis Vuitton, Bernard Arnault and the Google guys. And one person chose Steve's. Then there was, I think the other two both chose caps. So out of that group, Cap was the. Out of that four person sample size, cap was interesting.
Speaker A: I'm looking at, I'm looking at the responses and I thought Steve's came up a fair amount. I'm just looking here. Table two was Elon. Yeah, I think you're right. I think Cap and Steve were arguably the two winners. No one picked my team. Yeah, I don't think it's that, obviously, I.
Speaker B: Look, you put out, you put out the serpent God and Maga, like, in the same pool and expect people to. People cannot reconcile that within themselves. So, like, take Taylor Swift out of it. If you, if you had Zuckerberg, any other billionaire, and Taylor Swift, you would have got picked. But the fact that you had, or ore Trump, a equivalent billionaire to Trump and Taylor Swift, you probably would have gotten picked, but the fact that you have such stark, contrasting, polarizing people, I think probably hurts you.
Speaker A: It definitely did. I mean, the numbers reflect it. Even the group, even the unholy coalition didn't even. No one picked me there. So it's unfortunate, but I stand by my team. I still think Zuck, Trump and Taylor Swift is the best team. I think that would be the most fun table to sit at. Imagine that table.
Speaker B: Like, imagine the smell.
Speaker A: Imagine the smell, like, you know, you got Trump trying to hit on Taylor. Taylor being completely disgusted and Zuck trying to put sweet baby rays on everybody's food. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Taylor, people are telling me that you're this, this pop billionaire icon. Everybody loves you, but people. No one has ever heard me sing. And I have the voice of an angel.
Speaker A: Could you imagine what he sounds like singing? It would be. It would be amazing.
Speaker B: So I gotta. I gotta try to do Taylor Swift. Some terrible. Yeah, okay. I'll try Taylor Swift song as Trump, but I need the right song anyway. All right, let's keep going. So that's the recap of the billionaires draft chamber. You put a lot of stuff in the show, doc, today. Where do you want?
Speaker A: I wanted to talk. There was. You know, you're a big sports betting guy, and I know a lot of the people we talk to here are big sports betting people. And I wanted to. I wanted to see if you saw this. There was a guy. I'm going to pin it here in a second. There was a guy at NY George 61. I don't know if you can pin that. It's the parlaye tweet there. I'm going to try and do it myself. But he. So apparently the NHL had a. I think it was called like frozen frenzy, where basically everything.
Speaker B: Yeah, so it's basically ESPN's version of NFL red zone. Are you familiar with NFL red zone?
Speaker A: Is that the channel you can watch everything?
Speaker B: So NFL red zone is like. So like, you ever been watching multiple games at one time and you're trying to like, control the remote and try to, you know, flip to the game? That's most exciting at.
Speaker A: I have not experiences, but I'm aware of that.
Speaker B: Okay, so it's like. So NFL red zone basically does that for you. So, you know, there's nine NFL games at one time. They're showing you the game that is most.
Speaker A: There was a basketball. There was a basketball show like that.
Speaker B: Yeah, NBA. What's it called? Turnaround or whip around. The whip around?
Speaker A: Is that what it was? I remember watching it back in the day. I haven't seen in a while, though.
Speaker B: But yeah, so, like, basketball doesn't lend itself quite as well to it, but because, like, you know, football, if you get to a certain point on the field, there's a high probability of you scoring. So the idea around red zone is to only show you games in which scoring opportunities are happening so you're not sitting there watching punts and all that kind of stuff. So that's what red zone is. NHL frenzy is ESPN's version of this for hockey. That just launched last week.
Speaker A: Gotcha. So, apparently, there was a bunch of games on, and this guy, George from, I'm assuming, New York, who was probably born in 1961, decided to do, I think, a 16 game parlay.
Speaker B: And.
Speaker A: Yeah. And hit. And he did. He bet $2. Okay. Do you know how much he won on Fanduel, by the way?
Speaker B: No. God, it's got to be. Hold on. Wait, wait, wait, wait. He hit 16?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think he's. I think it was money line on all of them. I don't know what that means.
Speaker B: I probably got to be close to, like, a quarter million.
Speaker A: Not that much. Not that much. So he bet $2. He won $13,604.
Speaker B: Okay. So my guess would have been that there were. So he probably picked mostly favorites, and most of the favorites probably won, because if he had a bunch of big underdog, moneyline underdogs in there, he. He's making a pretty penny. So that's still $2 to 13. A bad day.
Speaker A: I'm gonna post it. I have it here. I'm gonna post it. Yeah. Unbelievable. So have you ever heard of anybody hitting a 16 game parlay?
Speaker B: No, not. I mean, like, yes, I see tickets like this all the time, and they infuriate me because it's just the worst of way to bet. It's, like, the fundamental 101 things you shouldn't do if you want to actually win money. My guess is this person has had thousands of $2 bets lose. Absolutely. Before you win, before you hit that big one. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Well, we used to. I mean, I have some friends. I tend to surround myself with degenerate gamblers, and I'm not a gambler myself, but one of my best friends, he would bet. He had, like, a system for betting these things where he would spend. You know, back when we were in college, he would spend, like, a. He would make these two dollar bets and have, like, all of these different variations and would win almost every time. Like, he. You know, and there's small bets, like three. Three games, I think, typically. And he would basically bet all of the variations. And if there was anybody. If. If I think he made money, as long as one favorite didn't win or something like that. And. Yeah. Have you ever done things like this?
Speaker B: Sounds like you're describing, like, around Robin does that. Maybe.
Speaker A: I don't know. He's making money, though. I would just give him my money, and I say, here, go bring me back more money.
Speaker B: Round robins are sort of like parlays, but they. You're basically winning one bet, and it rolls over into the next until you lose one. Right? So, like. No, no.
Speaker A: So this was literally so, like, in Canada, I don't. I don't know what the american equivalent would be. We have something called pro line. And you go to the corner store and every, every day, like, you know, the odds for every game, you know, whether it's football, hockey, basketball, whatever, you get the, you know, the betting lines for all of them, and you can make individual bets. So he would make individual bets. He would make, I think, three. Three game individual bets, and he would make, like, 50 of them. And varying, you know, all those games were variations. And. And, yeah, he would win fairly, you know, fairly regularly on these things. You know, he's. He's still a. I think he's still, like, a professional gambler. He's just one of these guys that plays in, like, underground poker tournaments all the time and never really works, but it was able to buy a house and, you know, support.
Speaker B: If you ask. If you ask my wife what I do, she will tell people that I'm a professional gambler, which is not. Not true.
Speaker A: I mean, if you're gambling, if you're a net positive for the year like this, is that as a non gambler and you're making, I would say, well.
Speaker B: Let'S just put it this way. Like, trading.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's.
Speaker B: Gambling is gambling, right? I did that full time for 18 years.
Speaker A: That is true. That's a good point.
Speaker B: So, like, that's why she said plus, you know, plus, she's known me for a while. I've been sports for two decades.
Speaker A: I think if you're making a decade for, like, real sports or, like, real gambling, whether you're playing cards or. Or sports gambling or. I think if you're making, like, ten grand a year, like, net, like, net positive, I feel like that's professional gambling. I feel that's pretty good. You know what I mean? You're subsidizing your yearly income.
Speaker B: Absolutely.
Speaker A: I do not. I do not put nfts or crypto in that. No, that's. It's another. It's another level down to degeneracy. So do you think this guy just got lucky or is he some sort of.
Speaker B: No, this is total. This is total luck. You can't replicate this, but, like, you'll see, you know, all over, you'll see tickets like this all over the place and all over Twitter and everything. And it's just like, they infuriate me. But, yeah, I just got a text while we were talking. And I'm not quite sure how to interpret it. And I'm also not quite sure exactly where the reference is coming. So I got a text from boots.
Speaker A: All right. Oh, no, boots.
Speaker B: Boots. Friend of the show, friend of DJ network. He texted me two minutes ago and said, did you get at 435? Did you get hammered at the dentist today, big guy? So I don't know if I am slurring my words or if I sound drunk, if it's just energy. That's he listening right now.
Speaker A: I thought maybe it was a wrong.
Speaker B: I can't even see him in the audience. That's why I don't even know what he's talking about.
Speaker A: I don't know, maybe I thought it was. I immediately my mind went to he, you know, texted the wrong person. And this is a SMS text.
Speaker B: He said, sounds like you have those cotton swabs in your mouth from a drilling well.
Speaker A: I think after this weekend, I'm going to get you. I'm going to send you a. An updated microphone adapter so we can get you back on. I noticed it a little bit in the replay, but I don't know.
Speaker B: Tell boots to cool the first time you relistened or the fourth.
Speaker A: The first. And then I don't, and I don't hear it after that because I'm so in the zone.
Speaker B: Interesting. Well, I apologize to everybody out there who thinks I'm either drunk or at the dentist, and God forbid I'm both. But, you know, the show must go on. This is what we got to work with today, so. All right, what else? I got some more. You've got it?
Speaker A: Yeah, I wanted to focus on some conspiracies.
Speaker B: The first one, gotta massage the numbers.
Speaker A: A little bit, you know, so I figured I'd start with some sports betting, you know. Is there a conspiracy there? You're saying this is just dumb luck, I think is what I'm getting.
Speaker B: Oh, easily dumb luck. I didn't realize you were asking me if the fix was potentially. If the fix was in and it was a conspiracy of sorts, he would have bet more than $2.
Speaker A: That makes sense, right? I agree. But $2 is an unsuspicious amount of money. Like, if you're making $13,000 wins every couple, you know, every two months, those.
Speaker B: 510, 100, 200.
Speaker A: That is true. That's a good point. That's a good point.
Speaker B: Now, you know, if he's laying 200 grand on a 16 game parlay, then maybe you raise an eyeball.
Speaker A: All right, that's. I feel that gets you thumb smashed.
Speaker B: There are some people that just have more money than you could even fathom that literally will bet, you know, tens of thousands of dollars on games and do things like you just described for like a $10,000 ticket on a ten game parlay. And you're just like, oh, must be nice, you know?
Speaker A: Yeah, I guess so. I mean, like you said, maybe we gamble ourselves with some of our crypto.
Speaker B: Bets, but I mean, I gamble with real money. My unit size is not small. I feel like what I have on a given day of action would make 90% of people throw up.
Speaker A: I think I believe it. Now, to me, I don't mind gambling, but it just makes the sport watching, you know, it's unenjoyable. Like, do you do not feel why interesting?
Speaker B: Why?
Speaker A: Especially if it's a team that I like. Like, I don't want the tone.
Speaker B: Campbell, on your own team.
Speaker A: That's the, that's the truth. And I really only watch, or you just.
Speaker B: Or you do what Steve does and only gamble on his own. Gamble heaviest on your, like, yesterday the.
Speaker A: Lakers played okay, and they lost in overtime and it ruined my evening. Like, I was upset. I couldn't imagine also losing a bet on top of that, you know, I'm saying, like, I couldn't imagine how angry I would be. Like, if I bet like a $100 even, you know. Yeah, I would be. I'd be so mad and it would make, you know, I'm watching. I'm stressed out the last, you know, twelve minutes of the game. Imagine also having money on the line. You know, it's just unappealing for me. And I don't feel like watching other sports just to bet on them. So I, if anything, I would only bet on the sports that I watch, which is really just the Lakers, and then it would just make the game, you know, unenjoyable. Yeah.
Speaker B: Like, I would not advise you to bet on the Lakers.
Speaker A: Like, I just agree.
Speaker B: I wouldn't advise you to bet on your own team. Like, it's just not fun. Now, the play is, if I. If, you know, you think your team is going to, like, the happiness hedge is what you call it, is where you bet against your team. So that way, if they do win, you are happy with the victory. But if they lose, you have an extra hundred dollars.
Speaker A: That's not a bad idea. I can also see, I feel like.
Speaker B: You could be a consistent happiness.
Speaker A: I could also see a long term bet where you just bet on the, you know, say you bet on them winning the championship and kind of forget about it. Right.
Speaker B: So you could bet things like division winners and conference champions and, you know, league MVP. So, like, you could do stuff like that, which wouldn't affect your day to day sports watching as much, but you would still have some added juice. But, like, look, you. I would not recommend you betting, like, just straight up. I just wouldn't. You would not be somebody I would recommend vetting to.
Speaker A: I agree. I'm with you. Okay. I got another one here for you. I posted it to the top. It comes with a little video that you can watch or not watch. It is a video from 1981. It's a commercial. And from 1981. So before both of you and I were, you know, put on this planet, there is a person in a toy commercial that looks suspiciously like Taylor Swift. And I guess the question is, is Taylor Swift a time traveling vampire? It's uncanny how much she looks. This is glamour gals show place. That's the. That's the toy.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. I had one.
Speaker A: It was a hand me down. It was a hand me down. Yeah. Comes with a.
Speaker B: Pretty sure.
Speaker A: It comes with a fire.
Speaker B: Pretty sure. My uncle went to that place a lot.
Speaker A: If you get a chance, watch the video.
Speaker B: I just saw it.
Speaker A: Uncanny.
Speaker B: So it's weird. It's. Yeah. How does this stuff happen?
Speaker A: I mean, technically, I guess there's only a certain amount of face configurations you can have.
Speaker B: And also, how are more people not talking about this? Because this person, Melanie Q. Whoever, posted.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: She gets about as much engagement as you do. This has one repost, four likes, and one bookmark. I bet you the bookmark is you. It is me. Okay. There you go. I bet you the bookmark is you. And, like, how did this not go more viral?
Speaker A: It has 194 views. Like, I feel like I've watched it.
Speaker B: You think Elon is purposely suppressing this because he doesn't want the word to get out that Taylor Swift is a time traveler?
Speaker A: Possibly. I did find it originally on TikTok and had to scour Twitter to find it. So it's. It's. I mean, there is. There. I think there's a little meat on the bone. You know what I mean? There's something there, but it's uncanny how much they look alike. I mean, I don't. I'm not a big Taylor Swift person, but if you told me that was Taylor Swift, I would say that is correct.
Speaker B: Yeah. Like, noticeable difference in. Probably, like, the teeth. Yeah, right. But, like, you could get that fixed.
Speaker A: I agree. I agree. Okay, so is this one a loot?
Speaker B: Is maybe it's Taylor's older sister or mother.
Speaker A: Maybe it is Taylor's mother. So do you think, what's more likely.
Speaker B: Did you im, did you IMDb? No, I didn't try to do that while we're live.
Speaker A: What did I say? What did I say? It was called the glamour palace.
Speaker B: Glamour girls play palace.
Speaker A: That sounds right.
Speaker B: Ammy crap.
Speaker A: Yeah. You have to be at least 60.
Speaker B: How many lbs. How many lbs you gotta be to play with?
Speaker A: At least 60 lbs. You know, that's. And I don't want you going around putting rocks in your pockets.
Speaker B: Do not put rocks in your pockets. Don't lie about your weight just so you can get a Tammy crapsh because otherwise it's like smoking five macanito cigars.
Speaker A: It is. It really is. I mean, they are delicious, but you need to be at least 60 lbs to enjoy them. So I do, I do have a more. This conspiracy. So as far as conspiracies, you know, the parlay you think is just dumb luck. You know, maybe Taylor Swift is time traveling, but probably not. Is that, is that what I'm, what I'm hearing from you?
Speaker B: Yeah, I don't think she is, but like, this is not normally, I usually don't lean on the side of conspiracy. So like, you better come strong to the hole or do you don't come at all?
Speaker A: No, that's fair. I can appreciate that. I have one more. Have you ever heard of the Trump.
Speaker B: I'm still waiting for you to IMDb.
Speaker A: Sorry. It's not, nothing's coming up. Turns out glamour, glamour girl, doll palace, or whatever it is, is not a credit for this particular actress. Have you ever heard. I've heard about this a couple of times, but have you heard of the Trump family time traveling conspiracy theory? This one, I'm gonna be honest with you, we're ramping up the plausibility of some of these conspiracy theories. I'm just gonna pin it up to the top. So you may be familiar with Don Junior, with Eric Trump. Some people are less familiar with Trump's youngest son, Barron Trump, who apparently is now like 7ft tall. I don't know if you've seen pictures of him, just a giant, giant human being. But there is a conspiracy theory that suggests that Donald Trump accessed the time machine and went back into time and assisted in writing a novel. So there was a novel that came out.
Speaker B: Sorry, say that again.
Speaker A: You heard me. Donald Trump went back in time specifically to, I want to get the year right, 1893 and help publish a book or help co author a book and.
Speaker B: The book is, it was the greatest book ever written. People are saying it. They say that Donald, you pen to the greatest old ancient notebook.
Speaker A: So the book is called Baron Trump's marvelous underground journey. Okay, I'm not joking at all. This is a straight up book from, that was published in 1893.
Speaker B: That's the same year that the girl, the glamour girls play palace.
Speaker A: And I believe also the year Nintendo was created. So Baron Trump's marvelous underground Journey is a real book, was written by author Ingersoll Lockwood. And it's interesting. So the book's character, his main character's name is Barron Trump, obviously, same name as Donald Trump's youngest son. Starts his journey. This is all facts. Starts his journey in Russia, heading to America with a character guiding him along his way. And that character's name is dawn. Again, all of this is actual, like, this is wild. Okay, there's an illustration. There's an illustration. There's an illustration. Sorry, I'm trying to, I'm trying to recount the story and also search. Get the, get the tweet up so you can see the pictures as well. So give me 1 second. I just want to resist resistance. Underscore. So this is, this tweet is from barely Baron.
Speaker B: At make 1898 great again.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker B: What a handle that would be. You done over there?
Speaker A: No, I'm coming, I'm coming. So there's an illustration I'm going to show you that looks, I mean, there's a likeness there. I wouldn't say that's the. I wouldn't hinge my argument on the likeness in the picture. But the author, Ingersoll Lockwood, wrote another book in 1900 called the Last President, which is also very strange, in which he strongly opposed New York. A New York politician, surprisingly. Pardon me. In which a strongly opposed New York politician surprisingly gets elected president and people protest in a state of uproar. This is, again, a real book called the last president, written by the same author who wrote a book called Baron Trump's marvelous Underground Journey, which character named Barron Trump is led from Russia to America by a k. By a character named. Don't.
Speaker B: Okay, hold on. Wait. Did you post the picture yet? I need to see again.
Speaker A: I'm trying to keep, I'm trying to do a bunch of things at once. Here. Here. I'm going to post the picture here.
Speaker B: Boop.
Speaker A: Okay, so there's the picture. So the politician in the last president book lived in a hotel on New York's Fifth Avenue, the same avenue where Trump Tower is. Is that not weird?
Speaker B: This is all very weird. This. So I'm more into this one than Taylor Swift, time traveler, but keep going. You've got my attention now.
Speaker A: So again, this is basically. So we're using kind of two books here. Again, in that second book, the last president, he also. So the president, who was this New York politician who lived on Fifth Avenue in a hotel, he chose one of his cabinet members. His name was Leif Pence, so. Not Mike Pence. Leif Pence.
Speaker B: Oh, my God. Leif means Mike.
Speaker A: I didn't want to say it. I took. I did the translating beforehand. You're 100%.
Speaker B: But you. Oh, my God. Are we doing the leaf of the week here?
Speaker A: I mean, in our norwegian feed, it is life of the week. But that's. Okay. So just a recap. There's a.
Speaker B: Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait. Okay. Yeah. First recap.
Speaker A: Okay. There's a book called Barron Trump's marvelous Underground journey that was released and published in 1893 by a. An author named Ingersoll Lockwood. In this book, the titular character, Barron Trump, is. Starts his journey in Russia, heading to America with a guide named dawn. There's an illustration in the book that slightly resembles Barron Trump. That same author wrote another book a few years later called the last president, in which a strongly opposed New York politician surprisingly gets elected as president, and the people protest in a state of uproar. That politician in that book lived in a New York City apartment on Fifth Avenue, the same avenue in which Trump Tower resides. Now.
Speaker B: There are even five avenues.
Speaker A: It was the last one. It would. They just was the last avenue. A cabinet member of that president had a last name, Pence, very, very much in the same spelling as Michael Pence. Former.
Speaker B: This one is wild.
Speaker A: This one is wild. That's a lot of things now.
Speaker B: So, first of all, where'd you find us?
Speaker A: I've heard this a couple of times.
Speaker B: I have. I have a couple questions for you here around the source material of these conspiracy theories. One, do you follow both of these people on Twitter?
Speaker A: No, no, no. I had to. So these were both originally TikToks that I saw, and then I just found.
Speaker B: This was what was concerning to me. Is that what your. What your algorithm looks like?
Speaker A: I had to independently search these within X.com dot. So I do have. Are you familiar with the websites Snopes?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So Snopes. For those who may not know, it's.
Speaker B: The parks and Recreation fans. Leslie Snopes.
Speaker A: It's actually her onlyfans. A lot of people don't know that.
Speaker B: Is she wearing clothes nopes. So no.
Speaker A: Snopes is a website that does investigative research on to into claims. So if you hear something that seems weird or there's a conspiracy theory, I always research Snopes, and they've done a lot of digging into the validity of a lot of fantastic claims. So this is from Snopes. Barron Trump's marvelous underground journey and the last president are both indeed real books written by Ingersoll Lockwood. Quote here, we haven't been able to uncover any evidence proving that Donald Trump and his family have access to a time machine. However, both of the books are archived by the Library of Congress and can be read in full@archive.org. dot Barron Trump's Marvelous Underground Journey was published in 1893. The last president was published in 1900. A few years later, according to the Encyclopedia of Science Fiction, Lockwood penned at least one other book about Barron Trump's, about the Baron Trump character, and that was titled the Travels and Adventures of Little Baron Trump and his wonderful Dog, Bulger, which was published in 1890. So there is a prequel to that particular book. Now, I have seen, and I haven't, you know, I haven't checked the evidence on this, but I've heard of. Are you familiar with the inventor Nikola Tesla? Which, you know, obviously the Tesla cars, right? So, Nikola Tesla was one of the great minds of, you know, humanity, and, you know, discovered all sorts of great inventions that we still use today. But towards the end of his life was really, I don't know what's the best way to put it, shunned by the same people that propped him up. Westinghouse, being one of them, always had big problems with Thomas Edison, who was, you know, of light bulb fame. I don't know if you're familiar with Thomas Edison, so, obviously, we all know Thomas Edison today, but for a long time, the name Nikola Tesla wasn't a household name like it is today. And there is a talk that Westinghouse and Edison kind of put Tesla out the pasture, ruined his reputation, and he died with nothing. But one of Tesla's landlords was actually Donald Trump's grandfather, which is interesting. And there is the through line is, did Tesla have some sort of time machine that was left in his apartment, or maybe some blueprints, for one? And that's how this was all was able to be done. Um, what are your thoughts there?
Speaker B: I mean, there's, uh. So I'm looking at this. I'm looking at this thread that you posted, too. Who's. Who's this John Teeter character? I don't know, apparently, he's a time traveler too.
Speaker A: Oh, John Teeter. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Um, yes, he is.
Speaker B: Sorry. The cotton balls in my drunk mouth.
Speaker A: I'm. This. That's a separate time traveler from my understanding, but I'll have to do some research.
Speaker B: This says my series here on time traveler, John Teeter, who appears to be Donald Trump.
Speaker A: Oh, really?
Speaker B: You didn't even read your own thread you posted up here?
Speaker A: No, I just want. I found the picture. This was a different thread.
Speaker B: So you have homework to do.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, that's. Yeah, I just wanted to. I was trying to find a picture quickly.
Speaker B: So we're gonna need a Baron gate update on Wednesday because this one is somewhat interesting.
Speaker A: All right. Okay. All right. I feel good about it.
Speaker B: I'm season. We need to know if our candidates are time traveling lizard men or not.
Speaker A: Interesting. So I am familiar with John Titor, but I don't think I've ever heard that he was Donald Trump. So I'll have to do some investigating there.
Speaker B: But you have heard he's a time traveler.
Speaker A: I have heard he's a time. Yeah, 100%. Yeah, absolutely. I never. I never heard the Trump that he's also Donald Trump.
Speaker B: So it's funny because why wouldn't you just write a book in the current times?
Speaker A: That is a good point.
Speaker B: That, like, why go back to 1898 and write a book about your son?
Speaker A: I don't know. I don't. That's a weird thing to do.
Speaker B: Maybe. Maybe you have to go that far back before anyone in the world hated his family that is. That long. Like, they could have had that much hate throughout their family tree that they have to trace it back that far before anyone hated them. And so he's like, oh, let me go, like, one year prior when everybody starts hating us and see if I could win the hearts and minds with this great tale of adventure about my weird russian half son.
Speaker A: Right? So what do you think of that?
Speaker B: I mean, look, I'm just trying to. I'm just trying to justify why you might be correct here.
Speaker A: My. My favorite. I mean, Donald. Donald Trump's an interesting character. So he does make some questionable decisions. So maybe that that was one of them. My fate. One of my favorite questionable decisions that Donald Trump used to do. Have you ever heard his. He would call in to the. To the Howard Stern show back in the day, and he would pretend to be his own publicist. Have you heard these?
Speaker B: No, but can we please save this for Wednesday? Potential gold mine.
Speaker A: Yeah. Very good. The man's a complicated fella.
Speaker B: Look, this is. I mean, time travel can scramble your brains.
Speaker A: I mean, it's sure. Good. Covfefe was the code word for the time traveling. A lot of people don't know that.
Speaker B: Tune in tomorrow morning for covfefe with captain, hosted by Steve Cap is on his way to Hong Kong all week. Covfefe with captain tomorrow at 08:00 a.m. also join me and J Webb in an hour for Djen Bets Monday edition. J Web going to the Nuggets game today, so we're going an hour earlier for Djen bets. Otherwise, that is going to do it for us. Also, don't forget, tomorrow is the last, last episode of lunch break, so kudos to J web and rigged for a wonderful run on lunch break. Tune in tomorrow at noon for the last episode. Why are you laughing?
Speaker A: It's just I have a.
Speaker B: Because you can sense the jealousy in my voice.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, I can't.
Speaker B: I don't.
Speaker A: I'm just picturing the mural we could paint of J web and, uh, j web and riggs, uh, last. Last lunch. Uh, in the, in the, in the. In the vein of the last Supper.
Speaker B: Yeah, mister House is just going to make that lunchroom thing, uh, again. But it's just the two of them sitting at a table. Yeah, yeah, get on that mister house. That's. That's a gold for tomorrow's episode for them. Uh, but that is going to do it for us. Catch all the awesome degen action and there's reminders up top for DJ and bets later tonight. Until next time, keep the mic hot.
