Speaker A: I buy my Internet by the pound and we ran out of I am without Internet until at least Friday. And I don't know what to do with myself. And it's brutal. But I just want to comment on what you just said up above. I pinned Vicky's response up there.
Speaker B: I don't know what is going on. It's accurate.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: It's accurate.
Speaker A: Yeah. Vicki hasn't been here in quite some time. I don't know if she's ready for this jelly.
Speaker B: I don't know if she's ready for this jelly.
Speaker A: We're gonna have to find her something personalized. I'm not gonna. I'm not sure where I'm gonna go with this one, but I will fight. Oh, actually, shit. I can't because I don't have the Internet.
Speaker B: I got something personalized for her. 1 second. Let me pull it up here. Did you get the delivery today? I didn't text you. I figured I'd just ask on the show.
Speaker A: No, you didn't get it. Well, I don't know. I don't. I don't go outside.
Speaker B: Do they not deliver right to your door?
Speaker A: I mean, I don't know. I'm in a dungeon in my basement. I don't leave the house. It's probably out there.
Speaker B: I want to know because this isn't the first time with Internet issues in your area. Like what? What is it about your area, like to me?
Speaker A: Well, so we spent a lot of time on the phone with the Internet provider this morning, and it seems like it might be actually, like, a hard wiring thing with my specific house. Interesting, because they said on their end it showed full strength. And so it may be, you know, who knows? Maybe I have got. Maybe I've got some kind of rodent or something that's eating all of my Internet. I don't know.
Speaker B: That's a possibility.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: That's.
Speaker A: What do you don't know? You don't have those Internet rodents over by you?
Speaker B: No, we have squirrels and that's about it. I don't know. I don't think we have them.
Speaker A: They call them. I think they're called owls. AOL, you like that one? Ow.
Speaker B: I'm dying.
Speaker A: God, that. Come on. That is.
Speaker B: That is very good.
Speaker A: That's gold. This is a free podcast.
Speaker B: Speaking of free podcasts, everybody should be subscribing on Apple iTunes or Spotify. Please leave a five star rating with a complimentary review.
Speaker A: You don't have to leave a complimentary review. The stars are more important than the actual text. But we would appreciate it. Chamber. I don't have really much to talk about today because I haven't had the Internet.
Speaker B: So. Well, I guess you could bring me up to speed on everything you do know about what's happening with OpenAI up until yesterday, I guess.
Speaker A: Well, it's a good thing we waited because it was still an open issue when we spoke on Monday. So as of last night, in the middle of the night, it has now been resolved. But this thing was like full drama on the biggest stage that you could possibly imagine with one of the biggest, most important companies in the world currently, which is just wild. So, like, what do you know?
Speaker B: I know.
Speaker A: Do we want to actually first. Yes. Okay.
Speaker B: Vicki, I have a personalized trivia question for you. Now, I know you are currently an american, but have currently have a british background. As any good Brit, I really thought.
Speaker A: This was going to be a grant Cardone trivia question.
Speaker B: There is no trivia. It's all knowledge. I would like to know if you know the year that the greatest television show in history began. And that is Coronation street. What was the year? British.
Speaker A: What?
Speaker B: First of all, Americans, Coronation street is the longest running soap opera.
Speaker C: Oh, for God's sake. 1960. It was before I was born. And it was the 9 December. You know, I remember it because I wasn't born.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker C: And that's what happens when you have the Internet.
Speaker A: Boom. Kudos, Vicki. You win.
Speaker B: I feel like these people cheating with the Internet. Was cap cheating the other day, too?
Speaker A: Oh, Cap definitely was cheating. He literally get. He like, started to get something and then changed it to 0.01.
Speaker B: I don't know if I.
Speaker A: Within the number.
Speaker C: How can you say it's cheating, though? You ask us a question and we give you an answer. You didn't give us any terms and conditions. You know, this is web three. We do what the hell we like.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's true. I mean, we don't really care if you get the.
Speaker B: I would prefer people get it wrong.
Speaker A: Well, I don't really mind if they get it right. If, uh, like, it's more.
Speaker B: We.
Speaker A: We don't quite follow the actual rule in terms of we, we. When we started this, if you got.
Speaker B: It wrong, then nobody wanted to come back.
Speaker A: We've been a little. Yeah, we've been.
Speaker C: But that was a bonus. The bonus that they get. Get kicked off. I mean, I came up to ask if there was a free phone number for listening to the intro song at the beginning because I felt like I'd walked onto a roller coaster that was going really dark. Shady places. And I couldn't actually get off the roller coaster where it was talking about children dying and a nine year old. That stuck in my mind. I'm like. I think I actually need, like, a free phone therapy.
Speaker B: Welcome to the Internet.
Speaker A: That's all I have to say about timber. I believe free phone therapy comes with your.
Speaker B: You can call me anytime, night or day, 24/7 regardless of time zone. I will. I will talk you down from any cliff, any bridge, or, you know, singing a song. Singing a bedtime song. I'll do that, too. I'm really, really just.
Speaker A: Look, your frontech utility is getting really great. You've got free therapy pics, sasquatch info.
Speaker B: Speaking of sasquatch stuff, we can get into that another day, man. It's been. I've been seeing an influx.
Speaker A: There's a lot of sasquatch, I'm telling you.
Speaker B: In the last week, I think I've seen four new Sasquatch videos, ranging from c plus to b plus in quality. Yeah, there's a b plus that is really making me scratch my head.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker B: So the setting is a. It's a police. It's a police motion sensor camera that's at a crime.
Speaker A: No footage of pulling.
Speaker B: I don't know if it's, like a crime scene or accident scene that, you know, they had to leave for the evening. I guess this happens fairly frequently where, you know, especially in more rural areas, cops can't monitor 24/7 so what they'll do is they'll put motion sensing cameras there just in case something comes along and moves something or whatnot. So, apparently, it's footage of this, where you see. I would say you see something in the background, hairy with a face. I would say the imagery is absolutely like. I would say you could easily argue that it's just by looking at it. You could argue, you know, you could argue that it's not a sasquatch, but it's what it does afterwards. That, to me, is. Is the most interesting thing. You see a massive.
Speaker A: Just a huge bag of jack length.
Speaker B: Right over his shoulder. No. He grabs this log, which is probably, I don't know, like, 810 inches across, and smashes it against another tree. And, I mean, I'm. I'm a big dude. I'm like, I could not do that. So there's. There's some physics to this, uh, that. That left me scratching my head. So we'll see. I'll send it to you.
Speaker A: Well, how's quality?
Speaker B: Is good. I mean, it's a motion camera. Like, it. You know, I will say this. There is. There's some trees that kind of get in the way a little bit. I'll send you the video on it. You can report back. But I thought it was a b plus. Not an a plus, but a b plus.
Speaker A: Fair enough. Okay. Pretty good. I would say, quality wise, I feel like the best we've seen is there's.
Speaker B: A plus for me.
Speaker A: All right, what do you know about what's going on?
Speaker B: So, Danny Elfman, start here. That's not his name. Anthony Jeselnik.
Speaker A: Anthony. Anthony. For those who weren't listening Monday, Sam Altman, who chamber thoughts name was.
Speaker B: So Sam Altman, who I double checked is younger than I am, which, by.
Speaker A: The way, just side note, I did find this very hilarious when Cap and Steve were talking about this on coffee with captain. I think it was Steve. It might have been Steve. That said, how ironic is it that Sam's like, he's building alien intelligence and his last name is Alt man, which I thought was very interesting. And then they compared that to Sam.
Speaker B: Bank fried, which obviously.
Speaker A: Yeah. So I thought those were great observations.
Speaker B: So if you were to ask me who the CEO of OpenAI was a couple of weeks ago, I wouldn't have told you. I've heard the name. I've heard the name Sam Hoffman before, but I wouldn't be able to associate it with who the person was. But I did. I saw that there was some rumblings, I don't know if it was over the weekend or on Monday, that something had happened internally with OpenAI on the board of directors, and Sam Altman was. I think it was ousted. He didn't. He didn't, you know, he didn't back away from the position. I believe he was voted out. Yeah, he got quit.
Speaker A: Quit.
Speaker B: So. So, yeah, so he was. Was ousted from his position as CEO. There was another person. Everybody has terrible hair, by the way, in this company. There's another person with terrible hair.
Speaker A: You must be talking about Billy, a subscover.
Speaker B: There was another guy that quit, I believe, in solidarity with Sam Altman. And I think that's all I know. I think that's all I know.
Speaker A: The last. So this happened Friday. This happened Friday afternoon. And, like, the 72 hours, 96 hours, whatever. Last following Friday literally could be a movie all on its own. I've never publicly witnessed anything quite like it in terms of a major, major company. So it was wild. So you're right. Like, so Friday comes along. First of all, we talked yesterday or last time about these, the GPTs that were announced on.
Speaker B: Right. Which was like a week before that.
Speaker A: Yes. So the Monday prior. Right. So like they've, you know, launched the dev day. Sam is out there doing his thing. Very Apple like. He has the Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella out there talking about their partnership with Microsoft and all this stuff. He introduces GPTs, he talks about all these upgrades to the APIs. They're going to do the assistance API, which is really cool. GPT four turbo, which is faster, bigger context window, cheaper, all these great things. By almost all accounts, super home run. A week and a half passes and he's like out in, I forget where he was in China or something, like where he's like out doing press and talking on panels literally the morning of. And then Friday afternoon it comes out that the board has decided that they are removing Sam from CEO and that he will no longer be working at Openaiden. Internet just exploded like it was wild. First of all, Microsoft, this was like right before the closing bell in the markets on Friday and Microsoft stock tanked like 2%, which is, you know, in trad five street.
Speaker B: That's a big deal.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, it's a big deal. So, I mean, you're talking on Microsoft, that's billions of dollars in, you know, in market cap evaporated and so totally tanking. And what's crazy about this, right, is so, like Microsoft has a very big partnership with OpenAI. They own, I believe it's close to like 40% or something. They bought like they've made like a $40 billion investment or something. Yeah.
Speaker B: I've seen the Justin Timberlake Mehden where it's, let's call it Microsoft. It's clear.
Speaker A: It's cleaner. Yeah, exactly. So what was crazy about this, right, is like, they and cap pointed this out the other day, which I thought was very astute as well, is like Microsoft has this partnership, they have ownership, blah, blah, blah. They don't have a board seat. So they found out just like everyone else really, five minutes before it was going to happen. Yes. And so, so it sent everybody in a tizzy. So, like they didn't even know. And because I'll tell you right now, if they did know, they wouldn't have done it before closing on Friday in terms of like, having this stock impact. Right. So they. That caught them off guard and everything. And so then it starts to, like, the wild accusations start coming, like, because you can't imagine how this happens without it being something just insanely catastrophic or in the wrong from Altman or whatever. Like what was hiding all this stuff. So all the rumors started flying. There was some rumors that were from, you know, months ago about some potential, like, sexual allegations. There were, yeah, but, like, those don't make sense for being the reason because it's been out there for months. Right. So, like, to be so abrupt last week doesn't make so, like, that one I kind of immediately ruled out. But then there was, you know, how is he doing something weird with the financials or all this stuff. But OpenAI, when they did this, they came out with the statement, and the statement was like, full on, like, attack almost. I mean, it was very, it was not the typical, oh, we've, you know, we're very thankful to have had Sam and, you know, parting on our separate ways, blah, blah, blah. It was like the board has made this decision because Sam has continuously not been forthright about specific communications.
Speaker B: I read blah, blah, blah.
Speaker A: And so it was like, yeah, it was like really calling them out a little bit. But at the same time, they didn't really say much of anything. And so the world is trying to decide what's actually happening here. Is it a financial thing? Is it an AI safety thing? Like, did they discover AGI and somebody on the board gets spooked and decide that this couldn't be out in the wild and all this stuff? So that was, like, Friday, and by Saturday morning, you have now Satya Nadella, who is the CEO of Microsoft, stepping in to, like, mediate this process. But in the meantime, OpenAI named a new interim CEO, which was, I forget her last name, her first name. Murray. M u R. Yeah, she was on the board. Well, just wait. Oh, just wait. Because they. So the board consists of, like, I think it was two gentlemen. One was this Ilya Sutzkiber, and then somebody else. I forget. And then there was two, two women on the board as well. And they named this woman the new interim CEO, but apparently didn't even tell her the full story. And so she's the new CEO for the time being. It comes out that, like, Microsoft is in full on mediation, negotiation, all of this stuff. And by the end of, like, Saturday. By the end of Saturday, it was Sam and Greg Brock. Oh, so Greg Brockman is the guy that you were talking about before who resigned with Sam. He's one of the co founders of OpenAI. Instrumental, super great researcher, like, instrumental in the breakthroughs of GPT four versus the older models.
Speaker B: If you're leaving open AI in solidarity with your buddy, I mean, that's a ride or die right there.
Speaker A: Well, but it's partially because of, like, nobody knew what they were really canning him for. And they just canned him out of nowhere.
Speaker B: Do you think it's because he had the best. You know, I would definitely. If it was like. Well, because I would fire out of that same reason if we were all on open AI together.
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, I'd fire Steve for a lot of reasons, but the hair. Hair. Definitely one of them for sure, because he makes my hair look terrible. Yeah. By the way, I had. This happened to me the other day where, you know, you take a shower and I dried my hair, but I did not, you know, do anything with it. It was at night. And whatever. I go hang out with my wife. I'm, you know, just hanging on the couch. I get up to go get a drink or whatever, and I take a look at myself in the mirror and. Oh, my God. Like, whatever the. Whatever happened to my hair between, like, drying it and it just settling in this position? I had never looked like more of an old man in my entire life. I was just, like, bald. I was just bald all of a sudden. Just totally balding. And I had this come to Jesus meeting that I was basically going to be bald pretty soon. So I'm dealing with that as well. But anyway, back to get a.
Speaker B: Get one of my fintech keys and we'll have a call about it.
Speaker A: Good. I need that free therapy. Where was I?
Speaker B: So we have interim female CEO.
Speaker A: And then. So on Saturday, basically. Okay. Microsoft is now hiring Sam and Greg. Like, they're going to work at Microsoft now. Yes. And so that was crazy news because it's like, all right, well, first of all, whatever he did then couldn't have been that insane that Microsoft wants that, right? Like, you know, and they had come out.
Speaker B: He didn't come out and sing the Frank Reynolds I don't diddle kid song.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, right. Exactly. Exactly. That's right. And so the. So there's that. But like, at that point, you're like, man, what the hell is going on? Because at the same time, you don't really have any. And there's why they fired it.
Speaker B: Like, leading rumor. Like one. A rumor that's kind of.
Speaker A: Well, there's like, there was a couple. There's this sex thing. There's the.
Speaker B: What's the sex thing?
Speaker A: Monitoring. Well, his. So this has. His sister came. His sister, many years, like months ago, whatever, posted on Twitter that I guess he used to. To, like, sexually abuse her when she was little and they were kids. And so.
Speaker B: And that's a legit like tweet that came out a while ago.
Speaker A: Yeah. It's been out and around there for months. And I don't know if he's ever addressed it or whatever, but, like, it's out there. Right. So it's not, this is, this wasn't new news. It was news to some, but it definitely wasn't new to the people that.
Speaker B: Would make those decisions. This is nothing. Uh, there you're right. I gotcha.
Speaker A: Correct. So, like, the only way it would have or could have been that is like, was there some, uh, you know, private investigation that was going on and it came back proven true and, and, you know, all of that. But like, again, I don't think it was that, but it could, it could have been. But, um, you would think the rest of the story wouldn't have unfolded this way if that was the case. Right. So, so now you're at Saturday, they get offers from Microsoft and they're actually like going to work at Microsoft now to lead and be the CEO of this new AI research division, blah, blah, blah. Meanwhile, all this is happening. And like all the, like, I've never seen a rally of employees do this, but basically Microsoft said any OpenAI employee has an open offer from Microsoft if they want to leave and that there would be jobs waiting for them. All of this stuff, really what I think was happening is the leading narrative, I think is OpenAI, don't forget, started as a nonprofit with the mission of, you know, creating AGI for the good of humanity. Right. And what it has become is obviously this massive entity that it now has a pretty large for profit arm. Right, for. With chat, GBt and GPT plus and all that. And to me it feels like there was a friction point. And the reason I brought up the dev day earlier was the rumor is, like, dev Day was a step too far and the board wasn't aware of the GPT store and launching all of this stuff. And so that was the story. That kind of one makes sense to me a little bit for a couple reasons. There's this other guy on the board, his name is Anthony D'Angelo or something. He's an actual Anthony.
Speaker B: It's amazing. Anthony D'anthony?
Speaker A: Yeah, Anthony D. Anthony of the Anthony family. He created this app called Poe. Have you ever used.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think we reported on it.
Speaker A: Back in the day, maybe, probably, but. So Poe's like this app, and it's almost like this aggregator of all these little AI apps, different LLMs people can build kind of these custom chat bots, very similar to what GPTs were. And so part of the theory was like, oh, this guy got pissed because it just obliterated his product.
Speaker B: For the record, I just looked up Anthony D'Angelo on Twitter and got Tony D'Angelo, 6ft tall, green eyes, horny af. It is not. This is not.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's the guy. That's the guy.
Speaker B: He's in construction and. Yeah, has a hammer.
Speaker A: That's the guy. Same guy. All right, Tony D'Angelo. Yeah. Anyway, so I don't know if that ends up being the real case. I don't think it is, because turns out, like, this guy's staying on the board after all of it. Right? So, like, I don't think that maybe would have been it, but that was the initial thought. But I do think there's credence to, like, this profit nonprofit thing, because part of what this means is, like, first of all, like, once you saw between Dev Day and the time you got fired, chat GPT saw a super increase in users. And they actually. So the quality was actually kind of degrading. It was going down a decent amount and just wasn't working like it normally did. And so the resources were clearly being strained a little bit, to the point where they actually had to. They've. It's still like this today, so it's been a couple weeks. They actually suspended signups. You cannot go buy a chat GPT plus account right now if you wanted to. They suspended signups because they couldn't take any more users with the resources. So actually you could go buy a chat GPT plus account on eBay. Really? Yeah, absolutely. So anyway, so this stuff's happening. And so when you think about, like, what the implications of that are versus, like, the nonprofit arm, which is really dedicated to resource or, sorry, research, you realize that, oh, there is a push and pull in the company of, like, where these resources should be allocated in terms of GPU's and compute. Right? Because it's limited. You only have so much compute power in the company. You can't just go buy more GPU's right now. There's this big GPU squeeze from Nvidia, which is basically the only people that make the GPU's that actually can run all these models, et cetera, et cetera. And so if you don't have them, you are forced to ration between one and the other. And so there's always. So the Zen theory became like, oh, people felt that it was being too commercialized and was not against the initial mission. And that's why he initially got voted out. Right. That, I think is probably the best theory. But so this is how wild the story is. And it all happened since Friday. So they fire him. We've got the new interim CEO. We've got them going to work for Microsoft. And then you've got this open invite for all employees to go work at Microsoft. And then all of a sudden it's like, well, we're actually, so this Ilya Sudskyver guy, the one with the bad hair, tweets on Monday morning, I think it is that he deeply regrets participating in this decision. And like, so now the tides are kind of swinging back a little bit. And now it comes out that they're trying to bring Sam back. And this is actually Sunday that this is happening. So apparently the new CEO, like I said, she wasn't totally aware that this was going to happen. She ends up being on team Sam and is kind of trying to get him back at OpenAI. And now Satya and Adela is, like, mediating this entire discussion between OpenAI, Altman, all of this stuff. And so this is what's happening on Sunday. They initially did decide, hey, Sam will go back if you replace all of the board. And the board is replaced with, you know, X, Y and Z people, yada, yada. They gave them a 12:00 p.m. eastern or, sorry, 12:00 p.m. pacific deadline on Sunday to kind of, you know, make a decision. The board, in theory, agrees at the time and then goes totally silent and says they need till 05:00 p.m. pacific. And so now they're totally silent and the clock is ticking. Everybody's looking around like, what's going on? 05:00 p.m. passes. And turns out during that time, they removed the interim CEO and hired a new CEO from outside the company. Guy's name is Emmett Shear, I believe, and he was actually the co founder of Twitch. And if you look at this guy's history talking about AI, he's, he's not, I wouldn't call him like a doomer, as in, like he thinks, you know, AI is going to be the end of society as you know it, but he's, but he's not, not that, right. He's much more conservative in terms of how he wants to approach the speed of AI development. All this stuff. He's on record with tweets saying it's going at a ten right now. I would slow it down to a two, which again, kind of supports the theory that it was more about this consumerism of it versus research and safety. Now you got this guy coming in as the CEO and the woman is out. And so this is all happening on Sunday, and it's just a total shit show. And so they finally. Then on Monday, Ilya tweets that he deeply regrets it all. The employees start tweeting out. OpenAI is nothing without its people. And there's like this big, long Twitter chain that goes on. It's like when you see a bunch of apes, quote, quote, tweeting each other, you know, that's kind of what this was like. And so this is all going on. And then you get this kind of, you get this news that the new CEO basically asks for written documentation of, like, why Sam was removed. And then he says, like, if you can't provide me that, I'm a, I will not be CEO. And nobody could provide anything of the sort. And so this whole thing turns into, you know, another shit show where still uncertain. Then Satya and Sam come out and say that they're talking about him rejoining OpenAI. Sam tweets this picture of him wearing a OpenAI lanyard that says guesthouse. And it says, you know, first and last time I'll ever wear one of these. And, you know, so it's kind of cryptic, of like, is he coming back or is he just gonna say f you after this or whatever? But he was. I feel like he took the highest of high roads almost the whole time. But it turns out in the middle of the night last night, which I pinned to the top, this was 15 hours ago, it says, we've reached an agreement in principle for Sam Altman to return to OpenAI as the CEO with a new initial board of Brett Taylor, Larry Summers, Adam D'Angelo. Sorry, it's Adam.
Speaker B: Yeah, I know.
Speaker A: Not Anthony. There you go. Sorry. We're collaborating to figure out the details. Thanks so much for your patience.
Speaker B: I mean, if anybody out there is horny af, please follow Anthony D'Angelo.
Speaker A: Oh, I mean, yeah. And then they tweeted this one.
Speaker B: So where's our buddy? The one, that one that left with him.
Speaker A: Well, so this one, this is the one I just tweeted. So 13 hours ago, OpenAI, quote, tweeted Greg Brockman, who posted a picture, a selfie of him. And I guess most of the OpenAI staff there, that says, we are so back. So he's back. And then the OpenAI is nothing without his people. So they're both back. And, um, you know, I guess no harm, no foul. We'll see. But, but we still no we still don't officially know. Um, but I think you can kind of. Oh, so again. And so then they replaced those initial board members, which this Adam D'Angelo guy was on the board initially. He's not replaced, which tells me that Poe thing is probably not correct. Right? So, but the people who were, were the two women on the board. One of them was. One of them was some actor's wife. And I don't really know what her credentials were outside of that. The other one is. Was a researcher and big into like, the AI safety stuff and all of that. So the theory is, oh, by the way, my wife just walked in and handed me the irig.
Speaker B: Nice.
Speaker A: So it did come in. There you go. Because I don't leave my dungeon. Anyway. But she was replaced. So people were thinking, okay, maybe it was kind of her that is, you know, responsible for flipping the whole board on him in the first place. But who knows?
Speaker B: The Yoko of OpenAI?
Speaker A: Is that what we're saying? Yoko AI was what they actually intended to rename it. But I mean, this is probably the best case scenario, right? Like, there was a lot of up in the air things over the weekend where like, all right, well, what's the scenario if they go to Microsoft because of the partnership, it's like, okay, what do they have access to? Do they have access to model weights? Can they just kind of use and build on what already exists? Do they have to go build their own and train something themselves? All of this stuff? And now what you have instead is these guys back at OpenAI with what will seem like kind of this renewed focus. Because now everybody in theory, is bought into Sam's vision, right? They brought them back. They're all tweeting in solidarity. Like, it's probably all systems go now, and you're probably going to see them, like, build and ship crazy shit in the next because you gotta think, like, whatever was the friction point is now gone, right? So I don't know. I think the story ends as well as it could for Sam Altman and probably the. Probably the world, I think. I don't know, the. It also came out that, like, this, the woman that was removed from the board wrote this big long essay or whatever, kind of describing what was wrong. And she said somewhere in there, I don't know, exact detail, basically, that the decision to potentially blow up open AI was what was best for humanity. And like, oh, well, that's, that's quite the statement, right? So, like, what, what could the reason have been? Maybe it is this AGI stuff and it's happening just way faster than, you know, people are comfortable. Some people were comfortable with, but you don't really know. We'll see. But, I mean, he did kind of on the dev day, he said, um, you know, I hope you come back next year, because what we just announced today is going to look quaint, comparatively, which really, which is also quite the statement. Right. So, you know, and there's also been these things in the past where, like, a couple weeks or a month ago or so on Reddit, he posted something that said, like, AGI has been achieved internally. So, like, there's all these rumors going around, like, what the actual thing is. But that's the TLDR 40 minutes version of TLDR on all of the OpenAI saga. What say you?
Speaker B: I mean, it's idea.
Speaker A: It was this deep.
Speaker B: I figured it probably, like, that sounds about right, to be honest. I was expecting more salacious details, not from you, but in just in general.
Speaker A: So how about this one? The guy with the bad hair. Yeah, the guy with the bad hair tweeted 33 minutes ago.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Quote. Tweeted that OpenAI thing and said, there exists no sentence in any language that conveys how happy I am. Which I take, like, big umbrans with this guy.
Speaker B: Is that a positive?
Speaker A: That's a positive. He's saying he's happy, he's back, and it's all working out, whatever. But, like, he was complicit. This is part of, this is, like, partially his fault.
Speaker B: Is that Ilya? Is that who we're talking about?
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker B: So sorry, I thought he was out. Is he still in?
Speaker A: He's still in, I think. Oh, I don't.
Speaker B: He wasn't one of the. I didn't see him in the list of names.
Speaker A: Maybe he. But he wanted to keep open AI together. Who knows? I don't. I don't know at this point. It's.
Speaker B: That's interesting. It's funny because as this was happening, I was, I was, I was wrapped up in a separate, you know, I would say not obviously not as big, but definitely a fairly big, controversial kind of thing that was happening in the comedy world. This is, this is what's happening in my life. You're an AI guy. I'm a comedy guy. Are you familiar with the comedian Matt rife? Have you seen what's been happening with this guy?
Speaker A: I haven't seen what he actually said. I saw, like, one headline that said he had some controversial thing on his new special or a show that he did, and people were up in arms about it. And then I didn't actually read the article because I don't like to read. So I went straight to the comments and the comments were like, oh, this isn't even offensive. It's his style. And I didn't even know what it was. They didn't dig into that. So I just was like, okay, it seems like a non.
Speaker B: I'll give you, I'll give you the Tldr. Matt rife.
Speaker A: Wait, one thing first, before we totally switch topics. Our friend one in a million who we haven't seen in a while, hope you're well, buddy, posted. He said this is real time. And so he has a screenshot of him watching tv. The new board is Brett Taylor, so former Salesforce CEO, Larry Summers, former treasury secretary, and Tony D'Angelo. And it also says Microsoft hits new highs. Altman's return impact on shareholders. So out of all of this, Microsoft is now just booming. That's in real time. So thank you for that one in a million. Hope you're well. He also is ragging on Steve and Chris for not putting coffee with captain out as a podcast anymore. And I will be the first to say that is definitely probably mine and chambers fault. So don't.
Speaker B: Don't know. Listen. Okay. I can't believe you even said that.
Speaker A: Okay, guy, we don't have the bandwidth.
Speaker B: I'm about to. I'm about to. Sam Altman up in here.
Speaker A: Guy, guy, guy, look, don't guy me, guy. They do 50 hours of. 50 hours of content a week. Yeah, we don't have, we don't have the funds to pay for that.
Speaker B: No, no, no. But, like, I mean, I don't know about you, but I put out my own show every time, time we do one. So between Steve and Cap, they can put out their own show.
Speaker A: No, that's not the point. The point is that. The point is that we don't have the available hours on our normal plan to put out 50 hours of podcasts.
Speaker B: I mean, hey, this is not me. This is not my show. If Cap. If Cap and Steve want to put out a podcast, they can put out a podcast.
Speaker A: Maybe they should start a new podcast.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, that, that, that would be my two cent.
Speaker A: Definitely not 1 million effort. Well, it's, it's, well, it's partially our fault. Definitely. I mean, it's listening right now anyway.
Speaker B: Steve's coming up here and he's going to defend my honor.
Speaker A: I doubt.
Speaker B: Because this is some.
Speaker A: Oh, my God, we're getting open. AI style drama.
Speaker D: As I recall, the conversation went something to line of work. Too far to put your podcast anymore. Oh, by the way, you don't get your producer anymore. We're taking it. I recall that conversation is something to that degree changing. So what?
Speaker B: And then it was. It's. Okay. Put it.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: But, um, hey, I cannot, cannot, absolutely cannot absolve yourself of all responsibility here.
Speaker A: Now.
Speaker D: I will take my piece of the blame pie. I'll take my piece of the blame pie that I have not taken the initiative to pay, download, or do anything.
Speaker A: So.
Speaker D: Absolutely. I probably have, like, all you have.
Speaker B: To do is all you have to do. We have all of the. All I do is I download the audio from zealous, which.
Speaker D: Which Chris and I do not have.
Speaker B: Access to many times.
Speaker A: Bunch, you and I just don't know.
Speaker B: Hundred percent correct. Bunch, you and I have both told you explicitly, I followed the bunch.
Speaker D: You, Bunch, you was my customer support. I followed.
Speaker B: All right, so you downloaded from zealous.
Speaker A: Can't get to it.
Speaker B: Upload it to Buzzsprouth, and it's. It's all you have to do. It's all you have to do. And then you can appease your. Your. Your consumers and.
Speaker A: Listen, I would.
Speaker D: Look, if chamber is willing to give us access to zealous, I would appreciate. That would be awesome.
Speaker B: This is.
Speaker A: But.
Speaker D: But I hope.
Speaker B: But look, I mean, where's Sam?
Speaker A: I would just like to say that I'm taking the full blame, whereas each of you are only slicing off a tiny piece.
Speaker D: Yeah, no, I will take. I will take my percentage of the blame. I would say chamber, about 96%. I'll take 4%. I think that's fair. A fair split. And. No, I'll let Chamber get to the Matt rife stuff, though, because Matt rife is definitely in some. In some trouble, but just had to come up here and defend the honor of. Not chamber, but of myself.
Speaker A: Look, I'm on record. I'm on record with the blame pie. So there you go.
Speaker B: Listen, but, Steve, where I come from. Where I come from, if you want stuff done, you do it yourself. Call me old. Call me old fashioned.
Speaker D: If Canada ever got in trouble, the United States would absolutely have to build it. There's no way you would do it.
Speaker B: Okay, sure, sure.
Speaker A: Canadians. Canada is a war horse, and we didn't even know it. Right? Absolutely.
Speaker B: You don't even know.
Speaker A: All right, tell me about Matt Rife.
Speaker B: So, Matt Rife. Steve's probably a huge Matt rife fan up until last weekend. A terrible comedian.
Speaker A: You think he's terrible?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, overrated as fuck. Yeah, yeah. Listen here. Okay, let's pain comedy. So, yeah, yeah. I mean, just, you know, in my opinion, I always say there's two classes of comedian. There's the class of comics that other comics, like, so, you know, like stadium rock. Like a hundred percent. Yeah. You know what I'm talking? So, uh, I didn't even. This guy wasn't even on my radar until recently.
Speaker A: He's a tick tock. He's been. That's exactly how he's gotten. Popularity is.
Speaker B: So recently, my wife's cousins, uh, texted us and said, hey, this guy's going on tour. Do you want to go? And I'm like, who the fuck is this guy? Turns out, I checked it out. I was like, oh, this guy's no good. So he.
Speaker A: I would classify him as, like, bro comic.
Speaker B: So that's what you would think. But, like, 80% of his audience was female, so.
Speaker A: Oh, I meant, like, hot bro comic, right?
Speaker B: Like, yeah, okay, sure.
Speaker A: If you just search. If you google search Matt rife, half of them have. He's got his shirt off.
Speaker B: I didn't even know that was crazy.
Speaker A: And not in the. Not in the Burt Kreischner way.
Speaker B: Like, not in the fun way.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker A: In the Angelo way.
Speaker B: Correct. I posted. I pinned him up.
Speaker A: Yes, I see it right there.
Speaker B: So, like I said, 80% of his following and his fan base was female. Apparently he was getting, like, he was getting flack from other comedians about that. So as a bro, which he totally. This guy totally is, he was just like, I can't have chicks being, you know, 80% of my following. So he said, I'm putting out this special through Netflix, and basically went out and said, this one's for the boys. And goes on, boy. Like, yeah, goes on. Like, his opener was a terrible joke. And I. When I say terrible, I don't mean in bad taste, because I love poor taste jokes. It was just a bad, unfunny joke about a waitress who was serving them that had a black eye, and it's like, oh, can't we just put her in the kitchen? And they're like, well, you know, if she could be in the kitchen, she probably wouldn't have a black eye. You know what I mean? I was just like, oh, my God.
Speaker A: Oh, that's shades of old school day. Vattel.
Speaker B: Like, Dave, it tells kind of funny, but David Patel kind of pisses me off sometimes, too. But I mean, Dave, it tell is a comic. This guy is just unfunny. And so anyways, he gets. And then he goes on. And basically the special is basically that he's trying to win over his bro fans and really alienate the vast majority of his actual fans. So then gets all this flack and then puts out like a tweet or something saying, like, if you've been offended by any of my jokes, here's a link to my apology. And if you clicked on the link, it took you to a shopping tab for special needs helmets, which, again, I think it's not even that funny. You know what I mean? Like, special need helmet is so, like 1993. It's just not that you can do better. And a lot of people were. Were comparing him to Daniel Tosh, who, in my opinion, an extremely funny comedian who can be. Who can push the envelope, but does it in a way that's hilarious.
Speaker A: When he gets offensive, he blames it on you.
Speaker B: Exactly. Exactly. There's a way to do those things. Everything. Our friend of the show, Gilbert Godfrey, great friend of the show, Rip, famously was a comic that would do that continuously, was in fact, fired from his sponsorship with. Was it Affleck? I was gonna say Geico, but with.
Speaker A: Affleck.
Speaker B: Because of some jokes he made, you know, that probably were a little too soon.
Speaker A: Little known fact, Gilbert Godfrey was actually Flo before Flo.
Speaker B: Hi, I'm Flo. So, yeah, so I thought a shitty comedian tried to appease to a new, or tried to appeal to a new audience because he was embarrassed about his current audience and I think lost everything. That's the TLDR.
Speaker A: I'm pretty sure that's the exact same story arc OpenAI followed.
Speaker B: That's what I'm saying. Like you were saying.
Speaker A: I'm like, I'm all the way back story, except instead of posting the link to the helmets, they rehired Sam. That was the right.
Speaker B: I think Netflix is gonna take down his special. Yeah.
Speaker A: Do you think they're going to?
Speaker B: My guess is probably Netflix is kind of bitches like that. I say let it stand and let the, you know, if people want to watch it, they can watch it. Uh, but let the. Let the numbers speak for themselves. But.
Speaker A: So did you actually watch the whole special?
Speaker B: I watched, like, 30 minutes. 30 minutes of it, and I got enough of it. About half.
Speaker A: All right, well, we only have a couple minutes left. We have two folks up here that want to, uh, participate in this dreadful conversation. So let's.
Speaker B: 1St.
Speaker A: 1St go to Joe. Joe. GM.
Speaker E: Hey, gM. I just popped up to, like, say you did a really good job breaking down the open AI thing. But if you want to go and kind of read about why there's this sort of war that's happening, go and read about effective altruism and sort of like, they're at their Scientology.
Speaker A: Where have we heard that before?
Speaker E: Right? They're at their Scientology moment where they make the wife disappear. I don't know if you guys, like, remember when what's his David miscavige guy made his wife disappear, and, like, no one's seen her.
Speaker B: Has she been seen, by the way?
Speaker E: She's just gone. So that's kind of like the stage that they're at in this cult. And it kind of affects a lot of what, like, these 7000 white dudes are doing. And the reason that short Joseph Gordon Levitt's wife is on the board is.
Speaker A: Because that's whose real big. Oh, my God.
Speaker E: He's real big in the EA movement. So I just thought I would, like, throw that out.
Speaker A: So, like, this makes perfect sense then, to my theory earlier, Joe, which was, like, the real rub here was the profit versus nonprofit, the effective altruism stuff versus the capitalistic side of it all makes much, much more sense.
Speaker E: Let's be honest here. They all want to make as much money as possible. They just then wanted to get to decide which one of them gets to so shape the world the way they want to shape it, because that's what EA is about at the end. You know, if you guys aren't familiar, the audience, like, SBF was like, yeah.
Speaker A: That'S where I was gonna just go next.
Speaker E: Yeah. And there's a lot of, like, polyamorous.
Speaker B: What's ea?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker E: Effective altruism.
Speaker B: Sorry.
Speaker E: Yeah, so just. And that's like, it feeds into sort of the bro culture of, like, the web two web three hybrid vc movement. So you have, like, different cultures of VC's, and you're like, either, like, a web two vc or like, this kind of hybrid web three bro VC. And then you're, like, not in that club because you're not a white guy. And so you just, like, look at those people and you're just like, what the fuck? So that's, like, what's going on?
Speaker A: Well, ironically, now the board is all white guys, right? Rather than the two or the. The two women that were on the board before. Now you're. Now you're just chock full of old white guys. So the.
Speaker E: Just as it should be, right?
Speaker A: Easy. Rife. Easy, Matt. Rife.
Speaker E: So that. Yeah, go read about that. And then, like, bang your head really hard against the wall and then be like, why are we giving these people so much money?
Speaker A: So, yeah, I mean, it's just a crazy, crazy story. I don't even know, like, I don't even know how it's gonna shake out. But I think. I think I'm happy with the outcome as somebody who's kind of like, building on these tools and stuff, because, you know, if the. If it happened where they ended up at, Microsoft ended up having to kind of like retrain models and things like that, there's a huge time gap that happens. And if OpenAI was then leaning towards, okay, back to research, well, that means your chat is probably going to not be supported as hard. Your APIs might be not supported or degraded or things like that. And the products that we've been building on or using would probably suffer greatly. So I think it's the best outcome for that scenario. Not so much the effective altruism crowd, but we'll see. All right, we got a couple more minutes here. One in a million. You first. We haven't seen you in a while, GM. Hope you're well. And look what you started, GM.
Speaker F: Boys, before I potentially miss my trivia question I wanted to throw out there, I did not mean to start the classic Thanksgiving day table fight between the DJ network founders. That was not my intention. Sorry.
Speaker A: I mean, look, I've seen you. I've seen you chatting about the podcast in a couple of spaces, and I don't think anyone's giving you a response. So I was just going to give you the real deal, Ali McBeal, and tell you it was all my fault. So I appreciate that.
Speaker F: I mean, take responsibility, right?
Speaker B: Not. It's not his fault.
Speaker A: Well, it's chambers fault.
Speaker F: Is it potentially that I'm the only one listening to the podcast that wanted.
Speaker B: I mean, that's a strong possibility. That's a strong possibility. The. The influx of voices beckoning for the podcast is a few and far between.
Speaker A: I've got a. I've got a spreadsheet of everybody who's asked where the podcast was, and I'll send it to you right after this newsletter. It's just you.
Speaker F: It's just me. All right, well, all right.
Speaker A: So it's the same number of people who ask for our podcast.
Speaker F: Yes, I still listen one and a half times. That's a lot of my time.
Speaker A: So that's the thing. You would need three times for coffee with captain to get it in the same amount of time that you have, you know, because they go for 2 hours plus every day. So you need you need to listen to Steve on ondezenhe rapid mode.
Speaker F: Well, that's my masterclass, so I appreciate it when it's out there, so that's all I'm saying. Okay, guys, are you going to ask me a trivia question or should I just throw out?
Speaker B: Of course. No, I have a chamber. Okay. It's, you know, we're coming into the Christmas season. By the way, it's, it's thanksgiving weekend for Americans. I'm getting my Christmas tree this weekend because that's when I normally get it. Are there a lot of Christmas trees up America during thanksgiving?
Speaker A: My neighbors have their Christmas tree up. It was the first one I've seen. We could see it from my window, so it is definitely there. We'll probably put ours up sometime in the next week as well.
Speaker B: Okay, interesting. All right, I was curious. Okay. One in a million. I think you're canadian, right? You're canadian.
Speaker F: No, in heart. Oh, you are spirit.
Speaker A: No. Chicagoanh.
Speaker F: Yes.
Speaker B: Oh, but heart and spirit. All right, I feel ya, I feel ya. Uh, okay. In frosty the snowman, what are frosty's eyes made out of?
Speaker F: I'm gonna have to go with so carrot for the nose.
Speaker B: You got it.
Speaker A: Cool. I was gonna say, dude, you have like four kids.
Speaker F: You got it. I want to say Cole, but.
Speaker B: So it's a, it's a corn cob, pipe butt nose and made out of coal.
Speaker A: Tony. It is what we were looking at.
Speaker B: It's Tony. Yeah, the hammer. It was.
Speaker A: Yes. Okay, thank you.
Speaker F: All right, so chamber. You guys don't celebrate thanksgiving in Canada?
Speaker B: No, we celebrate it in an appropriate time in mid October.
Speaker A: Mid October.
Speaker F: All right, well, that makes sense.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's great. Oh, it's. I argue that's the best time to have thanksgiving because, you know, the leaves are changing. It's still kind of nice outside. You can do lots of outdoor activities. You go for a little, little Thanksgiving hikes and it's, and it's, it's separated far enough from Christmas where you can have two turkeys.
Speaker F: You go to your cabin for that?
Speaker B: Well, I live in a cabin, so I just.
Speaker F: You don't have a separate cabin? All right.
Speaker B: No, no, that's for the rich people, the Richie hockey play hockey players have.
Speaker F: Okay. All right, so here's my question for you guys. Hopefully ended on a good note. I know you like to get out at 359, usually my time, but favorite.
Speaker B: It's a hard stop here. We got a hard fucking favorite side.
Speaker F: And favorite dessert for thanksgiving. No matter where you're at.
Speaker B: Bunch, you want to hit this one first since it's probably top of mind for you. And honestly, the bunch spread is bunch bread is solid. It's legendary with the bunch bread.
Speaker A: The best side for me is the sweet potatoes with the marshmallows. It's my favorite thing.
Speaker B: I've probably never had that. And it sounds fucking delicious.
Speaker A: Oh, it is. I feel like it's controversial, though. I feel like most people are not a fan, but it's my favorite.
Speaker B: Really. I see it. Like I was gonna say in all the media that I see of american Thanksgiving, I see that fairly frequently. For me, my favorite side, I think, is gotta be stuffing stuff.
Speaker A: The classic one too.
Speaker B: Yeah, I gotta go. Stuffing.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And then what was the other one? Dessert.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker F: And your dessert?
Speaker A: Mine are kind of the same thing. The dessert, I think classic pumpkin pie. Probably my favorite.
Speaker B: I go, I go. Apple pie. I think apple pie was better. Yeah, pumpkin pie is gross, for the record, but I mean, not gross. It's just the least tasty of pies.
Speaker F: Have you guys ever heard of grasshopper pie? That would be my number one.
Speaker B: Is it made out of grasshopper?
Speaker F: Absolutely not. But I do tell my kids it is, and they love that it's more of the grasshopper cocktail. So it's like creme de menthe. It's got an Oreo crust, some sort of like whipped cream filling. It is absolutely delicious. I would suggest you google it and try it.
Speaker B: All right, I'm excited. I'm excited for some grasshopper pie. All right. Bunch of my kids knocking on the door. She wants to go horseback riding.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm actually late for our next show. We are doing thanksgiving djen bets today. So you are you right over to hang out with me? Steve Phonics and J web, I believe.
Speaker B: Are not available as a podcast.
Speaker A: Not available as a podcast, no. But I did try to make you qualified for chamber.
Speaker E: Some parts of the world, our leaves don't fall down and change colors.
Speaker B: That's magic land.
Speaker E: Like, I hear these fuckers still are green and they just blow off when the wind blows. And I have to clean up good, decent green leaves. So I don't really care when thanksgiving is because I get none of the festivities.
Speaker B: You live in magic world though.
Speaker E: Like, you know, that's hot and, you know.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's all right, Bunch. Let's wrap this thing up.
Speaker A: All right. That's gonna do it for us. Happy thanksgiving to all that are celebrating. Thanks for coming out. We'll be back on Monday. Until next time, don't get wrecked, and that is financial advice. Bye.
