Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Degen Network, the only community based web three media network, bringing you the very best content in the NFT and cryptocurrency space. Please visit dgen.net work and check out our other great shows. That's Degen dgen.net work. Welcome to the future. On today's episode of the Mint condition. Did you mint a gobbler? Is blur IO's volume for real? Is it up only here for crypto this? And lots more on today's show. Let's start it. Hello and welcome to the Mint condition. I am a host. My name is Chamber. You may know me. We are rudderless without our fearless leader, Bunshu, who is dealing with some sort of child emergency. I think he actually has to parent for a few minutes, is what it turns out to be. I think, nonetheless, myself and Des are here, which is really, I think, what most people come here for. Des, how you doing today, man?
Speaker B: I've never let a child hold me down from this podcast. I've literally had a child strapped to my chest while doing the podcast. So I don't think there's really any excuses. But the good news is that cold open by yours truly, Chamber was fantastic.
Speaker A: So I was gonna say was terrible. It was. Will never happen again. Yeah, lots. I don't know about you. Like, I feel like, is there. Is there a little bit of life in the. In the space right now? Like, I feel. I feel like there's something brewing. We had, like, we had some positive momentum, you know, with the. Within the price of ethereum and bitcoin. You know, we had. We had a mint that was like a. It got to double digits. I don't know if it's still there. Like, it. Is it just me or am I crazy?
Speaker B: I think you. I think there's a little bit of excitement and energy around the space. I am, you know, I don't know. I feel like we're also, like, just one bad event from just going completely bare again. It's crazy. I think we're just, like, at that weird teeter of either being on, like, the edge of a bull run or on the edge of another bear fall down. But I mean, do you think that one person.
Speaker A: Yeah, I was gonna say, do you think that that, like, one thing is an external factor? Like, in my mind, it's always like, world War. Like, we're on the cusp of World War Three, and that's gonna just, you know, make the all market shit the bed of, and we're all going to go to zero. Is that what you're saying? Or is it something more internal within web three itself that will cause that?
Speaker B: That's true. I don't think it's ever just like one catalyst, unless it is like a World war three situation or just a complete market collapse. I think a bear run could happen over a multitude of events within the NFT market. So I think it's internal. Something internal could happen to create another fair kind of fall down with nfts. But you're right, it's not just like a one moment catalyst internally within nfts that could cause it. But I mean, ever since people started getting into Reddit and the excitement around that, that's provided a little bit of boost. I'll tell you what, the headlines, Twitter conversations and spaces have definitely seen an uplift due to the art gobblers discussion, which, you know, we'll talk about today. But, but, yeah, overall, I think there's some good energy. I did see what someone posted a thread on ETh because EtH has been doing really well. And it was like showing the insane amount of reduction of the ETH that has been put into the ecosystem through mining. And it's crazy. It's, it's, it's absolutely like, for the time spanish, it's been, it's been like 5 million. And if it were like, you know, before proof of, proof of stake, it would have been like $800 million. It's actually, it's crazy. And then the number of wallets that hold an ether more has just been really steadily climbing, honestly, for, for a while now, and it's still growing. So that's, that's solid.
Speaker A: Honestly, that's, that's super interesting. A lot of people are talking, you know, this could be a trap. You know, one last push up before, you know, you know, what did they say? Staircase up, elevator down. Like, we could see some of that, but I don't know. We'll see, we'll see. I'm, I'm hesitant still. There's some, there's some, you know, there's some price points I'd like to capture and make, you know, make a foundation with. We haven't hit those yet. We're kind of in a little bit of a limbo right now. Bunch put out a terrific daily update on our, in our discord that kind of summarizes that really, really nicely. So if you're not in our discord, make sure to check that out. And honestly, did you actually read it this time? I did read it. I mean, I, I looked at it. I mean, reading is.
Speaker B: You're a skimmer, you're a skimmer.
Speaker A: I'm a skimmer. I'm a Tldr kind of guy. But it was good. He did provide images, which helped me a lot as a person who likes picture.
Speaker B: I'm a visual learner. Yeah, absolutely.
Speaker A: But you mentioned spaces. Shout out to Steve and Chris, nft bark and Captain Zwingli, the hosts of, I think, like the top spaces in the NFT spaces. Coffee with captain.
Speaker B: I would literally say it's like coffee with the captain folks thing, which he does is rug radio and like, Ryan Carson's thing are probably the three biggest spaces. And dude, how amazing is that? Freaking.
Speaker A: Absolutely, Chris. Man, I don't know how people listen to them every day, but good for them. It's terrific. No. That being said, though, not to, not to bury the lead. There was a recent top 90. I didn't know. I didn't know this. There was 90 NFT podcasts in the, in the podcast ecosystem. Do you know where we landed? It was updated as of October 27. We were number two.
Speaker B: No way.
Speaker A: Number two. Number two only outdone by the nifty show. So everybody else, there are a lot of better shows, but I will take number two. Ideally, get to number one at some point.
Speaker B: Who's writing this crap? Is it, is it an article written?
Speaker A: I'm going to be honest. It's me the whole time. Yeah, yeah, no, it's, uh. I forget, I forget the, uh. Do I have it here? One sec. Um, no, somebody had posted it. Yes, definitely independent, I would say. Uh, nobody internal. Uh, because if it was me, Chris.
Speaker B: Jordan and Steve park.
Speaker A: Oh, and they actually made the list without even being a podcast. I think they were 41st. So even a non podcast basis made us a podcast list. So good for them as well. So hopefully we get some of our other shows. Be sure to check out. We got a bunch of shows dropping today, by the way, so just after our show, Alpha afternoons airs at 530 Eastern. And then there's a special, beloved Jouelzy where they discuss their art gobbler minting whole situation that we're gonna put out at 08:00 tonight, so be sure to check that out. I think that leads us into a good conversation, because I saw a lot of people making money on our, on art gobblers over the past few days. I was not one of those people. I'm not very familiar with what it is. It really kind of, you know, I've been kind of securing my bags as much as I could over the past, you know, few months. I'm not really diving into new projects. Do you know much about these. These gobblers?
Speaker B: You know, I didn't. But when a Freeman commands the price of 15 Eth to now, I think it's like 21 Eth, you know, I have to do my due diligence and take a look. So I went down the rabbit hole of figuring out, like, what is art gobblers and why is it so attractive to people? And why is there so much hate? Because my initial reaction was, damn, it's just another influencer pumped. They gave a whole bunch of free mints to the top influencers. They're going to pump it, they're going to sell their bag to their holders, or, you know, some person who's wanting to get in on next hype train. And, you know, I will say, like, there is justification of being mad at the fact that, like, all these free mints go to the top influencers. That does happen. And, like, people can.
Speaker A: Look, we're the number two. We're the number two podcast. We didn't receive a thing. I actually checked. I'm like, maybe I got one. So I tried. I tried hooking up my wallet to the site the other day, and I did not get.
Speaker B: Turns out we haven't made it there yet. I know. Look at, this is dedication. I take back everything.
Speaker A: Look at this. Not even hiding behind an astro costume.
Speaker C: We got, you know, sometimes you have a little kid duty overlap and you have a podcast to do, and so the show must go on. So here I have with me Graham.
Speaker A: Look at this guy. What a, what a handsome devil. Look at this guy. Hey, buddy.
Speaker C: We'll go on mute and only talk when spoken to, but here we are. We're here for the next couple.
Speaker A: I feel. I feel Graham wants to know about art gobblers. He's like, what's, what's.
Speaker C: Well, he's more of a fart gobbler himself, but, you know, we're out in these art gobbler streets. He does art that looks a lot like the art gobbler reveal. Um, so that's where we're at here.
Speaker A: Amazing. Amazing.
Speaker B: I think we have an opportunity. We only have about a twelve hour opportunity, but we could, we could mint some fart gobblers to people the fairway. And I think we could. I think we could take over. I'll get into it. Yeah, I think we do. Okay. Um, by the way, Graham definitely looks excited for his new sibling that is minting next week.
Speaker C: Minting yeah, minting next week, next Tuesday, I think, is going to be the day. So Graham will have a brother, and, you know, he'll always be able to say that he made his podcast debut before his brother did. So, Graham, welcome to the world of podcasting. Someday he'll listen to the hours and hours of content that one of us and be very embarrassed of all the things that we do here.
Speaker B: But, yeah, God, no kidding. That's amazing. This ranks up there. But I still think one of the best moments NFts over the last two years is seeing Peter Jennings, like 20 minutes old baby on an NFT podcast. I thought that was just the craziest thing.
Speaker C: I remember that.
Speaker A: That's fantastic. It turns out we're gonna next episode of Min Condition will be live stream from the delivery room next Tuesday. So be there. If she can hold off to Wednesday at four, that would be ideal for the brand. But I mean, we could be flexible, I think. All right, let's check out. I did not realize, by the way, I'm just pulling up the opensea on this. They're, the floor is 18 and a half heath on these things. Like, what the hell? I thought it was. Well, it was.
Speaker B: It was up to 20 earlier when I checked, so it, you know, obviously very volatile, but. All right, so I'm going to get into it. So I totally understand if people get upset with how it's minted, how the free spots are given to the influencers, how they're not given to, you know, chamber bunch, you and I, if you're mad about that, I totally understand now. The ecosystem that they're building is actually kind of cool in a sense. It's. And it's oddly very similar to what I think the original plan for Ute's was, which has probably changed a little bit. What's the ha. Frickety hot. Did you sell your whole bag? So now you're no longer supporting it with me 100%. Damn it, chamber. Damn it, chamber. All right, so anyways, yeah, forget youths then. So art gobblers is this idea. You see their little tummies, you see their tummies. It's all about their tummies.
Speaker A: So.
Speaker B: The concept is that you are able to take art that anyone can make. You can go onto the art gobbler site right now, and it's going to pull it up like, like windows and or Windows 95, like paint studio. Like, you can literally just paint any kind of image you want and you can create it as a draft now with enough goo, which goo is kind of like, the buzzword that everyone's talking about, which is the year seats 20, token that when you stake your art gobbler, you get. So you stake. You're getting goo, which is basically like the ecosystem currency. You can take one of those drafts someone drew. You drew chamber drew. I could have someone else commissioned to draw one. I could have tinker Hatfield from Nike draw me a kind of goo portrait, whatever. Whatever connections you have, and then you can take that and then put it in the belly of your art gobbler for enough goo. So your art gobbler is essentially like.
Speaker C: Your gallery, this kind of like a. It's kind of like an art force type of thing here. Like, you can into your. Into the stomach of your gobbler, and.
Speaker B: It does become its own art piece as well. So that's important. So, like the. This sideways are two separate drawing.
Speaker C: Yeah. Are two separate tokens created, or is it just one?
Speaker B: It's two. Well, it's. No, it's all right. It's one new token created. When you glaminate. That's the word they use when you pay enough goo to make this wonderful goo nutsack. An NFT. That becomes an NFT, and then your main. Your main art gobbler does. Can hold in the belly, that goo nut sack, that chambers drawing. I just have to, because we're an audio podcast, I have to describe it to our audio only listeners. What's happening?
Speaker C: I think you did a great job. I think you did a great job.
Speaker B: Sounds like Graham agrees.
Speaker C: So he wasn't a fan of the reveal?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: Rarely we ever are.
Speaker A: There you go. Great.
Speaker B: So, yeah, you can take that masterpiece that chamber just made as a draft, pay enough goo, get that thing made into an art gobbler NFT, and then also display it under your belly gallery. That is your art gobbler.
Speaker A: That's interesting. I mean, it's something. It's something different.
Speaker B: It's something different. There's a lot you can do with the goo as well. You can also use it to create more art gobblers, but it takes a lot of goo, but you can actually create multiple art gobblers from your goo, and then you can buy, like, pages to create those nfts that we talked about.
Speaker C: You can.
Speaker B: There's a deflationary aspect. I think you can burn two art gobblers to create a legendary art gobbler, which I don't know why the hell you'd ever burn a 20 e NFT, but, you know, to each his own. Maybe it's worth it.
Speaker A: So I'm thinking this provides, like I've always been, I've said for a long time now, like, airdrops create bull runs. And this is essentially in an inadvertent airdrop because now all of a sudden a bunch of people have 510, 1520 more eth that they did not have before. There's buyers for these. I mean, I'm gonna, I'm gonna pull up some of the, some of the daily activity on it, but I mean, this could have some long term benefit or at least short term benefit. Maybe between now and the new year, maybe. Am I crazy?
Speaker B: Well, I think it depends though. Like, I mean, if the influencers getting these free mints and getting the free 15 to 20 e, then it's not going to really change much. It's the airdrops that are like super public. And to everyone who's trading and, you know, everyone, it's more impactful, I think. Like, if, you know, 100,000 people get $15 in their pocket versus like, if, you know, 100 people.
Speaker A: So what was, what was like, what were people getting up in arms about? Like, who was this going to, like, you know, I'm trying to understand why people were so upset.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, there's definitely a good amount of cope within it that, you know, someone else got one and you didn't get one. Um, but you know, essentially it did go to some of their like early community, I think. I think they said they sent out 2000 nfts, but they held back, I think maybe like 300 or something, three to 500 for like their own use. And then like the 1500 went to a combination of community members, artists, social influencers, things like that. So it's a mixed bag, but, you know, a majority or a good amount of the nfts went to people of influence.
Speaker C: Did you see what Goo is going for on the open market? One goo was like 1.2 eth.
Speaker A: What?
Speaker B: That's crazy. That's absolutely stupid.
Speaker C: I mean, it can't possibly sustain, but like, that's still wild.
Speaker A: Be safe out there, people, but don't buy the top of the goo.
Speaker B: Be safe. And they actually say, if you don't own an art gobbler, buying goo makes zero sense. On their website is clear as day under faqs. If I don't own an art gobbler, should I go buy goo? And their answer is flat out, absolutely not. So I respect that.
Speaker A: No, that's good. That's what they want you to. That's what they want. You think you could trade that to five five ease, maybe. No, don't do that. Don't. These. These types of things, when they happen fast like this, super dangerous. I'm guilty of it myself. I bought a few moonbirds at the. At the tippy top. You know, you gotta. You gotta watch out. You gotta watch out for these things. I may have purchased a ute at the Tippy top. We'll see. It's tough to say, so just be careful. When things happen very quickly like this, that's the most dangerous time. So be safe out there, people. That's. That's some good financial advice.
Speaker B: Yeah, it is.
Speaker C: Des, do you. You don't own an art gobbler, right? You're. You're not in the club?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker C: Okay, interesting.
Speaker B: No, I'm not in the cool club. Honestly, after reading through the website, I kind of wish I owned an art goblet, if I'm being dead honest. Just for the experiment of it. And, you know, I like their.
Speaker A: I.
Speaker B: Their concept of letting users create that, honestly, that's why I kind of fell into ute's, is because they were talking about user generated content, art as traits. And so that was really cool. And so I hope you still does that. But this is kind of a similar model. And. Yeah, I think, yeah, it is what it is. Distribution. Totally a reason to fade it. But the concept, I think, to me at least, is pretty novel and pretty cool.
Speaker A: And just not for nothing but sugar Shane. Shout out to Sugar Shane was talking about this in July in the d gen discord. So you had a chance. You should be listening to those guys.
Speaker B: Do we know Sugar Shane got one or.
Speaker A: I think Shane got one. Yeah, we had a couple of guys. I think. I think Shane. And there was somebody else bunch Shane and beloved.
Speaker C: Beloved.
Speaker A: That's who it was. Yes. Yeah.
Speaker C: And beloved. Yeah, beloved was one of the Whitelisters and so was she.
Speaker B: That's fantastic. Well, that's a huge win, obviously, but that's. That's. That's awesome. Good. Well, the people early on got rewarded that. That it has to matter and. Yeah, man, that's. That's fantastic.
Speaker A: Yes. Jeff. Jeff points out here, Sugar Shane is a damn legend. I think we could all agree there. Check out Sugar Shane this Friday at 11:00 p.m. eastern right here on our YouTube channel. On the Djinn YouTube channel. He is one of the co hosts of the NFT night shift, where they've made such calls as art gobblers, you know, more recently. I think they did. They did pretty well with the Renga NFTs as well, which I completely missed. So, yeah, these guys know what they're talking about. So have an ear. Have an ear for the NFT night shift.
Speaker B: I'm telling you, man, that DG, that Djen war room is solid, man. It's. It's good.
Speaker C: It really is. And if you're not in the Djen war room but want to experience it, we are token gated. You can find our token on Opensea. Lots of awesome benefits in there. In fact, I just dropped. The only place that you're going to have access to the Starbucks Odyssey Alpha discord would be through DJ network, which that is a big one, though. So, you know, there's perks to being a djen, that's for sure. And so, yeah, but definitely check out our other shows. They're way better than ours, even though we're ranked number two and we're gonna tattoo that on our bodies somewhere and. But, yeah, this is the art gobblers has been quite the story this week. I mean, they've done over 10,000 ethan already in sales volume, which is just bonkers.
Speaker A: That's crazy.
Speaker B: Crazy. That's an. It's an insane amount of volume. I think they had like, literally 8000, 7000 in 24 hours. It was, it was, it was nuts. But you brought up a. Not to continue on, but you brought up a thing that can cause some, some bull markets. And we have one that's upcoming very, very soon. Everyone's talking about it. People are trading on it. Drug dealers are doing wash trades on it. We got blur. IO is rapidly becoming a household name in the NFT market and actually had the highest trading volume. Was it yesterday or the day before? Out of any marketplace, the day, I.
Speaker A: Think, was the day before yesterday. Yesterday they were number two, but still. Is this real? That was my question for you, Des. Is that volume? Is that real volume? Is that.
Speaker C: I mean, it's volume. It's there.
Speaker A: Like, is it as real as, say, the open sea volume? As real as that could be. You know what I mean? Like, where we're seeing.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, it's real. There's money being transacted. But is it as sustainable as opensea volume? We'll have to wait and see. I personally, I got a hefty nice airdrop one from what you get.
Speaker A: I know what I got. What'd you get, dude? I got.
Speaker B: I ran so good. I got like six legendaries. I got a handful of rares. I.
Speaker A: How much you got? Total? What was your total?
Speaker B: It wasn't the Max cap, I think it was like just under 200.
Speaker A: That's all right. I thought I was sitting pretty here with 80 of them.
Speaker C: Oh man. You know I'm, I'm very upset about this because I've changed this year. My Degen ways to like builder ways and I've not been out in the trading streets nearly as much. And like this airdrop, man, how the mighty have fallen. Last year I was a.
Speaker A: You were?
Speaker C: I was a top point, 93 percentile, 99.7 percentile trader on Opensea. This year I failed to crack like 40 blur boxes which is just gross. I ran very well. I got two legendaries in the boxes I did get but that's great. I'm very upset. Like it was a, it was an eye opening experience to like get me back in the Djen streets. So I need to up my trading game again. But blur, blur is super interesting though because you know I think somebody asked me why I thought all the volume was there and I think it's because, you know with stuff like arc gobblers and what it actually is being traded like blur is built for traders like hardcore traders and so they're trading on that platform because that's, it's, it's easy to do so and so a lot of that art gobbler volume came from there because they're all trading there and playing where the liquidity is. Right. Like so opensea did more volume yesterday than blur but not on art gobbler gobblers which is where all the action was. So like that tells me the hardcore traders playing where the liquidity is are using blur which is interesting.
Speaker A: Yeah yesterday they did just under 15,000 eth in volume. They're almost at 32,000 on the 7th day. That's crazy. Wow that's wild stuff. Maybe you guys can help me out here. I actually dmed like the guy from blur so I got, I don't know if you guys can see this here. These are my care packages. I have no idea how to scroll down on this thing. So I've opened up these guys here. Yeah I have 66 unrevealed and I can't for the life of me scroll down. Like what? What is happening? Scrolling hard.
Speaker B: I mean I get it, I get it. Chamber scrolling would be hard for a guy like you.
Speaker A: It is hard for a guy like me. But any know how to explain this?
Speaker B: I mean what are you talking, what are you talking about here?
Speaker A: Look at my screen. I know but like there's no scroll bar and there's like it doesn't scroll. Like, even when I click on the screen and just use, like, arrow down. Like, it's not doing anything.
Speaker B: Do you have a scroll wheel?
Speaker A: No, I just use my laptop. Like, I, you know, my laptop, but I have, like, a scroll on my laptop, and it's not scrolling.
Speaker B: It is a Mac.
Speaker A: No, it's a. Yeah. PC. Like, I don't know, like, PC. I have no idea. I have six unrevealed.
Speaker B: For you.
Speaker A: Like, what's going on? I can't. I can't open up these other boxes.
Speaker B: I can't even imagine. Can you imagine that?
Speaker A: Are you the number two podcast?
Speaker B: I don't know how to scroll, man. That is. That is quality right there to the bottom of Zendesk.
Speaker A: I guarantee this is day in the life of Chamberegh, man. These are the problems I have to deal with. But I am at 100% loyalty.
Speaker B: We'll figure this out. We'll figure it out in a minute. But 100% loyalty is great. Cause they got their big airdrop number two coming out pretty soon. And how you get more airdrop boxes or whatever they do for that one is that you need to. A list, at least you need to list kind of blue chip projects, get that loyalty score up, which increases the chances of you getting a legendary box. And I think they recommend one other thing. They recommend doing three sweeps, a minimum of three sweeps, which just means you need to buy multiples of a collection at one time.
Speaker A: Is any of this dependent on my ability to scroll a website?
Speaker B: You probably shouldn't even participate if you're not going to learn how to scroll.
Speaker A: Yeah. Days. I've been dealing with this for possibly weeks at this point. This is a problem for me.
Speaker C: But we have baby bunches out of the picture. I'm back in full force. Shall we get to some segments here?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah, sure.
Speaker B: Let's. Let's actually be a productive show.
Speaker C: I mean, look, I did my homework. I'm not letting it go to waste. So you know that. Then I think we. I think we got to go to segments. So we're bringing back one of the segments that we did last week. I don't think. We did not make a drop for this one yet. Did we chamber? Oh, wait, we did. No, we did make one. All right, so we are getting into this or that. All right, so in the vein of what we were talking about already earlier, we've got the first iteration of this or that today is going to feature an art gobbler. So would you rather have this art gobbler? Number 26 70 film Grebel Bumble is its name. It is priced at 18.19 ETH or $28,997.64 at the time I pulled that. So would you rather have this wonderful art gobbler with traits such as poopy left foot, mechanical claw, fez as his hat?
Speaker A: Poopy left foot is great.
Speaker C: Yeah. He's got left foot, poopy sandstone alley in the background. He's got left hand pencil. You know, I mean, just a real, real gem.
Speaker A: I was going to say no, I know. We don't even know what.
Speaker B: What's our alternative?
Speaker A: I was based on price alone, but the poopy foot, I'm back in the game now.
Speaker C: Would you rather have that or this? This being a slightly lower priced item, but a chromie squiggle priced at the time of this was actually. So this person has lowered their price since. Oh no, it's sold. Wow. It's sold since I put this on. It was priced when I pulled this at 15.9 eth, $24,922.30. Would you rather have the chromie squiggle or poopy left foot art gobbler? Let's start with. Let's start with these two parameters. We're going to start with one chamber. You're going to go first. Let's start with a one year timeframe. And then let's also start, let's also answer the question on a three year time horizon. So chamber this or that.
Speaker A: I think I like. So I've actually owned some chromie squiggles over the, over the years. I've made some money on them. That is the one NfT that my wife brings up fairly regularly to really paint a picture for normies on the stupidity of the NFT space. How I sold one of these for x number of dollars. I like chromie squiggles a lot. I think there's, there's an inherent absurdness about it. As much as I love a poopy left foot, a squiggle is absurd. And the fact that it just sold for I don't know what the dollar equivalent for 15.5.
Speaker C: By the way, this was. I gave it to you if you were listening. It was $24,922. And not only that, this was the floor. So this was a floor squiggle.
Speaker A: I like. I would go with the chromie squiggle for a. Because I think it's, it really encapsulate. Encapsulates the, the absurdness of the NFT mania that that was the last few years, and. And I like it. It's fun, and it reminds me of my wife, which. Who I love very much.
Speaker C: Okay, awesome. So now, would you take that on both horizons?
Speaker A: On both. On both one year and three? Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay, Des, let's go to you. Would you rather have this chromie squiggle or what was his name? Flim Greeble bumble is his name.
Speaker B: I know I want flim Greeble bumble more right now just because I'm super interested in that ecosystem. But from an investment standpoint, 100%. I'm taking the squiggle on a one and a three year timeframe. However, though, shout out to NFT. Generative art like that is slowly been creeping up. I don't know if anyone's not paying attention, but you look at, like, the top hundred on opensea right now, 25 art. It's crazy.
Speaker C: Squiggles alone was. I mean, they've been on a 40% to 50% run the last, like, six weeks or so. It's been pretty. It's been pretty wild. So. Yeah. Shout out to generative art now. Okay. You're taking it on both time frames, Des.
Speaker B: Yeah, I am. Although another shout out to art gobbler's traits, which are wild.
Speaker A: Yeah. That there is close to me.
Speaker B: There is one where there is an appendage of unnamed origin on a person's foot. On a gobbler's foot. And as it taps it, its foot, it secretes some fluid. I think that's the craziest thing I think I've seen in the entire space in. In the last.
Speaker A: And we're talking about a space. We're talking about a space that has crypto dick butts. We're talking about a space that I think actually had poop emoji nfts at one point. I mean, this is. This is unprecedented. So that's. I agree. They did a very good job. I'm super impressed with art gobblers as.
Speaker C: All right, I've got one more wrinkle to throw into the. This or that this week. Would you rather have. I guess, either one of those. So you both chose a squiggle for $25,000, or would you rather have this Hyundai 2023 Hyundai Santa Fe, currently priced floor price $28,200. Chamber back?
Speaker B: I'd rather have. I'd rather have. Oh, go ahead.
Speaker A: So I actually own this vehicle.
Speaker C: I had no idea when I pulled this, actually. That's so good.
Speaker A: I actually own this vehicle. I have a. You know, it's got some, it's got some traits to it, but very, I'll tell you what, very good quality vehicle, good warranty, a very reliable. You know, it's nice. I, I would go with, with the NFT, though. It's, it's not a depreciation.
Speaker C: I wasn't.
Speaker A: A vehicle depreciates.
Speaker C: Yeah. I wasn't sure if you would go that route or if you would talk about the real life utility. I was actually worried for you that you would choose the cardinal. But Des, what are, what are your thoughts?
Speaker B: I'm taking Mister flargon McBumple stuff way over this.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Wait, so, so wait, did you both choose the squiggle? I can't remember.
Speaker A: We both chose the squiggle, but I would take either the.
Speaker C: You would take either of this?
Speaker A: Yeah. Correct. That's a depreciating asset. That's, uh.
Speaker C: Yeah, I agree. And that's why I threw it in there.
Speaker A: But that is a good, for the record quality vehicle. Anybody looking for one? I highly recommend.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: So Amber. Amber drives it more than I do.
Speaker C: But she talks about how I'm with you, I think. I guess this means I did a bad job here on picking these today. I thought one of you might go with an art gobbler. Just because of. I mean, I don't know, just because I was close.
Speaker A: I was torn. I was torn.
Speaker C: But I too would go with the squiggle over all three of those. I think the Squiggle, you know, is going to go down as a iconic collectible in the space 10, 20, 30 years from now. So I will, I will take a squiggle.
Speaker A: You know, Jeff, two things I think.
Speaker B: Go ahead.
Speaker A: I was going to say, jeff here says art gobblers will be sub ten eth within three weeks max. And for the record, Jeff is not associated with the CEO. Those are two different people, as per Jeff, so not the CEO.
Speaker B: My name is Jeff. Yeah, I think, honestly, it's not such a comment on that. We don't want art gobblers. It's how strong Chromie Squiggles is. I think, like, if you picked a different generative art that's similar, you know, we might have gone the other way. But like I said, we've talked about historical nfts a lot on this.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think.
Speaker B: No doubt. Chromey Squiggles make top ten list of all time.
Speaker A: 100%. I agree with that. I think. I think it's up there with your crypto punks. It's up there with, with apes. I mean, that's it's a historic NFT, for sure.
Speaker C: Yeah. And so it's funny, I've been listening lately, we've talked about this a bunch of times on the show of, like, you know, physical collectibles. And I still listen to some podcasts around, like the trading card space and everything like that. And I'm hearing these people talk about the, like, these sets, these historical sets and collections, like, and what makes something collectible. And I keep coming back to things like squiggles and punks and apes will be up there someday. But, like, you know, they're talking on these podcasts about collecting baseball cards from the fifties, like, you know, and that's 70 years ago at this point. And so when you're thinking about, like, we're very much at the beginning cycle of this as a collectible space, like, everybody laughs at the idea of collecting these things now because it's so new. But in the future, you know, when this all kind of becomes a regular thing and if it is adopted in the way we think it is, like, these types of assets are going to be worth something in 70 years, right? Like a crypto punk. Something with that we already think has historical significance is only going to gain more in the future, I think. So, yeah. I'm definitely going squigs all the time on that, on that one. I'll save some other comparisons there for our next version of this, but that was this or that. Shall I bring us right into another segment?
Speaker A: Yeah, man.
Speaker C: Man, look at me. Just doing all our homework.
Speaker A: Just, just carrying the show.
Speaker C: Look, you know, I rejuvenated. I knew I had to, well, I had to bring it to after I brought my kid to the show, so. But I think I'm gonna go.
Speaker A: Hmm.
Speaker C: Where do I want to go first? Let's go here.
Speaker A: Our energy going at the defensive end.
Speaker C: All right, we are going to defend that tweet. I had some of these queued up last week that we didn't get to chamber, so I'm bringing them back and we're going to.
Speaker A: I like it.
Speaker C: We're going to go with three tweets here that you need to defend. And I want to hear, I want to hear Des's opinion on these two.
Speaker A: We had some spicy tweets last week, Des, on tipping and all sorts of stuff. I don't even know what I said. So this is like going back two weeks now.
Speaker C: Yeah. One is from this week, and I think I'll save that one for last. But this one was probably more relevant last week, but I still think it plays. We're going to start. Man, I can't find it here.
Speaker A: So many good ones.
Speaker B: I'm so inconsistent with tipping on pickup, just on takeaway. Just FYI. I actually probably side with you, chamber. I'm so inconsistent. I have no idea what gets me to tip that. And I never do, like, a full tip. Why would you do a full tip like that? You would if you sat down at the restaurant. But I. Every once in a while, I'll throw in, like, a few bucks and I have no idea what dictates that.
Speaker A: And for the record, this week completely abandoned my position on tipping from last week. I think I picked up two times, tipped both times.
Speaker C: Wow. Really interesting. You are just a. You are just an enigma. And I'm telling you, I said last week, you tweet that once a quarter and your opinion changes all the time.
Speaker A: It changed within seven days.
Speaker C: All right, we're going to defend that tweet. This tweet came to us last week at, on October 14, 2022. It got at 08:25 p.m. it got five likes, only five from Matt, the coffee guy. Your own wife threw you. A pity. Like, she does that. Or actually, maybe you're married. And this take requires a deep, unconditional.
Speaker A: For the record, she is a big blink 182 fan.
Speaker C: Okay, so this is a pity.
Speaker A: Like, she is one of the trash fans.
Speaker C: We got a feel good, eat good. We've got Bobandi, Randy and Burr. Whatever this. This is here. So these are your likes. Your tweet says blink 182 is a trash band with trash fans. Defend that tweet.
Speaker A: I don't see how there's anything to defend. They are a trash band with trash fans. I've actually seen them live. They're a terrible live band. I've gone to many concerts. One of the worst live bands I've ever heard. They have two singers, both of which cannot sing that well. One of which, one of the worst singer, can't even play his instrument properly. That's the mark guy. That's the bass player, terrible bassist. The one guy that's a slightly better singer is a mediocre guitar player at best. And then Travis Barker, good drummer.
Speaker C: So did you blink 182 growing up?
Speaker A: 100%. I mean, how could you not? It was peppered into.
Speaker C: So is there no nostalgia factor here that plays?
Speaker A: I didn't.
Speaker C: Because here's. Because here's. Here's where I'm going with this. The reason I was so offended by this tweet was because I actually purchased tickets to the reunion toy.
Speaker A: Those were a spicy price, too.
Speaker C: We actually got a really good price, I think. Okay, well, I mean, relatively, yeah. But we got a very good. We didn't pay secondary market on them. We. Friends is like a vip. Cause she goes to, like, all kinds of concerts. So she had like, premier ticketmaster queue access. So we paid. We got pretty good seats. They were like 200 a pop or something. So not cheap, but like, we have very good seats. And. But, yeah, we did that at. And so I saw this tweet following, um, me buying tickets to that, and I was.
Speaker A: It was. It was. It wasn't directed at you, um, you know, specifically. But, uh, yeah, no, that there. I mean, I have. I have some albums here at the house. Um, you know, I have Cheshire cat, I think, on vinyl. You know, I like some of their older stuff a little bit more. Yes, it's fine.
Speaker C: Weigh in.
Speaker B: I mean, I don't have much to contribute here. Blanket 182 was, like, at the. Like, I caught that at the very, very tail end. And sure. Like, what's younger?
Speaker C: Are you? How much younger are you than us?
Speaker B: Oh, I mean, I'm a little younger than you guys, but, you know, I mean. I mean, it's one of those things that what I will say is, like, you put that on in any setting and everyone knows the lyrics. And so, you know, that's. That's a fun thing. And I don't know. I don't have much to contribute to this, but I would say it's a bad take. Probably by chamber.
Speaker C: I would say it's a bad take. So I wasn't going to do this, but I think I have to. We haven't had one of these in a long time. A blink 182 impression is one of the impressions in my tool belt. And I. I think I do it pretty well. I think I do it pretty well. I'm going to try. I'm going to try to do this in a way that I'm not screaming into the microphone, but. All right. You ready?
Speaker A: I'm ready.
Speaker B: I'm ready.
Speaker C: Where are you? I'm so sorry.
Speaker A: It's.
Speaker C: I mean, don't waste your time on me. You're already a voice inside my head.
Speaker A: If you could play the guitar mediocrely, like, you could be the lead singer of blink 182 webs from all the spiders. Oh.
Speaker C: Creeping up and eating their insides like indecision to call you.
Speaker A: This is my point. This is my point. You are doing a spot on impression. This is a terrible bandaid. This is a terrible band. That's not a good. That is not a good song.
Speaker C: Please come home and stop this pain tonight stop this pain tonight.
Speaker A: This is. This. I mean, I don't even think I have to prove my tweet anymore. I mean, I think. I think that says it all. That is. Yeah, they're not a good band.
Speaker B: Well done.
Speaker A: Yes. I get the nostalgia factor. I get it, but not a good band. And I'm, you know, for the people that have paid, like, upwards of $1,000 to go see them.
Speaker C: Oh, no, I didn't pay that much.
Speaker A: That's, you know, I'm sorry, jbrush.
Speaker C: Sorry, bro. You came right into my blink 182 impression. All right, tweet number two for you to defend. This one is. This one also shook me to my question.
Speaker A: Oh, geez.
Speaker C: Which means probably a good take, I guess. This was on. This was on October. It got one retweet from yourself.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think I retweeted it so we would talk about this on the show.
Speaker C: It got six likes golden spruce, feel good, eat good. He's a real big fan of you. He likes everyone.
Speaker A: Absolutely big fan.
Speaker C: Aaron, mint condition, you liked your own tweet, so you're still hitting at that five, like, average, because I'm disqualifying this one. And Arnold to the tweet reads with. With a jiff here. When people say Shawshank redemption is their favorite movie, all they're telling me is, I don't watch movies. And that's okay. Defend this tweet.
Speaker A: So I challenge everybody. Listening to both of you, when you're at a party or you're hanging out with some friends and family, and you ask people what your favorite movie, you will hear, you will hear without fail, like Shawshank redemption, like, 30% of the time. And without fail, those people, if you ask them to, what they've seen lately, will, they don't watch movies like they just saw, you know, in 1998, they saw Shawshank Redemption. Their dad says that's their favorite movie. Like, they just. It's almost like the Godfather, but the Godfather's, you know, maybe I could see the Godfather being your favorite movie, and you also watch movies, but Shawshank Redemption. And again, Shawshank Redemption is written by my favorite author, Stephen King. I love Shawshank Redemption, but never will I ever say it's my favorite movie, because there are way better movies than Shawshank Redemption. It's not even the best Stephen King movie. I would argue stand by me is a better movie than Shawshank Redemption.
Speaker B: How many people are going around saying Shawshank is their favorite movie.
Speaker A: I'm telling you.
Speaker C: So chamber. What he just described could not be more accurate. It couldn't be more accurate. Like, he described me. He described me. And I am so brutally offended by this because I just realized that, like, I'm just a movie fraud. Like, I'm a fraud. And I. And he's right. I don't watch enough movies. And I. If he asked me that and that's.
Speaker A: Okay, and that's okay, I would have.
Speaker C: Given the exact response he just gave. And then I thought about literally while he was talking, well, why is it my favorite movie? Well, it's my dad's favorite movie.
Speaker A: It's my dad's favorite movie. And he doesn't watch movies.
Speaker C: Captain says, same feel attacked. And also he says, oops. And he's not wrong.
Speaker B: I guess it's a good take.
Speaker C: I like, I actually like the way this segment is setting up. I like it to be. Chamber defends the take, and then Des decides if it is a good take or a bad take. I think that's how we should do this. And then I think we could even, like, for extra engagement, we could put these out on Twitter as, like, do you agree with Des and quote suite? Or put a poll and say, is this a good take or bad take? You know, but it could provide more.
Speaker B: Engagement to chamber, which he's going to be pumped about.
Speaker A: Yeah, he'll take all the engagement I can get.
Speaker C: Maybe bump that average to seven likes.
Speaker A: You know, like a 20% jump.
Speaker C: Now, this last one here, I think, is definitely the most controversial of them all, but I'm interested to hear why. And also, I want. I want Des to vote. So here we go. This tweet is from this week. We are going back all the way to October 30. It got twelve likes. Wow. You know, your audience, massive. You got. We got ideas, man. Eth sugar Shane into this one. Rook. Mvhq. Mitch, our boy.
Speaker A: Like what? My boy Mitchell. Like what? Sometimes I'll make one and I'm like, whoo. Not a lot of people are gonna like this one. And Mitch comes through with a, like, a lot of the time.
Speaker C: So, Joe Jones, what did I say? Oh, your tweet was at 11:40 a.m. which is part of what makes this so interesting. On Sunday, it got one retweet, probably from you. I guess that main condition, unless somebody else did this, but your tweet says, I wish I could vape cocaine.
Speaker A: So, yeah.
Speaker C: Owley two Club is the one that retweeted this.
Speaker A: So, yeah, I do wish I could vape cocaine in the sense that I vape a lot of cannabis. And if you're familiar with cannabis, it doesn't necessarily jack you up. Sometimes you feel a little tired after, sometimes you feel a little groggy. And I would like a vape to make me feel the opposite of that sometimes, you know, I mean, so vaping cocaine would be that. Now, somebody did point out, and it may have been sugar. Shane, this seems like something a cop tweeted. Somebody says, I think you're talking about crack.
Speaker C: And so, yeah, crypto Canada says so. Crap.
Speaker A: Yeah, I guess I said, yeah, I guess I'm talking about crack. But yeah, just like in a nice vape form. Just something to pick me up. Maybe it doesn't have to be cocaine. Maybe it's a caffeine vape. But a pick me up vape would be nice to have.
Speaker C: I actually did see a caffeine vape the other day. Not a caffeine, it was a b twelve vape.
Speaker A: Oh, maybe that's what I need. Just something, you know, something to give you a little jump.
Speaker C: Yeah, but I get your point about like, uh, you know, so I have in the last seven or eight months or so, completely stopped drinking. And so I don't drink anymore.
Speaker A: That's why you look so good.
Speaker C: That's right. I went to the doctor today and I got a glowing review, by the way.
Speaker A: Oh, that's terrific.
Speaker C: Yeah. Just totally fantastic. And, uh, but the, I've switched my, my indulgence to the cannabis side and I've had this exact experience. Right. Like, because I've gone to a bunch of weddings lately and, you know, events in which people are out at bars drinking and things like that. And, you know, it's not the same. You get tired. You get. And so I. Weed is not a party drug.
Speaker A: Like, you don't smoke weed to party. Like that's. You may smoke weed at a party.
Speaker C: For me, I smoke weed to finish all the Halloween candy. My wife.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, that's a problem. That's a problem.
Speaker C: Where do you stand on cocaine vaping tank?
Speaker B: You know, again, I can't provide much to this topic, but I'm going to go. It's a bad take because crack seems like a very viable option for chamber. If he.
Speaker A: You're saying the answer is already out there, right?
Speaker B: Yes. And then also if you're that excited for the opportunity, then they always make hundred dollar bills and you can. Or, I don't know, whatever.
Speaker A: I don't like, knows stuff, though. I mean, don't get me wrong. I've done my share of drugs. There's something about putting drugs in my nose that I don't like. You know, nose is a sensitive appendage. I don't like it.
Speaker C: What nose trait would you have if you were an art gobbler?
Speaker A: Vacuum nose.
Speaker B: Honestly, you probably have it.
Speaker C: We're going to, we're going to run through my last segment here. We're running out of time, unless you guys want to do the draft. Do you want to draft it?
Speaker A: Let's post. Yeah, let's do last segment.
Speaker C: Okay, so the last segment here, we're going back to the. Well, on news or not the news. The news. Let's get to. All right, we. I've got three news stories today, and you guys are going to tell me news or. Nah. Crypto punks are the first NFTs to enter the Guinness Book of World Records. So they went in the world record book. The, apparently, the Guinness Book of World Records has a new section called Crypto Mania, and this section covers a few of the iconic crypto events from the last decade. The edition also covers bitcoin, crypto adoption, cryptocurrencies, and of course, nfts. And the crypto punks are the highlight project in the new edition. They are specifically highlighting here crypto punk 5822, which is the most expensive sale to date. This one sold for a mountainous, which is not even a big enough word to describe this. 8000 Ethereum or $23 million if you're keeping score at home.
Speaker A: Was it 23 million at the time or 23 million now?
Speaker C: 23 million at the time. 8000 ETH right now would only be worth, let's say, $10 million roughly. This is a Deepak owned apps asset. CEO of Chain des News or Nah, that crypto punks and NFTs are now in the Guinness Book of World Records.
Speaker B: Absolutely. Nah.
Speaker C: Nah. Oh, interesting. Okay. Why?
Speaker B: I mean, how is that news?
Speaker C: Well, I think it's relevant news in the sense, especially if we're. Well, first, I'm not going to defend this yet. Let chamber listen. Led chamber weigh in. News or not?
Speaker A: Um, I. It is news like it's news in the sense that, like, Guinness Book of World Records, like my dad will know about crypto punks now as he's watching Shawshank redemption for the 15th time, reading his, getting his Guinness Booker world record for Christmas, as he does every year.
Speaker C: Paging through it in front of the fire.
Speaker A: I wish she could have got away from the sisters that day.
Speaker C: I've tried to do a Morgan Freeman and do that line, but it doesn't, it's not that great. I'll try it if you want me.
Speaker A: To, but, yeah, I think, I think more people just know about it now, which is good. I mean, Guinness Book of World Records is like, you know, it's, it's, it's a big, it's a big thing for people, specifically for people that are, that would not be in like anything web three related. So they're, they're seeing something now that they would have never seen. The only thing I would say instead of crypto punks and obviously an 8000 ETH sale is insane. I probably would have went with, with apes. I think. I just think they've had a more, more social presence. You know what I mean? I don't know what the, what the volume numbers for both are, but that's.
Speaker B: Probably, people get screwed by about 40, 40 mil, by the way. I also think that contributes to my. Nah, on news, I think. What do you mean people lose as on a technicality? Well, people sold an NFT for 69 million.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah, 69 million. That's right. So, okay, that's a good, that's a great point. So it's not the highest NFT sale, it's the highest crypto punk sale. Right, right. And you're saying, who cares? I lean more towards the chamber side here as far. Especially like when we're talking about the collect, the collectible side. Chris says blink twice if an eight folder is holding you hostage. It's the first bullish thing you said. Okay, so we had a one news. One. Nah, from Ana, from Des. A news from Chamber. Next one comes to us from bitcoin.com dot payPal. And Western Union filed trademarks for wide range of crypto services. So both of these companies on October 18 filed different trademarks, both of them multiple trademarks. PayPal specifically filed trademark applications for PayPal and its overlapping peas logo. The apps claim plans for exchanging, trading, processing transfers of digital and or blockchain and digital assets, crypto and digital virtual currencies and more. Same with Western Union claiming plans for financial, banking and insurance, virtual currency exchange and transfer, commodity crypto trading, brokerage, blah, blah blah, chamber news or nothing.
Speaker A: I think this is news. I mean, from the sounds of it, and it, correct me if I'm wrong here, but it sounds like they're thinking, and again, I'm not very familiar with Western Union and all the things that they can do. But speaking for PayPal specifically, like, if you can go to your PayPal wallet and hold nfts crypto. That's an interesting thing. Obviously, PayPal's got a lot of bad press over the years for holding people's money for flimsy reasons at best. So that there's, there's an aspect there that's, you know, if you like to use PayPal, I guess that's a good thing. But again, it's all about getting web three assets, whether that, you know, cryptocurrencies or NFT, into regular people's hands. And obviously tons of people use Western Union and PayPal. So I would say, yes, this is news.
Speaker C: Des coming in. Oh, I thought you were. This is the first news you've actually. This is the first. This is our 7th story because we did five last week. This is the first one where you're saying news. So tell us why.
Speaker B: PayPal is an incredible gateway to paying for a lot of goods and services. And if you're telling me that they're going to be accepting crypto and that conversion, and that's, I mean, that's a huge win for the space. If PayPal's getting in, fair enough.
Speaker C: And we've got one more before we shut it down, we're going back to des for the first news or nod decision. And it comes to us from engadget.com. twitter's latest experiment allows users to display nfTs, NFT marketplace listings. So I'm not sure if you guys saw this, but over the past couple days, Twitter has implemented this and you can actually, when you put in. Here you go. Here's their Twitter dev tweet now. Testing NFT tweet tiles, some links to NFTs on rarible magic, Eden, dapper and jump trade. NFT will now show you a larger picture of the NFT alongside details like the title and creator. One more step to our journey to let developers impact the tweet experience. And if you click this, it takes you right out to the marketplace to potentially buy it. Des news or nah.
Speaker B: I'm going back to my naw train. I just don't think it's needed. Like, I don't know. I don't know if I like it. And to be fair, I could have probably gone either way on this. Like, it's news in the sense that, you know, this is different or whatever, but I just don't know if it makes that big of an impact. So I go, nah.
Speaker C: Chamber.
Speaker A: I'm also a nah.
Speaker C: Wow.
Speaker A: Yeah. And I'll tell you why I would say Twitter. I mean, I think we can all agree Twitter is the platform for NFT and crypto. They've, you know, if you have a. If you have, like, Twitter blue, you can get the. Like, when they. I think when they implemented the hex, like, PfP, that was bigger news than this. Like, the fact that they were integrating NFts in your. In your avatar, I think that was bigger news. You're. You're preaching to the choir at this point until you can start doing other things with NFTs on the twitter like this. Okay. I can see the picture a little bit better. Yeah. But, like, everybody on. Not everybody on Twitter, but a good chunk of the Twitter users are probably pretty familiar with what nfts are and what crypto is. You know, we're not on Instagram. We're not on tick tock. We're on Facebook, we're on Twitter. So it's just not. It's not that impressive, I would say.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think. I kind of agree, and I. But I will say what is interesting to me about this is that they didn't stop at the hex PFP. Right? Like, that. They could have just done that and it had been enough. And so for me, what I think is actually telling kind of behind this story is the fact that they keep developing these kind of little web three NFT specific things. It tells me that, like, for, first of all, for that stuff to be on their priority list of, like, things to develop is pretty interesting. And it tells me that maybe the space is really one either bigger than we maybe imagined on social or two, like, that. It's actually this massive chunk of what's being talked about on Twitter, which kind of blows my mind also. Yeah, I would say the actual, like, linking thing, not news. What could be news under the surface is, like, how they keep developing for web three.
Speaker A: It's like a continued story of web three within Twitter. Yeah, in that sense, for sure. And then obviously, the fact we got our lord and savior, Elon Musk, has now fully taken over. Let that sink in.
Speaker C: What have you done? What have you done as sacrifice to Elon today? Anything?
Speaker A: Nothing. Today. I've been a bad. I've been a bad disciple, but I was kind of bearish earlier on.
Speaker C: Elon, you were fading.
Speaker A: Elon, I was fading. After the last couple days, I'm like.
Speaker C: Okay, Elon running Twitter. Elon running Twitter feels to me like something that would be so up your alley that, like, you would be so into.
Speaker A: I'm not an Elon fanboy.
Speaker C: Yeah. But you're a chaos fanboy.
Speaker A: I am a chaos.
Speaker C: Right?
Speaker A: Like, you love some chaos.
Speaker C: You're a fan of chaos in that type of atmosphere. Like, I, like Elon's coming in and just like, bucking the whole system and being like, he's trying to fire people, man, firing the board. And I can just. You being like, excellent.
Speaker A: I like it. You know what? I am a fan of chaos. An agent of chaos, if you will.
Speaker C: Yes. Are you an Elon fan, Des?
Speaker B: Sure. Probably more so than not, but not a fanboy by any means. But I think it's. God, it's great comedy what he's doing with Twitter, Mandy.
Speaker C: That's what I mean.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's good.
Speaker B: It's an SNL skit coming to life. Like, it's crazy.
Speaker C: It's unrelated. Should we be buying, like, massive bags of doge? I've seen it run, like 40% this week, but, like, I saw.
Speaker A: I was looking at doge a couple of weeks ago and I was thinking the same thing and I didn't. And it did run, but, yeah, no.
Speaker C: I think doge, it talks in, like, the seventies at his SNL appearance. That was the top.
Speaker A: Oh, my goodness. That was the top for sure.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: So long.
Speaker C: But, like, he could just, in a snap of his fingers, integrate doge into Twitter and send it all to oblivion.
Speaker B: But who, apparently $8 is not going to fly with Twitter.
Speaker A: I don't understand. I don't understand that because.
Speaker C: Oh, wait, specifically your boy who's been mentioned here a couple times on this show already.
Speaker A: Yeah, like, I. Yeah, like, I don't understand. Yeah. Stephen King. Yeah, not a fan. I mean, that's for. That's for celebrities that have the blue check mark. Like, it sounds like you'll be able to spend money to get the check mark, which I would 100% do. So I think. I think the people that would buy it supersedes the celebrities that currently have it. I really enjoy that. And I've. I already paid, like, I pay for Twitter blue for my own. A lot of people pay, you know, six, $7 a month already. So, uh, yeah, I mean, if you like Twitter and if I can get a blue check mark. Are you freaking kidding me? I'm 100% getting that. No doubt in my mind. Um, so, yeah, I don't know. Yeah. Stephen King. I'm sorry. Keep writing your books, man. I'll take the blue check mark.
Speaker C: All right, well, I think, you know, first of all, I need to thank you guys for carrying the first half of this show while I dealt with my childcare overlap. But a fantastic job by the two of you. Really an all around epic show. Today we got a bunch of segments. We had Graham's first podcast appearance, historic not, although not the first one of our children to be on the podcast. You just didn't know that the other one was happening. Audience when it was happening. The DeS spacesuit episode will go down in history. But hey, listen, thank you all for tuning in to the number two NFT and crypto or NFT specific podcast as delivered to you by Feedspot, is the people who.
Speaker A: Thank you.
Speaker C: Thank you, Feedspot. And apparently they update this quite a bit because we were on this list at number nine last time, by the way. So we are moving on up. Yeah, we're moving up in the world. But the thank you guys for helping us be the number two podcast in NFTs. We're going to use that everywhere, even when we fall back to double digits. We have now solidified. We've had an all time high here, but that's going to do it for us. Until next time, stay mint.
