Speaker A: Did you hear the new blink 182 single that came out a couple weeks ago?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: So after the show, go listen to the new blink 182 single. It really. It's nostalgic.
Speaker B: Where are you?
Speaker A: It's. Honestly, where are you?
Speaker B: I'm so sorry.
Speaker A: Where am I? They're old now. They don't know where they are. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Welcome to the mid mic crisis, where growing up meets goofing off. I am Bun Chu alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, Chamber. Chamber. I mean, what a cold open that was. We got a lot out there.
Speaker A: It's chilly.
Speaker B: Yeah. I feel like the. The intro is kind of a mouthful.
Speaker A: I mean, yes, it is, but it's good.
Speaker B: You.
Speaker A: I mean, you're. You're a pro. What can I say?
Speaker B: It's like the. The growing up meets goofing off. I'm not sure if I love it.
Speaker A: We can. We can. We can workshop. We can workshop some other stuff.
Speaker B: Yeah. I might have to. I'm. It's a. It's a tongue twister. I don't know if I could. I. I typically get it out well. But I. It's one that I have to, like, think about in the moment. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Totally. I got it.
Speaker B: Yeah. So we'll see if that lasts, but, yeah. How you doing, man?
Speaker A: Uh, pretty good.
Speaker B: How was your Canadian Thanksgiving?
Speaker A: It was.
Speaker B: I have to call it that because it's not real.
Speaker A: Pretend. Yeah, yeah, no, I get it. It's, like, Chicago style pizza.
Speaker B: It's not really pizza style, to preface the fact that it's just mostly garbage and.
Speaker A: That's. Right.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I like. I like that. Canadian Thanksgiving and. And Chicago style pizza are the same thing.
Speaker B: Now, I think both have their place, and, you know, but you just need to qualify them each. Absolutely.
Speaker A: They are not officially those things.
Speaker B: Correct, correct. Like, the Romans didn't invent pizza that way. You know, like, I've done a lot of studying on the Roman, and it's mostly in their pizza making tactics. And this. That was not their intended purpose.
Speaker A: Just unleavened bread and crushed tomatoes.
Speaker B: That's right. The socrates supreme.
Speaker A: That's right.
Speaker B: Roman favorite.
Speaker A: I love it.
Speaker B: The Julius Caesar salad.
Speaker A: It's terrible. It was. It was all right. I switched it up. We didn't do it. We didn't do a turkey, and we didn't do stuffing, and we didn't do mashed potatoes, and we didn't do any of the normal Thanksgiving stuff, and I kind of liked it. I'm gonna be honest.
Speaker B: You didn't do any normal Thanksgiving stuff?
Speaker A: No, no. The only thing I got that was quasi normal is I got. There's an apple orchard close to my house that does really good pies. And I got a fresh apple pie that day. And that's about as. That's about as did you have. So I. My mom was visiting. I wanted to bring in. I want to kind of have it catered a little bit so we didn't have to. We could just kind of relax and enjoy the day.
Speaker B: Look at you.
Speaker A: Yeah. Catering is underrated. If you're not catering, give it a shot. It's very, very good. There's this portuguese restaurant that I frequent. Pretty, you know, a couple of times a month, I would say. But they do, like, a catering side. And you have to order all this stuff in advance. So it's, like, non menu stuff that you can get, but you just have to order it, like, 48 hours in advance, which I never do. But I went out of my way to make sure we tried it. So I got. I got portuguese chicken, I got beef rib or, pardon me, pork ribs. But the. What's the longer one? Are you. You're a rib guy? I know. They weren't baby backs. They were like, the individually kind of longer.
Speaker B: I'm a rib guy.
Speaker A: Yeah. I feel like, you know, your ribs. No. Am I wrong? The long ribs. The long ribs is what I got.
Speaker B: Yeah, you got the wrong guy.
Speaker A: They were delicious. And then I got. I got fish rice, some potato, some. Some. Some roasted potatoes. I. We did make some. I like the brussels sprouts with, you know, the bacon and parmesan, you know, on the. On the frying pan. You know what I mean? I don't know if you ever had that. That's very good. So it's a little bit of that. A little. It was a portuguese style, you know, Thanksgiving meal. Very good. Highly recommend. And I'm gonna tell you, I didn't miss the turkey. Did not miss the turkey.
Speaker B: Interesting. So, unrelated to this conversation. I mean, related to this conversation, but not rehearsed. My wife asked me yesterday or Friday, maybe she made Thanksgiving turkey burgers. So she did, like, a turkey burger with some, like, cranberry sauce, a little stuffing on it.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. Fantastic.
Speaker A: Was that all in the patty, or was it just layered?
Speaker B: It was layered on top. She. She made, like, a turkey burger patty and then a, like, stuffing patty that went on top and then, like, some canned cranberry sauce on top. Yeah, definitely. Phenomenal. It was very, very good. And. But we're sitting there eating and she asked me, what is the most underrated Thanksgiving food? So what would you say to that?
Speaker A: I would say cranberry sauce.
Speaker B: I love actually, what we went with was the canned cranberry sauce.
Speaker A: It's so good.
Speaker B: That was the conclusion both of us came to. It was specifically the canned cranberry.
Speaker A: Now, there's two types of cran. There's two types of canned cranberries, though. There's the.
Speaker B: The gelatin, the one that looked like a can.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: That's the one we're talking about. When you take it out of the can, it looks like a can.
Speaker A: It has the ribbed can.
Speaker B: Yeah. It's ribbed for my pleasure.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, I agree. I think that is the most underrated aspect. It's my favorite part of that style of meal. So I did miss the cranberries. I will say that I missed stuffing and cranberry sauce with gravy. Like, that's a nice little. That's like a side for me altogether. That's a interesting.
Speaker B: I'll have to tell her that you answered similarly to us, because all the other things I feel like are pretty appropriately rated.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, it's good. I mean.
Speaker B: I mean, there's certainly a camp that would say that the stuff, or, sorry, the turkey is the most overrated.
Speaker A: I would agree with that. I think stuffing is high rated, but appropriately rated. Sometimes I think mashed potatoes can be overrated. They're fine. Put a little gravy on. It's good. I'm not saying it's not good. Peas, also another underrated.
Speaker B: The thing with the mashed potatoes, and I think this is what makes them slightly overrated as a Thanksgiving food, is that they're, like, part of the rest of the year lineup. Right. Like, you probably eat mashed potatoes at least a dozen times over the course of the rest of the year.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So, like, they don't, you know, they don't stand out as a Thanksgiving specialty food. You know what I mean? And in terms of their rating.
Speaker A: No, that makes sense. Yeah. No.
Speaker B: Why cranberry sauce gets, you know, high marks because you don't really eat it at a lot of other times unless you did. You bomb turkey burgers.
Speaker A: And those turkey burgers sound really good, by the way.
Speaker B: Yeah, dude, they were good.
Speaker A: I've been thinking about, like, I'm visualizing how these are looking, and I'm excited.
Speaker B: I think she took a. I think she took a picture. I don't think she posted on instagram, but I think she sent it.
Speaker A: Just dm that thing tell Santa Claus to send that over.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'll definitely food porn it up for you, did I?
Speaker A: I never told you. I. So I'm sure we talked about.
Speaker B: I do know. I catch the reference now. Obviously, I get the reference now. That's an inside joke that should be told on this show.
Speaker A: I don't know if we ever talked about it.
Speaker B: I feel like we might have, but there's like, she now, you know, she's now in your phone. Is that right?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So.
Speaker B: And she messaged you a few weeks ago?
Speaker A: She did message me a few weeks ago. So a couple of things. So to keep, to get everybody up to speed, I used your wife as my Santa Claus contact in my phone.
Speaker B: Yeah, the decoy.
Speaker A: It's so good. So I changed her the, you know, the picture to Santa Claus, says Santa Claus.
Speaker B: Now, this is used as a high level threat to the children's behavior around the holiday season.
Speaker A: Right away.
Speaker B: That's what we're talking about here. This is the, this is the. You better, you better cut the shit or I'm calling to Santa and you've got the Santa contact info saved in your phone. So my wife is your Santa, which I would say possibly more important than an emergency contact.
Speaker A: I don't. I feel like we're just scratching the surface on this. I feel like our families are trendsetters. I'm not sure anybody else has this system in point.
Speaker B: We've been doing this in my family for. This is why it was so natural for this to happen within like a ten minute span of you saying, hey, I need you to do this.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: It really took off my family for. For a couple years. Now my brother does it to with me as like, when I had a. When I had two phone numbers, I was his. I was his emergency contact.
Speaker A: The problem, though, that I did not foresee. And again, if you want to use this, this is something to be aware of. The majority of the devices in my home are connected to my account. So if somebody texts me, it shows up on my both, I think, both my daughter's iPads and spare phones that are kicking around the house. So your wife texted me the other day, and I did not change the profile. So Santa Claus.
Speaker B: Santa's texting you on all devices.
Speaker A: I forget what the question was, but it was not Christmas related. And a couple of my daughter. My daughter saw a couple of the DM's, and it was my youngest one. And she's like, I think Santa's texting you.
Speaker B: Well, what's great about that? I think she was careful enough in her messages to do this. Was. I think she addressed herself as Santa, did she not?
Speaker A: I, for. I don't think she did. I think it was just like, hey, quick question. It was. It was very, like, there wasn't anything, you know, too specific in there, but it was like, hey, quick question. Yeah. She comes to see me in my room, and she's like, I think. I think Santa's texting you. I look at my phone, I'm like, oh, yeah.
Speaker B: I missed my weekly call with shoot.
Speaker A: But yes, no, highly recommend. It's a very, very good idea. And come December, I'll switch it back. So right now I have it. I have everything switched back to.
Speaker B: You can't break that. You got to protect your from that. Miscellaneous January 1.
Speaker A: You got to switch that over.
Speaker B: Yeah. So. Well, there. There you go. Now, lesson learned to, you got to have a little timer on it if you're going to be doing that, or it's got to be someone you literally will only get messages from. Maybe that small time of year. However, I mean, that's pretty safe that my wife probably is only texting you once outside of that a year, probably, right, exactly.
Speaker A: I was going to say that it was very rare.
Speaker B: Pretty safe, I would say. But, uh, yeah. So, uh, Thanksgiving and Christmas covered, uh, so far on this show. You should even just bother with Halloween. I went, uh, Halloween shopping with my children this weekend. That was a blast. Uh, went to the spirit Halloween pop up stores. Do you have.
Speaker A: Oh, you guys have spanish Halloween?
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. We have one that pops up right by my house every year for, you know, six weeks or whatever it is. And it's a great, it's a great time. What a business.
Speaker A: I feel the spirit Halloween's, though, really, you know, really see every. See everybody coming because they. Their pricing is astronomical.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, they make a lot of money, but, I mean, they're comparable. We priced everything compared to. So, like, we wanted to take my son to get his costume in person because we thought it would be fun, right? So, like. But we were only going to get his, and we were like, okay, we'll just order our others either, like, Walmart or Amazon or whatever, and it'll be cheaper. They weren't. We ended up buying everything there because we were comping prices to, like, Amazon and Walmart. They were, they were either equivalent or slightly cheaper, so we actually ended up buying everything there. So spirit Halloween got my cash.
Speaker A: All right. Okay. Maybe I gotta give him another. I gotta give him another look, I guess.
Speaker B: I mean, I just think prices of everything is crazy everywhere at this point.
Speaker A: What are the kids going as for Halloween?
Speaker B: So my son is obsessed with Toy Story, as we might have talked about with the Toy story. Did we talk about the toy story football game? Maybe we didn't.
Speaker A: No, we didn't. But we can definitely talk about that.
Speaker B: We, uh. He's obsessed with Toy Story. Um, I introduced it to him, I don't know, a couple months ago, and he's. He loves them, or he loves it. So he's going as woody.
Speaker A: Nice.
Speaker B: I'm going as buzz. My wife is going as Jesse, and my, my little one is going to be the dinosaur. The Rex dinosaur.
Speaker A: I love it. I love it. I love a family, you guys.
Speaker B: Oh, we got pictures already, too.
Speaker A: I believe it. Like, I remember seeing the Disney pictures of.
Speaker B: I'll drop one in our chat right now. You can. You can see what your boy's gonna look like all buzzed out.
Speaker A: Okay. All right. I like this. I like this. My wife likes to do her own thing. I like how you guys are themed. So everybody likes to do, like, their own individual. I love. That's a good costume. I'm looking.
Speaker B: They're good, right?
Speaker A: Yeah. Yours is fantastic.
Speaker B: Yeah. Only. Oh, these are just for us to see. I love everybody. We'll post them. I'll post them on Halloween. I can't, like, post a, you know, Halloween picture now, but, yeah, my, I.
Speaker A: Think my youngest daughter is going as coraline. My oldest daughter. I think she's going as the chick, the main chick from, what's it called, the Christmas Halloween movie. Nightmare before Christmas.
Speaker B: Nightmare before Christmas. Yeah.
Speaker A: So she's going as that. My wife. I love her. She's beautiful, but she does a phenomenal job of dressing like she's gonna, like.
Speaker B: Paint her face up and.
Speaker A: No, she always. She can make herself look like men from the eighties.
Speaker B: We talked about this last year.
Speaker A: So good.
Speaker B: We talked about this last year. You sent, like, a side by side picture of.
Speaker A: It was unreal. Unreal. So last year, she dressed up as canadian rock legend Kim Mitchell. And the side by side was unbelievable.
Speaker B: I like how you also have to qualify that with canadian, because they're just not the same. It's not rock legend.
Speaker A: It's very specific. Absolutely. I don't know how. I don't know how far Kim Mitchell got out in. The nice thing about canadian rock music is we do have just absolute legends that don't go any further than our borders.
Speaker B: That's great.
Speaker A: It is fun. So, Kim, I think Kim Mitchell falls into that category. This year, we stumbled across what she's gonna go as. And she's been texting me all day. No, that's me. That's me. In a couple of years, she's gonna go as. Remember the movie the wrestler with Mickey Rourke?
Speaker B: Rourke, yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. She's gonna go as Mickey Rourke as the wrestler.
Speaker B: Wow. Okay.
Speaker A: And it looks, so far, so good work.
Speaker B: Have the mug shot. Isn't he the famous mug shot?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, he definitely.
Speaker B: Is she gonna do the mug shot version?
Speaker A: No, I think she's ordering. She's ordering a singlethe singlet.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: But it's so it's a. Like a muscle. Like a man's chest, do you know?
Speaker B: I'm saying, so she's getting a goose suit.
Speaker A: Like, she's getting goose stuff. Absolutely.
Speaker B: She's goo him up a little. You know, they only. That's why they call them that. It's an old circus term.
Speaker A: That's right. She's getting a goose suit for sure.
Speaker B: Goose suit. That's why we call him that. It's an old circus terminal goose suit. You're gonna be like, look at this little brick shit house.
Speaker A: You know you can't win. You know why you can't win?
Speaker B: Your wife's going as troll boy. And just as. Just as we talk about that, mister House enters. So he heard that, I think you should leave references and jumped right in.
Speaker A: Yeah. So she's gonna be going. So I can't wait to see the pictures. Her hair is great. Her hair just looks like eighties hair, metal hair all the time, which I'm a big fan of, but, yeah. So it should be good. I don't know if it'll be Kim Mitchell good. I hope it will be. But there's a possibility it could be absolutely fantastic.
Speaker B: I'm sure she will. And, I mean, she's getting a goose suit.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's gonna be good.
Speaker B: That's why they call them that, you know. All right, we've covered. We've covered all the major holidays in Q four, but chamber, I texted you something earlier today that maybe was surprising to you.
Speaker A: Sorry, I was just keep saying again, I was just reading and I wasn't.
Speaker B: I said, I texted you something earlier today that may have been surprising to you of a topic that we should cover on this show.
Speaker A: Yes, you did. Yes, you did. Like, what was it?
Speaker B: Because I am certainly not in the mood to talk about Luca and pudgy penguins. So that's where I was going to pivot to.
Speaker A: So I'm glad you told me me that you didn't want to talk about that.
Speaker B: I'm absolutely not, Todd. Like, do you want to talk about this?
Speaker A: I just want to know what is making it so because I'm seeing the number. Like, you know, I saw on Friday there was like a 2500 person space.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: You know, jerking, everybody's jerking each other off and pissing on each other. It was crazy.
Speaker B: I think that was the name of this.
Speaker A: Yeah. And, and then I see Chris and Steve's show today.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Pulled in like 2500 viewers or listening, crushing it.
Speaker B: Yeah. Like, what's so, I mean, Luca popped up. Did you hear the show today? Luca. Luca came on the show. They were talking about all that and then their show got, like, hijacked by Nick and Pio because Luca was apparently supposed to be on their show and kind of blew them off because he was talking the cap and Steve. And so Nick and peel rated coffee with captain. We're live streaming coffee with captain's content. It was actually pretty funny. But that's, that's what happened this morning over on coffee with captain, in case you missed it. Okay.
Speaker A: I mean, I don't know, I just thought maybe it was like just everybody's excited to hear, you know, the back and forth about this. I don't know. It seemed pretty boring to me.
Speaker B: It seemed like, pretty sad is that he has some possibly shady or definitely shady, depending on which side of the fence you fall on past business practices that have led him to make a lot of money and you're, they're okay with it or you're not. Like, that's basically it. Okay. And I think the thing that's outraging some is, like, it's a lot, it's very similar to the Zagabond Azuki stuff. Like, minus the, minus the impersonating a woman and, but otherwise, I mean, they're kind of parallel in a lot of ways. And so there's some outrage there of like, oh, are you gonna give Luca a pass and not Zagbonda? You know, you're all a bunch of bag biased hypocrites and things like that. So, like, you know, depending on what side of it you fall on, on the morality scale, that's, that's what's going on. And, you know, I might fall, but, like, to me, I feel like your stance would be just kind of like, stay in your lane.
Speaker A: Like, you know, I mean, no shit. Like, I mean, if we're expecting in web three anything, whether it's crypto, nfts, whatever you're expecting, these charismatic leaders to be without fault or not have a shady history. I don't know what to tell people. Like what the fuck? Obviously they're going to have some sort of shady path. Like this is web three. It's the shittiest of people here are here. Thank goodness for DJ networks cast of top notch individuals. But I mean tell me another project. Tell me another project besides DJ network that has, I'm not even going to put myself in this conversation which you could argue that I'm not a complete piece of shit. I don't know, I'm not expecting, you know, I'm not expecting any of these projects to be without staying, you know what I mean? It blows my mind that people get.
Speaker B: So, yeah, I mean I get, but like I get it too. It's like if you don't like, if you don't like those types of tactics or business models or services then you're gonna be offended by this stuff. And I think that's also okay. But like to, you know, white knight and high horse about it all is a little crazy to me and like I just, I would rather just absolutely, I just don't care enough anymore. It's just like the whole space has become so exhausting to me and I, you know, said my piece in the war room about it. Like the, the founders are sketchy, the consumers are entitled and I just am like over it lately. I feel so um, you know that's the, I guess the extent of it. And look like you and I have dabbled in the e commerce streets with like Amazon and things like that. And like that is how these things like that's, that is e commerce 101 in terms of like propping up your engagement and demand for products and like yes, that's shady. And if you don't like it then it's, that's not the avenue for you.
Speaker A: Sorry. It was the e commerce side of.
Speaker B: Things that he was, well there's all kinds of stuff. There was the, so he did like you know, free plus shipping drop shipping that people had an issue with in terms of like, oh he's selling chains that he's saying are $100 for value but he's saying they're free plus shipping and really they're you know, $2 aliexpress chains. Right.
Speaker A: So for the record we never did any of that.
Speaker B: No, but we did Amazon selling, which is totally different. But like you are basic, you're e commerce drop shipping adjacent ish. Right. So like you kind of live in some of those same worlds.
Speaker A: I don't I mean, all right, maybe I'm. Maybe I'm missing something. I feel like what we were.
Speaker B: I know we're doing something totally different, but, like.
Speaker A: But nothing to feel. I would say nothing to feel guilty about.
Speaker B: Oh, no, no, wait. Like, right, okay. Like, that's very legit. Like, Amazon selling is very legit, but there's also shady Amazon sellers and shady drop shippers. Right. All that kind of shit. Right. Like, so, you know, so there was that stuff. Then there was a. All the NFT projects that he's loosely associated with that he says he was just kind of providing marketing services for and not the founder of. So he wasn't, like, rugging people or whatever, but, you know, like, make your judgment and move on. I'm tired of talking.
Speaker A: And which one's Luca again? Like, who does he work with?
Speaker B: He's the penguins guy.
Speaker A: The Walmart toys.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: Okay, okay, whatever.
Speaker B: Who's Luca? Okay. Got it.
Speaker A: We can move on now. Yeah. That's all. I was more curious to see why everybody was all putting so much attention on. Because the numbers were wild. But the po thing makes sense for coffee with cat. And if Luca was there also, I mean, that was.
Speaker B: Yeah, that was actually a big show. Funny. Pretty funny thing that happened this morning, which was interesting, but, yeah, that's about as much as I feel like I want to talk about it. Do you want.
Speaker A: Yeah, I saw a lot, by the way. I saw a lot of you guys that are in the crowd in that Friday spaces. I'm a little bit ashamed.
Speaker B: That was so brutal. Like, I was in there, and I sent it to you, and I was like, I cannot, like, am I wrong, or is this, like, the worst fucking thing I've ever.
Speaker A: I turned it on. What did I text you? I turned on for literally 10 seconds and let me up here. It was. It was literally the first thing I heard was. And I don't know who it was. I think it may have been Luca. It was, quote, I don't want to cuss, but. And then that was it. I'm like, well, that's about it.
Speaker B: The whole space was brutal. Like, the whole. The whole thing was brutal. It was like a bunch of tried to. It was a bunch of, like, citizen journalist, gotcha stuff going on. And Lucas trying to defend himself, but was kind of doing so poorly because he was also kind of emotionally jacked up and defensive and possibly on cocaine. Possibly. I thought he did a much better job this morning. Now that kind of, like, the dust has settled. I'm not sure you know, he was just at least much more calm and logical about it. But, you know, I. Whatever I like. You just, again, vote with your wallet if it annoys you, if it annoys you, stop being in the ecosystem if it doesn't. Stay and appreciate what he's doing going forward, and, like, that's it. You know, they, like, the information is out there. He did not refute that he was engaged in pretty much any of it. He just has explanations for kind of, like, the scale of gray, essentially, right? It's like, is it on the black or white side of the morality scale? And a lot of it is somewhere in the gray. And you decide how gray you like your founders to be, and that's essentially it, right?
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, like you said, vote with your wallet. Talk with your wallet. I don't want to hear. I just don't want to hear people talking, especially about that stuff. Like, really, like, there's so many more fun things to be talking about.
Speaker B: Look, that's why we've done this rebrand. Right. Otherwise, we would have to dedicate multiple shows to this topic, and I just don't want to. I would rather talk about turkey burgers than Halloween costumes. It's just more fun. Use of my time lately. No.
Speaker A: 100%. Yeah. No, it's.
Speaker B: I don't know. For me specifically, I'm very disillusioned at moment with crypto and web three and nfts. You know, I am just kind of exhausted by. I don't know if it's just, like, the capitulation phase of the. Of the bear market that I'm. I'm becoming a victim of at the moment, and, like, maybe this is it for me. And, you know, you say this every time. Well, that's what I mean. I don't know. Like, maybe it is. Maybe I'm. Maybe not. Not like I'm leaving, but, like, is this the feeling of capitulation for me, that's, like, right before the rocket ship returns, you know, like, absolutely. A bunch of times. And, like, so I'm aware that I'm feeling that way, and that's a good thing in terms of, like, oh, okay. So maybe. Maybe the time is passing far enough where it is all getting shaken out, but I don't know. I'm feeling that way. Are you?
Speaker A: No. Absolutely. And that's why I like. I like this. That's why I like the show so much, is we can. Well, a so I can talk and hear myself speak, and then, you know, edit it.
Speaker B: I said, I. I texted you. I told you I was listening to that space on Friday night. And what did you text me back? You sent me a screenshot of you listening to our show that we recorded literally hours prior. I don't know. I don't know what that says about you.
Speaker A: It's. It definitely says something.
Speaker B: I tell you, last time I listened to a show back, I honestly listened to.
Speaker A: I. Especially on the weekend, if it's the week, if it's between Friday and Monday, I listen to that show twice. That Friday show twice.
Speaker B: Now, do you consider this like a pro athlete? Like, watching game film, honing your skill? Or is it like you just find the show that wildly entertaining?
Speaker A: That so many times I really enjoy the show. I listen to the show like, if this was two other people saying the exact same things, I would listen to that show all the time. I just think it's. That show is that good? So I, you know, I do a lot of walking around, and I think it's very funny because when I'm listening to our show, I'm literally just smiling or laughing the entire time. And I walk by people and they just kind of stare at me like, who is this psychopath just with a shitting grin on his face walking around? And it's because I'm listening to the show. But that's why I like it so much, is we can stay because we've said it a million times. You don't want to go away completely during these cycles, right? You want to keep your toe in the water and be around people that know what they're talking about so that when the very early start of the next bull run starts and in whatever shape that takes, you're, a, around people that know what they're talking about for the most part, and b, get that information as quickly as possible so then you can participate as quickly as possible. So this allows us to kind of talk about, you know, turkey burgers and Halloween costumes, but still keep us close to web three. And then again, just surrounded by people that know what they're talking about. So then when the switch flips, when the market starts to move in the direction we want to, we get fairly early access to it and then can, you know, take advantage of it as much as possible. So that. That's why I like doing the show.
Speaker B: That doesn't explain why you listen to it ten times, because it's a ten.
Speaker A: Out of ten show and everybody should rate and review it and give us five stars and all that fun stuff, because I honestly think we. I listen to a lot of podcasts I would put us up against. We should be, you know, bought out by a massive network. Maybe like barstool. I don't know. Does barstool have, like, these types of shows, or is it just sports?
Speaker B: It's like, mostly sports, but like, this. This with a sports slant would qualify, I think, you know, like a dj and bets or whatever would be appropriate. Maybe like this. That would. If we. If we were a little more structured on any one specific niche, like, that's kind of what it would be like. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Maybe. Maybe barstool needs, like, a hodgepodge show. You know what I mean? Just a little bit of everything.
Speaker B: I'm definitely the podge.
Speaker A: Oh, speaking of speak, I wanted. I completely forgot. I wanted to talk about this, but thank goodness we talked about barstool. Did you see the. I wanted your opinion on this. Did you see the debacle that happened during the barstool scramble, the golf tournament?
Speaker B: I did see the. I saw a video clip of, like, port. No, I don't remember where the guy who, where the other guy was from. What was the other guy?
Speaker A: I. I don't know who the other guys were.
Speaker B: Yeah. And basically how they were scoring the scramble. Right.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So he made the dude take it. He. The guy finished out a putt that potentially he should not have. So the guy was saying since he finished out the putt, the rest of his team could not take the fourth shot to try to sink the putt, and that he, they, that group automatically got a five, which is like a really dick move, quite honestly. So.
Speaker A: Yeah. So for those, for those of you listening at home that are familiar with the game of golf, when you're shitty golfers like me and bunch, a lot of times you'll play a scramble. Uh, you know, a lot of times we'll do that at. Yeah. Bachelor parties or golf tournaments are scramble formats work function. Golf tournaments are always scramble. And you know what happens is everybody shoots and then whoever has ball, right?
Speaker B: So.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, best ball is a little bit different. Best ball is kind of.
Speaker B: You play best ball scramble, though.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: The best. Best of the four shots.
Speaker A: Right. So everybody takes their ball and they go to the best shot, and then everybody hits again. They go to the best shot, and then so on and so forth. And then you get the best score. So when you get to the green, you have. Usually have. This was, I think this was a two man scramble, but normally they're four person scrambles. So regardless of the amount of players, everybody gets an opportunity to putt so if you're a four man scramble, you have four opportunities to make that birdie putt. And I think that was the case in this particular scenario. And then what'll happen sometimes is one person will putt. Usually that first person putts, they will get it close to the hole, and then we'll go in and tap in for the next one. So basically, they got their par. So then the other three people.
Speaker B: Yeah, all the other take a shot.
Speaker A: Exactly. And any scramble I've ever played in, that's always been perfectly fine, but for whatever reason, the dick in this tournament did not like any of that. So, you know, like, there's some people that just like to nitpick the rules and really be pricks about it when they're losing.
Speaker B: That's what this guy was typically not a portnoy guy. Like, I'm not just blindly siding with Dave Portnoy, but I think he was very right in this scenario.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. He was siding with the person that took the safety shot and then allowed his partner to putt. His partner was then allowed to putt and made the four, made the birdie. And I think it was scored that way. But I think the winner, the winner of this two man scramble, I think they split 30 grand. So, I mean, there was money on. You know, there was money on the line, but, yeah. So you're. You're saying safety shot is fine?
Speaker B: Yeah, I've never played any other way that, like, you're talking with real prison rules if you do it the other way and, like, the. The. I guess, like, the. The point the other guy is trying to make is like, well, you just leave the ball there, let the guy shoot, and you just tap in after if he misses. And. But, like, nobody does that. It's just, like, not a typical. Like, it's very common practice to do it that way. And, like, you've got to be playing with a real, you know, rule police guy to not do it that way, I guess. Also, though, like, typically you're playing a scramble and you're not being policed in terms of, like, there's no one watching your group. It's just kind of honor system courtesy. Right. Like, you know, there's. At least most of my scrambles are, you know, I don't have a crowd watching me or other. Or camera crews or things like that, you know?
Speaker A: Absolutely. Yeah. So I was very upset by. I hate when you have those. And it's not like they're playing match play because he was saying he was citing match play rules. Which match plays. Match play has a dedicated set of rules as opposed to stroke play, right. Individual stroke play. Scramble tournaments. There's no official rules. Like, there's no official scramble rules. There's a certain. There was certain rules that are kind of accepted. And so to pull, like, oh, it's the rule once that. That ball goes in the cup, that's the end of that hole for that team.
Speaker B: But even on a match play rule, right, like, the rule of, like, a gimme in match play is as soon as. As soon as the other person tells you it's good. It's good. Doesn't matter if you have to go hit that putt or not. So, like, if. If that person would have said the following putt was good, does that mean that ends the whole. No, right, like, you know what I mean? The other person still has to shoot.
Speaker A: Yeah, very upsetting. So I'm glad a lot of people chimed in. A lot of people sided with the.
Speaker B: Dick with rules guy. Get out.
Speaker A: Yes, I've seen a couple of. A couple of people.
Speaker B: Those are people you never want to golf with.
Speaker A: Like, you know who one of them was?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: Alfonso Ribeiro, aka.
Speaker B: Come on, Carlton. Yeah, come on, man. Yeah, Carlton, I saw somebody like, he's a rules. Rules freak.
Speaker A: Carlton, he does big rules.
Speaker B: He does. He does host many a game show which have very strict and stringent rules, you know? Absolutely.
Speaker A: Absolutely.
Speaker B: There's no pulling one over on one of Carlton's game shows on him. That's for sure. So, you know, I don't know. Anyway, all right, we got ten minutes left. We preface this tangent with what I had texted you about covering earlier. So I think twelve minutes is an appropriate time for this conversation. Would you like to read the text message I sent you?
Speaker A: Yeah, you texted me.
Speaker B: Now, for reference. This was in reply. This was in reply to a TikTok video you sent me.
Speaker A: Correct.
Speaker B: Of you crying on your wall to the song that we led the show with, so.
Speaker A: That's right.
Speaker B: You sent me a TikTok of yourself crying to mister Stevens new love ballad. That's right. This was my response.
Speaker A: Yeah. So he says. So you say, gotta fire that up for the pod intro, which we did. Next tweet today on the show. I need a TikTok primer. I said, you want to talk about TikTok? And you said, yeah, I want to start making them for sports betting. Never made one before. I was very intrigued. I sent you the eyeball emojis.
Speaker B: Yeah. Well, I mean, so look, you are. Do you consider yourself more of a ticker or more of a talker?
Speaker A: Is the talker the video, like, people that make videos or.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker A: I feel more of a ticker.
Speaker B: This is the base level of knowledge I'm dealing with. I don't know.
Speaker A: I watch more videos than I.
Speaker B: Okay, you're. You're a ticker. Okay, I see. So you are the person who watches more content than you create, but you've created quite a bit of TikTok content, both for Degen and your personal, you know, buttered sausage related.
Speaker A: That's right.
Speaker B: And so you. And you have gone viral, at least in one post.
Speaker A: So at least one post.
Speaker B: I have never made a TikTok at all. So I want you to kind of walk me through what is the differences that you. What are the differences that you see in, like, a tweet versus a TikTok? And, like, how do I even do it? Cause I don't know.
Speaker A: So you wanna do. Let's. Let's. Let's kind of, you know, blue sky this thing. You wanna make tiktoks with a sports betting, you know, theme to it, right?
Speaker B: Correct.
Speaker A: Is that any particular sport or just sports in general?
Speaker B: I'm currently college football focused, so. College football, let's say.
Speaker A: Okay, I think that's a good. I think what you want is one specific sport, whether it's college football or NFL. I feel like those are two separate things. And then is it going to be, like picks for the week sort of thing?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Sharing the picks out there.
Speaker A: I like that. I feel you want to make it, like, just over a minute. You know, maybe. Maybe a minute and a half.
Speaker B: That seems so long.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker B: Do a minute and a half video. I want, like, 30 seconds.
Speaker A: Okay, we'll try. I mean, you could. You tried a bunch of, like. I mean, I have no idea what I'm doing. So you can try it a bunch of different ways, maybe do it in the way that you like, where it's just like, oh, if I saw this, I would, you know, I would follow this person, or I would like these videos. Like, this is the style I would like. Because I feel like you represent a. The college football betting audience very accurately. Right? Yeah, I would say, yeah. So, I mean, if you like it, then probably a lot of people are going to like it.
Speaker B: The thing I'm worried about with a TikTok, as opposed to a tweet is the production value, which I have zero skill in.
Speaker A: I feel like the production value doesn't have to be that good. You could do it a couple of different ways. You could be, like, you could be on camera just talking. That'd be the easiest way to do it. Some people don't like to be on camera, and maybe you want to put in images of the teams or the particular players you're talking about. So that would probably require a little bit more editing and finding pics and that kind of thing. If you're looking for ease, you know, it's, you hop on the, you know, get a stabilized camera, you know, take your stabilized phone, put it in something where it's not going to shake or anything like that. Start, you know, start your spiel, and then afterwards you can put in, you know what I mean? It's just a matter of putting in the text to support what you're saying. You know what I mean? Like, I don't know. Alabama is a three and a half favorite. I don't know. Do you know what I'm saying? So you, maybe you want to create some graphics within tick tock. And again, it's just a matter of.
Speaker B: Doing this all within TikTok.
Speaker A: Yeah. TikTok has so many tools you can use, but it could be fairly simple. I would say start simple with the least amount of. Because I'm assuming you're probably only do what, one a week? Is it? Is it only once a week for college football?
Speaker B: Yeah, probably. Like, it's probably not a daily thing.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, so you could experiment. Like, maybe you do multiple videos, so you could do one video about multiple games or maybe multiple videos about specific games. You could do that. Have you seen anybody do something similar to that on tick tock?
Speaker B: No, I'm. I don't spend much time on TikTok. I just feel like, as opposed to tweeting for this type of content, it's probably the better platform of the two if I was gonna do something like this. Right.
Speaker A: I agree.
Speaker B: I have to get out in the tick tock streets and experiment with what's actually out there. But, yeah, like, I just feel, and I also kind of want to just create a fresh account that I. Not doing it on my main Twitter or whatever. Like, you know, there's people that I don't really know how to use my twitter at this point anymore. I don't care about stuff I used to care about as much. And, like, you know, I'm getting sub tweeted about pivoting to my interest to AI. So, like, you know, fuck everybody. I'm just not going to tweet and I'll go find other places to go and share content. You know?
Speaker A: I do like the bunch who bets handle for betting related content.
Speaker B: I mean, that's what this account was originally for. I started this Twitter as a clean slate to post sports betting content back in, God knows, 2015, 2014, full circle. This account actually. Shit, maybe it's 2009 that this account was. Yeah, so, like, that's what this count was initially for. So no surprise. Back to my roots of just being a total degen. But yeah, I don't know. I'm getting sub tweeted by me bits fanboys about my recent interest in AI and how I'm no longer web three participants, so who knows? Everybody can just go pound salt. But yeah, you know.
Speaker A: No, I'm. Let me know. I'm excited about this. I will like and subscribe. But yeah, no, how is your betting going? Like, are you, like, am I. I would also say post your wins too. Like, you know, you want to. You want to show people that you're amazing at win. Yeah. So I feel like that's going to have a certain influence on how successful your Twitter account is going to be.
Speaker B: Yeah, of course. I mean, you post winners and it's just like calling Alpha and NFT bull markets. You know, like that was. Those are the people that calling Alpha.
Speaker A: Is easy in a bull market. Yeah, I feel like the. There's no.
Speaker B: No. Being consistent sports betting is very difficult. It's. Right.
Speaker A: And there's no, like three times. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: No, there isn't. It's either you like, it's constant grind. Like, there's. You don't put it on autopilot and just number go up. Yeah.
Speaker A: Because, you know, if you're making Twitter, if you're making crypto calls, there's a, there's a, you know, there's a few months sometimes trend. Yeah, absolutely. You're not going to miss.
Speaker B: Right. Yeah, you can't. Right, exactly. Yeah. No, so far, I would say this past weekend was good. Last week was very bad. I've had more good weeks than bad weeks. I'm a long time profitable, better. So, like, I. It's not like I'm just shooting from the hip.
Speaker A: So tell me one time you want to win, like, what, 53% of the time or something like that?
Speaker B: You have to win 53% of the time to be profitable because the way the sports books are set up. Right. Like everything. You're laying 110 to win 100. Right. So that vague is the sportsbook margin, the price, the juice you're paying that you have to overcome by winning more. Right. So, like, you either have to win 53% of your straight -110 bets or you've got to be hitting 48% of your plus 110 bets or something. Right. You basically have to overcome the house edge. Does that make sense?
Speaker A: Totally.
Speaker B: Not as easy to do as you think, actually. So that. Yeah, so, like, most people, if you're, you know, like, the real measure, I think, of, if somebody is a good sports better, is not percent, not win percent. It's ROI. Because you're basically. You could hit, like I said, you could hit 40% if you're betting all moneyline underdogs and still have a profitable ROI because you're beating the juice. You know what I mean? So ROI is the best, I think, measure and long term, if you're hitting 7% ROI, that's like, God tier numbers.
Speaker A: Really?
Speaker B: Yeah. You're like, pro better numbers on, like, 10% plus is like God tier Roi. It's hard to do, and that's like, you know, spend out long term volume type of thing, like, over thousands of plays, you know?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Because anybody can. You can go. You could bet five plays this weekend and have a 50% roi and then. But, like, your sample size is small. Does that make sense?
Speaker A: Absolutely. Yeah. No, it seems like it's a lot of work.
Speaker B: It is. But it's fun. I mean, if you enjoy the process of it, right? Like, yeah, if you like that process, it's very. It's very fun. It's also very nerve wracking. Like, it's funny. It's like, I don't even know why I watch the games half the time. Because that. Watching the game is the worst part of it once you've actually put the money in play, because, like, you can't control the outcome at all. So you just give yourself ajida for 3 hours to get beat in the back door after 3 hours of winning a match, and you want to drive yourself crazy. And what I should actually do is just put all the bets in and go apple picking, you know?
Speaker A: I don't know how you, like, I've bet on games before, and it is so unpleasant.
Speaker B: Oh, just wait till I get into the NBA this year.
Speaker A: I couldn't imagine. Like, I was watching the pre, the Lakers played a preseason game on Friday, and it was just like, nothing, you know, just. I'm sure you could have bet on it, but, like, it's just so much more benefit. It's just so much more pleasant just to watch it as opposed to stress out if you're going to make your parlay or I do. I do have a quick basketball related question before we go, though. It came out last week, and Payne and I were talking about this earlier, but I wanted to get a your opinion as an American on how you feel about this. Joel Embiid, are you familiar with this basketball player?
Speaker B: Of course.
Speaker A: He's the center for the Philadelphia 76 ers, born in cameroon and is eligible to play for Team USA because he's a dual citizen. Last week came out and said he will, in fact, play for Team USA along with the likes of Steph Curry and LeBron ad a bunch of other Kevin Durant. I was ashamed for the american team. I feel that Americans shouldn't be allowed to have dual citizenship players on their team. What do you think?
Speaker B: So you're saying if you had us and canadian citizenship, you should not be able to play for the US?
Speaker A: Correct.
Speaker B: Interesting.
Speaker A: Why for the.
Speaker B: Again, just specifically, are you saying because the US seemingly has such a large advantage speaker one?
Speaker A: Not seemingly. It does.
Speaker B: Right. So, like. Like, once you add the optionality in, it is so far and away. So you're saying it would even the playing field if you took these citizen players?
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, I don't even think that. I feel like just the team USA. Like, if I'm LeBron James, do I require a dual citizenship player to be added to my team in order to win gold medal? Or do I feel, oh, no, any american that's playing in the NBA, like you, Steph Curry, Kevin Durant, like, you know, the list goes on and on. That's enough. We don't need dual citizenship all stars on our team. You know what I mean? Like, I'm sure Giannis Ananda Kupo is a dual citizen, but he's gonna play for Greece. You know what I mean? And I'm not opposed to dual citizenship players playing for other teams. Like, you might see some guys, like dual citizenship teams bringing players in, like Germany. I think China does it, but America shouldn't do that. I feel the same way about Canada, too. I don't want any dual set. I want Canadians on my canadian team. I feel we're good enough. We might not win gold medal against, you know, a stacked american team, but I feel we should be able to place. But I don't know. I was upset about it. Pain. I don't know if you're listening. I would like to hear, because I don't think we officially talked about it since Embiid announced that he was going to play for the team.
Speaker B: No, no.
Speaker A: We haven't how do you feel?
Speaker B: I get where you're coming from. I don't really know that we, that we need, actually, I know that we don't need him if we get the right players participating. But yeah, I think I agree with that take. Strangely enough, like, if you're dual citizenship, then, and you don't really need to be playing for America. Let's see how. Let's see how good we really are.
Speaker A: Yeah, I feel America's stocked enough. You know, like, let's be honest. If the best players from every country were playing for their team, there's no doubt that America has the most dominant team. You know, I don't know, it just feels.
Speaker B: What do you think about the. What the NHL does? Sometimes I feel like they've changed back and forth, but sometimes they've done. Pros were not allowed to play in said competitions.
Speaker A: I'm a big fan of that, too. I like having that. To me, you should be able to. If it's no pros for everybody, that's cool. Then it's, you know, even playing field again, I would rather have the pros playing like you should have the. It's the Olympics.
Speaker B: Like, I think this was because specifically, and I don't remember this if I'm correct on this, but I think it was specifically because it fell during the actual season.
Speaker A: I think you're right. I think that's what it was. Or the playoffs specifically. Cause you would have. You would have guys getting eliminated from the playoffs and then flying out to their team. I think that's how it was happening a couple of times. So it was, yeah. So like a particular team might start off with a shitty roster, but as the, you know, as teams are getting eliminated from the playoffs, just getting better and better. But no, I do think Olympics should have the best players, whatever the sport is from their country. So I do prefer having the professionals on the teams.
Speaker B: Yeah, I do too. More fun that way too. Yeah, but, yeah. Interesting.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: All right, my friend, shall we wrap it up for the day?
Speaker A: Let's do it. Let's do it.
Speaker B: This has been your Monday episode of Mid mic Crisis. Later tonight we have night shift at 11:00 p.m. if you want the real hot takes on what they think of Luca, they will definitely be spilling that over there at 11:00 p.m. tomorrow morning, coffee with captain, 08:00 a.m. alpha afternoons at 02:00 p.m. and don't forget lunch break at noon. So lunch break and then Alpha afternoons. That is going to do it for us. Until next time, keep the mic hot, close.
