Speaker A: That's cool.
Speaker B: What is that? An inhaler of weed?
Speaker A: No, just an inhaler because I smoked too much weed. Gotta. Gotta power up before the show starts, you know? Did Gary Vee ever get back to us?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: We're probably gonna fud some, some VSP today then.
Speaker B: No, do not fud my VSP.
Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by the DGEn community Network Media for the decentralized generation. If you want to connect or to.
Speaker C: Check out more great NFT and crypto.
Speaker A: Content, go to dgen.net work. That's dgen.net work.
Speaker B: Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am bunch, you alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, Chamber. Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker A: Do great, man. You know, it's. Whatever day it is today. It's beautiful outside, you know, NFT markets. Doing something for you, for everybody. It's doing something for everybody. It might not be good for everybody.
Speaker B: It's just not good for me. And joined with us today. Joined by today, Drew. Welcome back, Drew. We are super happy to have you back. What's going on, buddy?
Speaker C: Hey, thanks for having me. I guess the first thing I need to say is, you know, I was told this was going to start at four and bunch of showed up at around 415, so I just need to.
Speaker A: Make sure that we're not coffee with captain. All right. We're a little bit more stealthy, a little jazzier. Okay.
Speaker B: This is stealth drop podcast. We are not committing to any specific times, not even a specific day lately.
Speaker A: So is it the right day for a show?
Speaker B: It is. It is. Okay. Although I think we're going to have to.
Speaker A: We're going to move the show.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Thursday. Is that what. Is that what the plan is going to be, you think?
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker A: We'll see. We'll see what happens.
Speaker B: Might just cancel it. I don't know.
Speaker A: Hey, who knows? Burn the thing down.
Speaker B: All right, I'm going to go. I'm going to go a little different route today. And I'm not going to start with chamber. I'm starting with Drew. I'm starting with Drew. Drew, how are you currently feeling about the state of the NFT market?
Speaker C: Well, you know, if I just look at Twitter, I feel like the world's on fire because I guess we had like a huge drop off in crypto today and, you know, one ETH is one eth, but ultimately everybody is saying the world's on fire. And I'm sitting here, I'm just like, isn't it still above 3200? Right now. Like, it's not even, like, it's not even like we're back at, you know, 28, 27 down in that range. It's, you know, a 10% drop off from the crazy run we've been on in crypto. And then volume still seems like it's been pretty high. I know you're pulling it up right now. So overall, I'm feeling good. I will say I just don't know what projects to invest in right now. So that's where I'm out of the loop. But, like every. The vibe right now still seems pretty high.
Speaker B: Yeah, I guess that that's true. So, like, in the same, since we've done this show last week, we've got in, you know, let's, let's just look at volume here. We had, so this was what, Saturday the third or Sunday? Sunday was the third. The highest volume day that we've had since basically February, really, since this big spike at the beginning of February. Right. So volume, if you're looking at this, dip, dip, dip, dip, dip. And now we're on the uptrend. And so, you know, maybe coming back down a little the last couple days, but I mean, you're still in the. As of yesterday, you were still in $200 million land. Right. Which is pretty strong volume. Today. Looks like we're going to drop down pretty significantly compared to where we have been. But, I mean, that's massive volume. We saw it felt like everything was pumping over the weekend. Did it not chamber? You were a beneficiary of the.
Speaker A: I'm sorry. Were things pumping this weekend? I was away.
Speaker B: Yeah. Let's tell people about what was going on this weekend. Why don't you. We need a firsthand account of how you felt all weekend.
Speaker A: It felt pretty good. I'm gonna be honest. It started like last week. We got dropped. So I hold some azukis. Um, and I think last week what? Dropped this, like, mystery box and I woke up, I think was like Friday. Thursday or Friday last?
Speaker B: It was that. So it was at Nft. LA was going on.
Speaker A: So what would that have been like?
Speaker B: That was last week, Thursday ish. And then. And so what they actually did was at the right party, they dropped the, they airdropped everybody, all the zookee holders, the boxes or the parachute boxes, and.
Speaker A: They announced it right there. Right. They're like, check your wallet.
Speaker B: Check your wallets. Yeah. And so you obviously heard that from Canada.
Speaker A: I did. I checked my wallet. So I checked my wallet. I don't know about you guys, I'm pretty good weekend. If I. If I wake up in the middle of the night, I'm checking my phone and I check my wallet.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker A: But you guys, I'm a. I have a lot of problems. That's just one of them. So it was like five at four or five in the morning and, you know, go to the washroom or something. I come back, I check my phone, and I see these six things just dropped in my wallet. And I kind of look at it, like, a lot. I just thought it was absolutely some sort of trash somebody sent. Like, do you guys get a ton of, like, bullshit that just comes in your wallet and you put. You hide it? So I assumed it was that. And I look, and there was already offers on it, and it was like, offers of, like, two and a half or. I think it was like two and a half eth each. And I was just like, what the fuck is this? And then I looked into it a little bit more, and I saw that it came from Azuki, and it kind of matched up with the amount of zookeeze I had on a two to one. And. Yeah, so I'm like. So I went back to bed, woke up again, and they were, like, out, like, four eth. And I was having a great day. Like, it's. That started off terrifically. I sold a couple of them around for ETh and was, you know, having a good day, assuming because there was a pump on Azuki's prior to that drop. And.
Speaker B: Yeah, because people thought, you know, exactly. Definitely some. Some inside. Absolutely.
Speaker A: Absolutely. And if you play, like I said on Twitter the other day, if you're complaining about insider training, you're just a dweeb that doesn't have enough friends.
Speaker B: It just means you don't have inside information.
Speaker A: Absolutely. Like, be more. Be friendlier and maybe you'll get some. So, I mean, I think everybody sort of thought after the airdrop, there would have been, like, a sell off in Azuki, right? Like, they were. I think they were at 18 Eth or something like that. So, you know, maybe like a pullback to twelve or something. Who knows? And they just. Through the weekend, they just kept going like, the top. Like, I remember saying to my wife, I'm like, oh, look at these six airdrops I just got. They're worth, like, four eth each. I was bragging about that, and by the next day, I was bragging about, like, the value of these three Azuki's that I had left. And they were like, you know, they were at 22, 25 and then I started putting. I'm like, well, I got to put my money where my mouth is because I talk a lot of shit about not, you know, people not selling and holding their bags too long. So I put. I put one on for 30th. It sold, I think, overnight on Saturday night. Woke up Sunday morning, 30, you know, 30 less fees. It was like 28 eth, by the way. It's like two Eth for fees. Terrible.
Speaker B: But, yeah, I mean, that's what happens when you're playing with big blade, you.
Speaker A: Know, so you got to pay to play, right? So, yeah, a fresh 28 EtH in my walleth Sunday morning. And, you know, we were. We were loving life, and then, you know, we had a little bit of a pullback since then. But, you know, I think it's floating right around.
Speaker B: Not terrible, though.
Speaker A: Where are we at? 28.
Speaker B: 26. 26.8.
Speaker A: Okay, so, yeah, I've seen it right around 27.
Speaker B: So check out this number. 176,000 ETH traded. That's incredible. I mean, let's go look at. I don't know what bored apes is. It's obviously more than that, but, yeah. Okay, so Azuki's only been around for three months, right? 90 days, and they've got almost half of the volume that apes have, which.
Speaker A: Is, I'd say three good bull runs are in that number.
Speaker B: Yeah. Right. And I mean, look at the beans. Beans have done beans five and a half floor, and they're at six. Almost 17,000 ETH traders.
Speaker A: Crazy.
Speaker B: Yeah. Drew, what was your thoughts on Azuki this weekend?
Speaker C: I mean, I think we've seen that, you know, these. Whether it's a companion drop the coin with ape, like, it's not impacting the price the same way we've always expected it. Like, it's always been the sell before the drop happens. And I think we saw it with apecoin. We saw it with the gutter cat vials, and now we're seeing it with Suzuki. Is that like, these companion drops or these, like, additional items that people are giving out of is actually helping them? Because I think it's becoming such a great marketing tactic like that, you know, that check your wallets live on stage is going to be iconic in my mind. Like, that's something that is going to be played through. People are going to try it again, but it'll always be like Azuki did that. Like, they now have claim to a sick live event telling everybody to check their wallets and everybody there was like, instantly, you know, I think it was like two or three EtH instantly to now run up to the five and a half that we're seeing now.
Speaker B: Not to mention, people forget that whole new contract standard, the 721 A, which, the super gas efficient contracts. That was, that was. That was Azuki. So, like, they've made their mark. Our co host, Morgan, asked, who invited Drew. She's so, you know, we. We got your voicemail, Morgan. So we had to go with Drew. JP Kaz asks, who's the third guy? My name's Bunchu, and I've been here for a while. Thank you. But the. Yeah, I mean, so fat. All right, I'm making up a segment here, and I'm just gonna make stuff up off the top of my head. We're calling this segment fact or FUD. All right, all right. Azuki, the solid number two PFP project in the NFT space. Fact or FUD chamber number two? Number two.
Speaker A: Over. Over.
Speaker B: Pump over. Whatever you decide. I mean, this is it. Is it them or not?
Speaker A: I mean, I would say number three for sure. Um, premium carrots brings up a good point here. Uh, clone X, I think, is they're a little. Obviously, they're at a high price point right now. What are we, around 20 on clone X? I think that has a 30 eth plus move in it. Um, that one could. I don't. I know I'm a, I'm a bag holder, but I don't think they're number two. I might be wrong.
Speaker B: So you're going fud.
Speaker A: Fud.
Speaker B: Yeah, Drew, fact or Fud?
Speaker C: I have to. I have to go with FuD as well. I just don't think they've been around long enough to make it a number two spot. I will say I don't think clone X is up there either, because Clone X was supposed to flip in mutants, like, I think, a month ago when you guys had premium carrots on the, on the show. And then Azuki flipped both of them instead.
Speaker B: So I'm going, fact. I'm going contrarian here. I'm going, fact. You know, the volume here, to me speaks for itself as far as the desirability. I mean, look, Clonex has had, you know, a ton of volume themselves. Obviously, they've got the power of Nike behind them, but, like, the volume number, they're tied with total overall volume here. And, I mean, I guess both projects are around the same age. Yeah, but I think there's just. I think there's this mass appeal for this, you know, leader for, for the anime style leader here. And, like, they're clearly rocking here. I mean, what is the clone X dropped the monolith box. I don't. Haven't heard too much about that. It didn't make a ton of, you know, noise, like seven, but here it is. It's that. Yeah, it is. It's at six and a half. So this is traded. I mean, so, you know, koenigs definitely up there. Yeah.
Speaker A: Like, I think it still has, like, I don't know, in the near future, like, I would say in the next, like, in the month of April will be over 30 ETH at some point, and I might come back down, but I think it's. I think it's there.
Speaker B: I think you're also. So. I mean, you can make the argument that. I mean. All right, we've talked Azuki here. We've talked clone X as being potential twos.
Speaker C: I mean, it's punks, though, right? Like, is it.
Speaker B: Is it still punks? I mean, is it for the time being?
Speaker A: I think so. Right? I don't know.
Speaker C: What do you think? I'm taking a punk, you know, over all of them besides a board ape right now.
Speaker A: I agree. I. I would take a punk over a board ape, too. By the way, for the record, why just the first. First to market, you know, the first big one.
Speaker B: Yeah, but they don't do anything.
Speaker C: I think it's because of the ownership group. That's what chambers wanting to buy into. It's the company behind punks now, and that's what chamber wants access to.
Speaker A: That's why.
Speaker B: The same one he was putting last week, those numbers.
Speaker A: I could go. I weasel my way, though. I'll be. I'll be, you know, chief executive officer in a week's time.
Speaker B: Interesting. All right, so that was. That was number one factor. Fud. I'm going to come up with a second one here. But so, you know, I also thought it was very funny what they did on.
Speaker A: On April 1.
Speaker B: Yeah, I thought that was funny. Do you want to talk about that real quick?
Speaker A: Yeah. April 1, I was shocked. Like, I was. I thought it was. I was kind of upset. So the box that they airdropped us turned into just, like, open box of shit or mud. I'm not sure what it was.
Speaker B: It was dirt.
Speaker A: It was dirt. Yeah, just a box of dirt. And I was just like, is this the reveal? Like, it. I. I always get caught on April 1. Like, it. Something will get me. I'm. And that got me. That was the thing that got me. I'm like, is this the. Is this what? Like, this is what I've been waiting for. What is this box of dirt. But yeah, sure enough they just updated the, the metadata and yeah, played an April fool's prank on everybody. I think it was, I think it was a hit. I think it was a hit.
Speaker B: It was really funny. Although it definitely did cause a couple panic sells. Like people, some people took like three eth offers right when it was happening and I was trying to get, I was trying to scoop you trying to.
Speaker A: Get in on that.
Speaker B: Yeah, I was trying to get it. I didn't get to either. But uh. Yeah I thought it was pretty funny but I could see how it's potentially dangerous because somebody might have dropped that bag.
Speaker A: But for sure, you know, for sure somebody did.
Speaker B: But. All right. Fact or fud number two here we are going to Apeland. The current price of ape coin and $0.02. We've had apecoin hit at the top here around 1750 according to Coingecko here all time high at 717. All time low 621. So there's the rumors flying around that you're gonna be able to buy the land the other side. Land only in apecoin, which is interesting mechanic. They just did that with the merch as well. Give a use case for sync. Fact or Fud. I guess. Let's, let's go here. Fact or Fud. Ape coin will reach its all time high and break its all time high before or during the land sale chamber.
Speaker A: It will not. Fud.
Speaker B: Fud. All right. Give me why?
Speaker A: I just, I just don't think it's going to do anything. I think it's going to fluctuate between eleven and $14 for eternity. Just play it between eleven and 14 forever and ever and ever and you'll be just fine. I just don't see it. I'm not sold on Apecoin or the ape community or that goddamn team.
Speaker B: Taking.
Speaker A: A real hard stance against the team.
Speaker B: For like no reason, no reason at all.
Speaker A: I'm sure they're all fine people.
Speaker B: Drew. Fact or Fud.
Speaker C: I mean I don't think it'll, I don't think it'll break through. You know chamber and I were talking about this before. I think it'll sit between those two barriers leading up to the land sale and I think it'll probably fluctuate between you know 1011 and 1415. It might spike up a little bit right leading or like right when the news of the land sale happens and everybody tries to buy up to it. But I think even then it'll probably just slowly trickle down until the land sale happens and then after the land sale I think we'll probably see our lowest prices just because there isn't what's next already. Like people instantly go to what is next for apecoin after that. So I think, you know, going off it, if you can buy it now, I think you'll see 1415 again. You probably get out there and get back in at 1112 again before the lane sales.
Speaker B: So you're saying fud on this as well will not break all time high.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: All right, interesting. Chris Jordan, whoever that is, says he's not sold.
Speaker A: Some joker with an a.
Speaker B: Powder says facts. A powder in the chat says that it's going to break all time highs before that. And he says he thinks it's going to hit $25. So here's, I'm going fact again, I'm fading, both of you, and I'm going fact, I'm going to say that it does hit all time highs. I'm going to say that it hits all time highs. And the thing, you know, you're not remembering there is that like these are now, these are token sinks. Like those coins are now gone forever. Right? So it's not like, I mean yeah there'll be new coins created but I think right now there's so little supply out there that I mean for example, I filled out the, you know, I filled out the KYC to buy land or assuming that's what that Kyc was for. I don't own any apecoin right now but I will surely try to buy some of that land. I'm going to need to go buy it chamber. I doubt you're not going to go try to buy it. Regardless of what you say you're going to try to buy some a.
Speaker A: It'll be with a separate wallet.
Speaker B: A powder is willing to bet some merch on it. You want to take them up on that chamber?
Speaker A: I think that's dollar 25. A hundred percent.
Speaker B: Well let's just give him the all time high. Is he going to, he gets the all time high.
Speaker A: So what do we call it, 1750? $18?
Speaker B: Is that we're saying 1717 according to, according to Coingecko here, 1717.
Speaker C: So bunch of, this is the real alpha though. Are you going to put your money where your mouth is and actually go and buy apecoin right now or should everybody that's listening go and do that instead? And that way we can, we can all celebrate in your tears like in two weeks.
Speaker B: I mean what else is fucking new?
Speaker A: If bunch doesn't buy then all time highs.
Speaker C: Yeah, I'm actually going to reverse and I'm going to agree with you and probably go buy some ape coin after this.
Speaker B: Wow. All right. Interesting. I have not purchased any ape yet. However, I mean, it is getting. It actually all depends on what the price action looks like into the sale as well because, you know, it's a lot harder to hit $17 from $8 than it is from 14. So, like, you know, if it's, it really depends on, I guess, the overall state of the market prior to this land sale, which at the moment, uh, we are, we're hitting a little downslide here. 3200. If, you know, if ETH goes back to 2700, you know, we might see an eight dollar ape coin. And now you're in a different here in a different scenario, I think.
Speaker A: But are you guys not trading it versus ETH, though?
Speaker B: Okay, I'm not trading it. I don't have any.
Speaker A: No, but like, if you were to buy it, would you buy it with ETH?
Speaker B: Like, yes. So, yeah, I don't think we've seen.
Speaker C: It as correlated to ETH as we've seen a lot of other crypto because it's, it's basically been flatlined between 14 and eleven the entire time it's been out where ETH has been on a run. You know, like when, when I first transferred over, you know, my apecoin was at eleven and ETH was at like, I think, like 2600.
Speaker A: And you're trading out if you're training.
Speaker B: Do you have a chart?
Speaker A: I don't have an ETH chart. Not versus eight, but give me 1 second.
Speaker B: All right. No, forget it. It's not worth.
Speaker A: I will next time just to fud it. All right. But yeah, I mean, and if you're getting out, like if you're selling your ape coin, I'm assuming people are getting eth when they're selling their apcoin. Like when.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Yeah. Right. Like that's how you're getting out.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So, yeah. That's an interesting, that's an interesting trade. I'd like to look at that.
Speaker B: I've got another factor fud here that I'm just making up off the top of my head.
Speaker A: Did I fud two in a row? I feel.
Speaker B: Yeah, you and I factored two in a row. And Drew, Drew's actually, I'm not taking that as an official change in answer there, Drew, I think you're fudded two in a row as well. My next one here, invisible friend, whatever it is.
Speaker A: I think fud too I see you.
Speaker B: At zero invisible friends. All right, so we've got invisible friends here that we're now. How long removed from. How long removed from this drop are we? Drew, you were in the invisible friends drop. Was it about a month ago now?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think it was like the last week of February. So we might be even a month and a half ish.
Speaker B: Let's see what happened during that. February 27 is the date.
Speaker A: I didn't mint that one.
Speaker B: You couldn't have minted it. It was whitelist only, Drew. Drew had whitelist from being in the discord.
Speaker A: Oh, that's right. You were early, weren't you, Drew?
Speaker C: Yeah, I was like one of the first, like a thousand in their discord and I hit like, the first raffle they ever had. And I was so scared the whole time they were gonna remove my whitelist for being inactive. So I would go in there and I was the GM guy that would just like, say GM every so often.
Speaker A: That's awesome.
Speaker B: Gm. Gm. So, Drew, you made it a pretty nice hit on that. You minted for 0.25. You sold it for what, 13 or 1010?
Speaker C: And a half.
Speaker B: Ten and a half.
Speaker A: Ten. Half eth.
Speaker B: Yeah, the same day. That's a pretty solid play.
Speaker C: That's rolled it into a baby Kong's at eight etH, which is now at four and a half, I think.
Speaker B: All right, so the question here, invisible friends, they came out with their roadmap this week. So they, they had a roadmap drop. They're currently sitting here at 6.569 etH. Over the weekend. They ran up to about 7.3 is what they hit. The factor fud will, invisible or invisible friends hits ten e as a pr, as a floor price again this year. Fact or fud chamber fud.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's not hitting ten eth again. I feel ten Eth is a tough one. Like five ETh is tough and ten Eth is tough. And if you're not a, like a real blue chip, getting above ten eth is, is very difficult. Like, yes, I know they got there once, but I kind of reminds me, this is. And I'm going to fud another bag right now, too. So quad, quad fud. This kind of reminds me of gutter cat, you know what I mean? Where not, not so much in the project itself, but in like, oh, it hit ten e, but I don't think it's going to get over ten e ever again. It's, it's kind of that, that level, like this will fluctuate between five and ten. Ethereum, probably for. Until it goes to zero, is my guess.
Speaker B: Interesting.
Speaker A: Drew? Same as. Same as gutter cat gang, by the way.
Speaker B: All right, well, wait a second. One thing at a time. One thing at a time. We'll go to gutter cat gang next. True factor fud ten.
Speaker C: I mean, I think so. If I remember correctly, the next thing they had planned was some sort of, like, additional art drop over the summer for a random collective, which is like, it's the parent company of invisible friends. I think that's going to be the closest chance you'll have to hitting ten e again. And if it doesn't at that time, I think it goes straight to zero. Like, I think we might have a straight, you know, the candlestick of doom that goes straight to zero.
Speaker A: Has anything gone to, like, like, five plus and gone to zero? Or, like, you know, whatever? Less than one e is mecheverse. Less than one eth right now.
Speaker B: Less than, like, half an eth at the current moment. Yeah. Rough stuff. Yeah.
Speaker C: So ape is down at 1.2.
Speaker B: Oh, hey, what's Meka verse at?
Speaker A: Look at these things.
Speaker B: So here's the roadmap. Here's the roadmap. They partnered with Kith, which is not a small partnership. I think that's actually pretty huge. They've got some things on the plan for NFT NYC, 3D, invisible friends, some physical toys. And then this is the garbage friends that you were talking about, Drew.
Speaker C: I can't believe you'd say that about me and chamber. I thought we were your real friends. That hurts.
Speaker B: No, definitely garbage friends.
Speaker A: Garbage friends is where I live. That's my sweet spot.
Speaker B: You two are definitely garbage friends. The. So. So you both fudded? Is that what we're doing? Yeah. Okay, well, I'm facting.
Speaker A: I feel so bad for all these. All these projects.
Speaker B: You either feel bad for the project or you feel bad for me because I'm getting fucking wrecked out here if I'm wrong on all three, right.
Speaker A: I thought you'll probably be right on one of them.
Speaker B: Here's why. So roadmap. Pretty decent, right? You know, for. For what it is. I think there's value in a Kif partnership. I think there's value in, I mean, for us. If. If they could get a quarter of the hype for this, you know, companion drop as they had for the invisible french drop. Like, don't forget this thing was a marketing machine. This thing was the most anticipated drop of the year up until, you know, right now. But here's the metrics are crazy. So, you know, 70,000 ETH traded is what we just said. Or sorry. No, sorry. 36,000 ETH traded. So not small potatoes, not, you know, clone X and Mizuki levels. But, but check out this. That a collection of 5000, there are 4117 unique owners right now. 4117, that's an 80% unique owner count. Like, you don't see. You don't see that projects, you just don't see it in projects that are not like membership passes. You know what I mean? Like, you don't. And so the distribution is insane. So if they can start delivering on roadmap stuff and continue to build hype, like, the floor is pretty darn thin. Like, if you go to, you know, I'll do one more thing here.
Speaker A: Maybe I do want one of these. Just looking at the.
Speaker B: I'm a fantastic marketer, huh? But like, just like, look at the, you know, your ladder here. Let's just do point ones. You know, just to get to eight and a half. You're only talking about 155, right? Like, you know where the floor is pretty darn thin, right? You know, you could do, let's say, tony.
Speaker C: I mean, go find some of those people holding Azuki's, and if they sell a couple of them, they can sweep the floor for you bunch, you.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker C: We're just not in that same circle. Besides chamber, I think all of us.
Speaker A: Missed a zookeeper telling you guys.
Speaker B: Well, no, Drew. Zookees are added on to my paper hands, GG. I had three of them that I sold pre reveal.
Speaker A: I bought three after you sold your three.
Speaker B: Yes, that's correct.
Speaker A: And for the record, I didn't buy your three.
Speaker B: No, you did not.
Speaker A: That would be more painful.
Speaker B: All right, so we've got. Wow. All right, let's just recap the factor fud, which turned out to be a great segment, by the way. So I'll pat myself on the back for that.
Speaker C: But also, none of those were the projects that chamber and I were talking about flooding during this.
Speaker A: Yeah. Great.
Speaker B: So we're going to get more. We're going to get more.
Speaker A: Yeah, we have more fuds.
Speaker B: Okay, well, let's get there in a second.
Speaker A: I didn't gutter cat gang, though. I needed to fud gutter cake.
Speaker B: Let's just recap the factor fud. So the first question, I don't even remember what the first question was. Oh, two. You guys both said no. I said yes. Next was will apecoin break all time high for the land sale? You both said no. I said yes. Will invisible friends hit ten e again? You both said no. I said yes.
Speaker A: I feel like I might flip on invisible friends.
Speaker B: Really? Problem.
Speaker A: The problem is at this price, it's hard to buy multiples.
Speaker B: I'm not sure I disagree with JP Kaz here. Cyber brokers hits ten heath before invisible friends. I think that's very possible. Cyber brokers.
Speaker A: I'm fighting cyber brokers, too. Terrible art. Terrible.
Speaker B: I disagree.
Speaker A: Yeah, you like it?
Speaker B: Yeah, I like it.
Speaker A: It's not the wrong ones.
Speaker C: The art for in the entire Nft universe.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker C: The only one that I do like in the entire generative art universe. But I will say I will never spend five Ethan arthem my entire life.
Speaker A: No, that's tough. That's, that's difficult to do. We didn't even talk about VSP. That was the other one we're gonna find.
Speaker B: Well, I would rather you not.
Speaker A: I mean, I would rather us not too, but I feel we should a little bit.
Speaker B: I would rather not.
Speaker A: How many do you have?
Speaker B: Too many. Eleven. I bought eleven.
Speaker A: I think I have more than that now.
Speaker B: Wow. Why'd you buy? Oh, you bought yourself in.
Speaker A: I couldn't stop myself. I'm an idiot.
Speaker B: Well, I mean, if you're DCA, you're fine at this point, but, uh, yeah.
Speaker A: No, I have 917.
Speaker B: Oh, that's too many.
Speaker A: What did I do? Well, this has got the one eth, guys. This is one eth.
Speaker B: Look, I'm not concerned long term about it. The, where you're concerned is short term because you spent way too much on gas. And that's, that's the bottom line. And, and I think the bigger story is not how it was conducted more personally. It's a lesson in, like, FOMO. Like, you know, if anything, the Vaynerchuk touch typically turns to gold. So I am not concerned long term that this, that I'll come out positive in this.
Speaker A: What do you think? Yeah, what do you think? Like, that? Like, what do you think a number is for this.
Speaker B: Maybe? Yeah, I would say probably an ETh at some point, depending on what they're, you know, what they end up doing with utility. Like, who knows? May. I mean, there's a lot of ways they could tie stuff into any of this, right? But, you know, it's a no brainer until it's not in the sense that, like, I shouldn't have, like, you want to get in so bad at the time and you don't realize what you're doing in terms of your gas prices. And I did. I knew what I was doing. But, you know, you figure that it's going to hold at those prices that most people got in Athenae, and it's not. And so that's when you start to panic a little. But it just goes, it's the typical thing where you're just gonna shake it out and it'll go, you know what I mean? So, yeah, it just turns into a medium. Like, what started out as potentially a short term flip now turns medium long term run.
Speaker A: And honestly, I was picking some up for, you know, three, like. .375.
Speaker B: You know, they're still around there right now, I think.
Speaker A: Yeah, like maybe 0.4. But I mean, this is just a good a spot as any. Like, it's probably bottomed, I would say.
Speaker B: Like, I don't think there's more 40 nine.
Speaker A: Yeah. So I don't think. I don't think that there's much down, you know, space for loss here. I think it's up.
Speaker B: Unique owners keeps going up. It started yesterday under 4200, I think we're at 30 or 6300 unique owners. Today, 3200 ETH traded. So, you know, all we have short.
Speaker A: Term memory in like, the NFT space. Like, no one's gonna remember that it was a shitty drop.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, no, that no one cares about that after this week. Like, totally doesn't matter. All they care about is did you get wrecked or not? And right now we're unfortunately still wrecked.
Speaker A: But you're only wrecked if you sell Manda.
Speaker B: Yeah. Which I have not sold any yet. That's good. Drew, what's your thought on the whole process?
Speaker C: So. Well, so the process I thought was, was terrible. I will say my biggest concern for you guys as holders, though, was AJ coming out afterwards and saying like, hey, this was, this is my project. Like, Gary isn't super involved.
Speaker A: That did not help things. I agree.
Speaker C: So to me, like, that was the biggest red flag out of yesterday. Like, yeah, the drop was. Was bad, but like, Gary and like, that whole family like to do the, you know, the fake hype, you know, as soon as it was like, oh, it's a stealth drop, but every single Alpha discord was getting a different alert about when it was happening. Like, I had three different channels that were telling me the time of when it was dropping and it's like, yeah, I have.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's a good point. I have no doubt that it was intended to be stealth. And, you know, if the wrong person gets hold of that information, it goes everywhere very quickly. You know what I mean? So. And that, that ultimately and the wrong person.
Speaker A: Was Gary in this? Gary was the wrong person. You can tell this guy didn't have a lot of friends in high school like he likes to. Now he's got friends like, oh, you guys want some information?
Speaker B: Well, you know, the, and I think you're right about that, too, but, like, it wouldn't have been such a disaster if it actually was stoked and. Right, because you're the time for it to alert and get out. You don't get the same type of gas war that you get. Right. And then, and so that, coupled with how the contract was written, because it was meant to be stealth and not, and it's a little more cumbersome contract and takes more gas, you know, that was just a recipe for disaster, which was interesting because then you see, moonbirds, which is another now super high project that was supposed to be a dutch auction, is now changing the way they're going to do their drop because of this. And I think that's an interesting thing to note as well, because quite honestly, their original drop was, oh, dutch auction, two and a half eth. We don't think it's going to sell out there. And they probably didn't at first. And the hype got so big that, that it was very clear it was going to sell out at two and a half eth. So if you left it that way, they would, we would be looking at the same exact thing, you know, next week when they go to mint. And so now they're changing it to a raffle. Sucks for us because I think your, your chances of actually hitting on that are you much lower than if you were actually just playing in a gas war. But it's probably the right thing for fair distribution. What are your thoughts?
Speaker C: Did they change the price on it or is it 2.5?
Speaker B: No, they're gonna go 2.5 at raffle now, I think. And that's what, that's kind of what he was leading to.
Speaker A: So raffle, dutch auction, like, I don't.
Speaker B: Know, the dutch auction is going to.
Speaker A: Be gone, so it's just gonna be 2.52.5. It's not going any lower.
Speaker B: No. And everybody, and I'm going to pay for it. If I get, if I can, I'll buy, I will line up to buy as many as they will let me. Yes. So the, if you haven't heard about moonbirds, moonbirds is the PF, official PFP project by the proof collective, folks. So that's Kevin Rose, Ryan Carson, you should also check out.
Speaker A: Oh, Ryan Carson was on coffee with captain. Coffee captain. This morning, kept.
Speaker B: Keep. So go check out coffee with captain.
Speaker A: I still have to edit the show. It's going to be. If you're. If you're a podcast listener, it'll be out this evening.
Speaker B: Oh, well, that's the only way for them to actually go back and listen. So wait for the podcast to come out. Go take a listen. We will also be having Ryan on this show on Tuesday at 04:00 to talk all things moonbirds.
Speaker A: So are we getting whitelist spots or.
Speaker B: No, there is no. Automatically there's no whitelist. Uh, there's. There's no whitelist, but, uh, we are having him on to talk about moonbirds as well.
Speaker A: Let me talk to him. I'll talk to him off the air. We'll see.
Speaker B: Yeah, right. Sure. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: It turns out we're banned.
Speaker B: Yeah, right, exactly. You're gonna get all of our wallet.
Speaker A: You're gonna have to get some new wallets. Yeah. Everybody associated with DJiB is one more.
Speaker B: One more factor. Fud chamber. Are you familiar with the proof collective?
Speaker A: I am not so proof. Big shocker.
Speaker B: Yeah, right. Exactly. The dude chambers, like, the guy that wins the March madness office pool every year that has no clue about what is actually going on. And that's what he is in nft. Listen, he's the most successful out of all of us.
Speaker A: I have feelings.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, tip me off to those feelings next time, because, yeah, now I can't buy. I can't buy 120, so I don't want any.
Speaker A: You could absolutely buy.
Speaker B: No, I can't. I have no money left. I'm broke. I'm broke. But proof collective, this is the proof pass by Kevin Rose. And it is. We could have minted this as many as we wanted at one eth chamber. And now look at the price of those 69 e to get in the door for proof.
Speaker A: Whoa.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So I like any place where you got a 69 to get into the. You know, to get in. Right. That's. That's a good. That's a good time. 69 eth man. Are you kidding me?
Speaker B: Well, this is why. This is part of the reason why moonboard moonbirds is so hyped, because people have seen what they've done with proof collective. Right? Yeah. Plus. Yeah, not to mention the giveaways and things that they've allowed you, the airdrops and all that. They, you know, they dropped people the Grail collection, which is pretty incredible. But, yeah, we'll be talking to them on Tuesday, so stay tuned for that. But that if you could get your hands on one of those. I pay the two and a half eth, not financial advice.
Speaker A: That's like financial advice. I'm going to take it as financial advice.
Speaker B: Okay. Are you into moonbirds or not? I know I keep. I keep talking to you about it, but are you into it?
Speaker C: I mean, I don't think I'm going to be able to afford it because I have all of my eth tied up in Jenkins right now, so I will not be able to do anything else.
Speaker A: Jenkins?
Speaker B: Yeah, Jenkins, the ballet.
Speaker A: Like, what are you. What are you holding? You got some crazy stuff.
Speaker C: I've increased my bag substantially just because they, you know, they're talking about these upcoming partnerships that they want to do. And I think if they get one bit, if they get one big project roped into a Jenkins project, then all of those people try and buy these Genesis Jenkins NFTs and supply shock is so fast. It's a project that doesn't have very many listed at any point in time. And, you know, gutter Cat gang was blowing up his mentions this week. If they get gutter cat gang doodles, any Azuki, any of these big projects to want to do a collaboration with him for their audio series, which I don't even think is that cool of a thing, but it's use of IP, which is just super unique in the space in general. And so, you know, we are book people.
Speaker B: Oh, nice.
Speaker C: And it one supply shock inbound. I'll flip most of them. But yeah, I have. I have seven. Seven tickets for the flip right now. And then I have two holding long term.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's exciting. Sweeping. Awesome. I've been doing the same thing. I've been sweeping a project. A project both you guys are involved in. Ben Mazarik project. I was sweeping some of the bitcoin boys. I don't know what they're called. What are they called? Bit boys?
Speaker B: No, they're. They're definitely not called bitboys. Let's.
Speaker C: Let's just let Chamber keep guessing.
Speaker B: I actually don't want him to call them bit boys. So we're going to correct him.
Speaker A: Little bit ease bitcoin.
Speaker B: Why don't you. Why don't you correct.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker C: Yeah. So, you know, for those of you who are watching in our holders of the Ben Mesrich project, we did just have our claim for drop two. It's a one per wallet. And you're getting a bitcoin. Bitcoin Billy.
Speaker A: Bitcoin Billy. It would have took me a while to get to Billy how do you.
Speaker B: Think the art came out? Chamber.
Speaker A: I like it. I like both. I like both. I think these are cool.
Speaker B: I got some of the same artists for both. Shout out James Akaan over Mars on Twitter. He's our artist for the project, and he does an awesome job. Some of these are really, really, really cool. Very PFP able.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I got. I got an all black with rainbow vomit. That's real nice. Big fan. But, no, they're cool. But I like. I mean, correct me if I'm wrong, but I like the fact that the art is almost secondary with these. Right? Is that.
Speaker B: I mean, yeah, the utility is built in here, because this is your actual second piece to our screenplay.
Speaker A: That's the important part.
Speaker B: Yes. Right. So, for every rocket you have, you it would behoove you to own a billy.
Speaker A: However, I think I have too many. I think I have, like, 20 rockets.
Speaker B: Well, you. If you had 20 billys, you could set yourself up for all those screenplay tokens. But if you don't, not to worry.
Speaker A: I'll get 20 bellies.
Speaker B: The Ben Mesrich Roadmap 2.0 is coming out probably next, early next week, so you'll see what you could do with all those extra rockets anyway, so.
Speaker A: Okay. All right.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But that's. That's it. Pick yourself up some, uh, rockets. What else? We got anything else before we get out of here?
Speaker A: I don't think so. I've shit on all the projects I want to shit on today.
Speaker C: I mean, my last question.
Speaker B: Did you miss any?
Speaker C: My last question is, do we think that cool pets will ever reveal cool pets or the last species of gutter vials? Who you got?
Speaker B: That's a great question. Factor. Factor. Fud factor. Fun. Cool pets reveals before. Before the last clone or the last gutter cat? Clone vial chamber.
Speaker A: Okay, so it's. It's. Will it reveal before the last gutter species? Yeah, vile clone. Okay, fact. It will. I I feel bad saying it, but I do feel like it's gonna happen.
Speaker B: That there will reveal.
Speaker A: I think. I think unless gutter just goes and says the other three are ready to. You know, I mean, like, I feel they're gonna do a staggered reveal. They'll do dog next, and I don't know, but, yes, I do feel. I do feel the pets will reveal before the last gutter file.
Speaker B: What do you think, Drew?
Speaker C: Honestly, I haven't seen anything from cool cats about when it is ever planning on revealing. At this point, I feel like they're still blaming, like, some unknown glitch in.
Speaker B: The matrix they're using or they have some. They have, like, a closed beta going on right now, I think, for the actual game. So we'll see. But I think you're right. There's no official announcement on when.
Speaker A: Well, what happened this weekend where they had to come out and say, oh, we're not being purchased by yuga labs or something.
Speaker B: Oh, that was a crazy rumor that went around that went viral. Yeah.
Speaker A: You guys hear that?
Speaker B: Yeah. And then the, the sales bot went, brrr. Like, everybody, like, sold a ton of cool cats in that, like, ten minute span, and then they did. They debunked that really quickly. But, uh, so you said, what is that fact or fud?
Speaker C: I I think I'm, I think I'm going cool pets just because I think if they don't reveal within by the end of April, I think that, like, cool cats might die at that point. So I think I'm, I'm going cool pets because I think, you know, chambers probably right that I think species will probably the second one will reveal, like, mid April, 3 one end of April and won't even happen until, you know, sometime in May.
Speaker B: Still love gutter cats.
Speaker A: I love the art. I love gutter cuts. I love the way they look, but they're impossible to trade. Everything that you get from them doesn't work out the way it should. And, yeah, I'm done with them. So can you pull up the comment from Florgon 333? I just lowered it to my absolute, you know, absolute lowest price. So you can.
Speaker B: Are we getting a trade live on?
Speaker A: No, they. I just saw the offer. It's not enough. It's the what the price is. You can work where you can buy it at. It was, it was, it was. It's a pretty sweet dog, but I'm just done with it. I got to get these things. I get these things off my plate.
Speaker B: Yeah, you got to clean up for moonbirds.
Speaker A: Yeah, moonbirds. Uh, what's the other one? The other one is picker rooms. I'm excited.
Speaker B: I don't know about Pickering. I I I'm in the discord. I don't know too much about the project.
Speaker A: I like the art all.
Speaker B: I like the art.
Speaker A: All I know is, uh, if chambers.
Speaker B: Got the feeling, we better pile in.
Speaker A: Yeah, there's. Who's this? There's somebody, isn't there? Somebody pranksy maybe or, I don't know, somebody. But yeah. Art looks good. Art looks good.
Speaker B: Second week in a row. Dickens with his crypto dick butt here or dickle butt or whatever the heck this is. Moonbirds. Not the same level as pickering. That's probably pretty true there, I think, sugar. Shane, are we saying.
Speaker A: He's saying. Is he saying that the moonbirds are higher than pickering?
Speaker B: Yes, totally.
Speaker A: I was going to say, I'm like, oh, do we have a pickaroo?
Speaker B: Maxi, we're going to be talking about moonbirds next year. As. Are they a are they, are they.
Speaker A: Number one to PFP hot take? I don't think apes is going to be number one in twelve months from now, maybe. Hot take.
Speaker C: That's the hottest take ever. Yeah. That is fun.
Speaker A: That's absolute fun. I'm fighting apes because I can't buy one. Uh.
Speaker B: What do you mean?
Speaker C: Sell all of your Zuki stuff and you might not worry.
Speaker A: Not worth it for that garbage.
Speaker B: All right, that's gonna do it for us. I won't stand for this. It was just two guys fudding the whole time and then me disagreeing with you.
Speaker A: I love it. I love it.
Speaker B: Morgan says, see you on the other side, chamber. I don't know if that means he bought it or nothing.
Speaker A: I don't know what that means either.
Speaker C: Anyway, that chambers buying land in the ape sale, I think that's what that means.
Speaker B: I hope Chambers buy of ape is the one that it'll be the top.
Speaker A: It'll be $18 and I'm like, all in, guys.
Speaker B: Anyway, the resident top buyer is calling this show dead. Here we are leaving. That's going to do it for us. Until next time, stay mint.
