Speaker A: Gm.
Speaker B: Hey, budge. There you go. I won't talk about another year.
Speaker A: No, now we need to talk about it. Let's get. Let's get into it. I mean, we got. You have 1 minute before we officially start. So it's really a question of, do you want this on the official broadcast or not?
Speaker B: No, this will just be for the insiders. A couple years ago, I want to say, like, 2017, something like that. My wife had come up to me, and I'm sitting on the couch, and out of the blue just asks me. Looks me down the eye and says, can you name me some Sinbad movies? And I start rhyming off some, you know, and at the end, I'm like. I said. And I'm like, oh, and, you know, Shazam or Kazam, whatever. You know, whatever it's called. I said, you know, there was a shack one and there was a Sinbad one. I said, whatever the other one was. And she's like. And she looks at me and she smiles. She's like, that movie doesn't exist. I'm like, what are you talking about? That movie doesn't exist. She's like, yeah, yeah. No, it's a big thing. That's why I asked you. She's like, I just read like it was. You know, it was. It was hot at the time. But how all these people remembered this movie from the early mid nineties where Sinbad was a genie. And apparently that movie does not exist. But there's, like, thousands of people just like me who vividly remember it. And it's very strange. That's a strange thing. And it really shook me for, like, multiple weeks. And I couldn't wrap my head around it, so I just pushed it down with some brown. You know, I just drank my sorrows away. Better not to think about it. Actually.
Speaker A: We'Ve talked about this so many times over the past years.
Speaker B: We've talked this for years.
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, there's. There's more than one of these that we have with you. I can't remember what the other one.
Speaker B: Is right now, but that's the one. That's the real one. That's the official.
Speaker A: Yeah, but the. It's. Is this the Mandela effect? Is that what the official.
Speaker B: Yeah. I get wrapped into these Mandela effects because of. I think of this, but literally every other one I've heard is easily explainable.
Speaker C: I'm pretty sure it's the Marcella effect.
Speaker B: I would say the only other one that's maybe legit is how, like, where the name came from. Apparently, some people remember Nelson Mandela dying earlier than he actually did and, like, the funeral procession and all that stuff. So I don't remember that myself, but apparently a lot of people do. I'm the Sinbad movie guy. But that's out of all of them, that's the only one that, you know, a lot of it is, you know, misrememberings or misspellings. And, you know, it pretty easily explainable, in my opinion.
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, look, if you. So. All right, should we just start? All right. Hello and welcome to the Mint condition. I am bunch you alongside my esteemed colleague and co host. Chamber. Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: I was doing good, and then we started the show for about five minutes. Now I'm really working through some stuff again.
Speaker A: You know, it's weird. I thought I had a co host named Des. Turns out he's not real. And I got you instead.
Speaker B: We've never had a co host named Des. I don't even know what you're talking about.
Speaker A: Oh, my God. That's funny. But I did want to start. Fire up the show because I'm going to start the show with the request for some comments down below in that little purple bubble. If you remember Sinbad as a genie in a movie comment below. It doesn't exist. Covered. It doesn't exist. But Chambers swears he's seen it. The actual movie, I believe, is the Shaq movie. Kazan.
Speaker B: Again, I've gone through this multiple times. I recall. I. I know that movie, too. I'm saying there's two movies. This is a Hollywood thing. When there's, like, a big movie, there's a lot of, like.
Speaker A: Come in twos.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: They come in twos.
Speaker B: I'm just saying it's one of those.
Speaker A: I'm aware of that.
Speaker B: I'm just saying it's one of those.
Speaker A: But it's actually not, though.
Speaker B: But it's actually. Apparently not. Apparently not. There's only two ex. There's only two answers for this. It's either I've shifted timelines in a different dimension, or big Hollywood is covering up a Sinbad movie for some reason.
Speaker A: Do you think that alternate dimension chamber is as big of a piece of shit?
Speaker B: Oh, significantly less of a piece of shit, signif you think so. That guy's a nice. I used to be such a sunshiny boy. You would have. You know, people loved me. And then something happened.
Speaker A: I mean, I love this version. Do you think. Do you think alternative version of Chamber does a podcast?
Speaker B: No, but he probably listens. He's a listener. And he, and he gives five stars all the time.
Speaker A: All right. All right. So we've got, we've got an excellent show today. We've got some special guests we're going to get into just in a minute here. But before we do that, we've got to go through the normal rigmarole here. For one, we've got to help us share out the space. So whether that's a retweet, whether that's a comment below, let's get this room fired up for our awesome guests that we have here today. And if this is the first time you're ever listening to us and coming across us in spaces, I'm sorry. But if you like what you hear and you want to stick around, we do this three times a week, Monday, Wednesday, Friday, 04:00 p.m. eastern as part of the D Gen Network. D gen Network has all of the awesome shows and content that you're looking for. We have so many things going on. Coffee with captain every weekday morning at 08:00 a.m. we've got, gosh, us at four, we've got nft lunch break every day at twelve to one eastern. We've got DSPN, our sports show going on on Tuesdays. We've got alpha afternoons on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 04:00 p.m. all. We got it covered all over the place. So. And then the night shift Mondays and Fridays at 11:00 p.m. eastern. So lots of stuff on the DJ network for you to consume. Chamber. How about do we have our MVP's from last show?
Speaker B: Ah, let me, let me pull that up right now.
Speaker A: Actually, by the way, I'm officially, and I'm officially announcing this right now. We've had three, three different MVP winners, right? We've had Aaron, we've had pain and we had a two x Bundy, correct?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: That is all MVP winners to this date will be receiving a $5 Starbucks gift card courtesy of the mint condition. So hit me up in my, in my DM's on either discord or Twitter and we will get that out to you. So, you know, keep emoting your way to the top, folks. That's it.
Speaker B: So far we have Bundy with 751 laugh emojis. I'm looking at, I'm looking for anything more than that. Couple of pain came in with a valiant showing but came up a little short. I think that's taking, I think Bundy, man, I've been tripping.
Speaker A: Bundy's gonna be between this and Starbucks odyssey. Bundy's gonna have.
Speaker B: Gonna have his own Starbucks.
Speaker A: Literally just gonna be rich off of own. Yeah, he's gonna have his own personal Starbucks franchise. I think so.
Speaker B: T bo showed up real nice.
Speaker A: Oh, he sure did. I'm just looking at.
Speaker B: That's a nice, a nice stat sheet. I don't think it gives him enough. He's got 425 laugh emojis, but nobody with the.
Speaker A: Nobody with the triple trip last time.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: Okay, well, if your first time, if you're a first time listener here, the MVP is given to those who give us the most emojis during the show. Chambers partial to laugh emojis, but all emojis are considered. So if you hate what Chamber says, hit him with a thumbs down. But you still will be considered for the MVP race. So we've got a five dollar Starbucks gift card today going to the, going to the MVP today. And all of our past MVP's will be receiving that as well. We've got a poll to start us off. So our first poll of the day is alternate reality chamber. Better or worse than our current chamber? Your answers are he's an angel or oh, my God, so much worse. Please vote on that above chamber before we get to our guests here. Vicki and JP Kaz have inspired me seeing some things. Yeah. So Vicki asked the other day if we could create. So JP kaz is do we lose it? Yep, that's me. I did not put on do not disturb, so I just got eleven. But yeah. So Vicky has, or JPK has been doing some AI art with mid journey and stuff for quite some time in the war room. Vicki obviously put out her collection not too long ago and asked for channel in the Djen war room, which I created today for her or yesterday for her.
Speaker B: And wow, when you have the clout, Vicky does, you just get channels made for you in the war or in the discord?
Speaker A: Vicki asks. Vicki gets right, and so. But today she put out a. She put out a daily prompt that she or a daily theme for those interested in testing their I AI art muscles in the war room. So today's. Today's prompt, or, sorry. Today's theme was coffee shop is what she put out. So I started to play around with mid journey today, and I've pinned it above, but there are my first couple outputs of my AI art journey chamber. What do you think of those? One is a picture of you having coffee at a coffee shop. Can you guess which one?
Speaker B: I looked at all four of them earlier and I got it now. Is it the one. Is it the one with the grizzly bear?
Speaker A: Yes, the one with the bear.
Speaker B: I was gonna say. I looked at them all. I'm like, I don't remember seeing anybody looking like me.
Speaker A: Yeah, that one looks like you.
Speaker B: That one does look like me. Is the one of, like, the. Is it two punks drinking coffee? Is that what that is? Is that the prompt?
Speaker A: My prompt was something about, like, a cyberpunk dystopian coffee shop, and I don't remember.
Speaker B: I like that one. That one stood up to me.
Speaker A: So, yeah, just my first role. I actually saw our buddy Steve, who's listening down below, posted some of his the other day. His were super good. I was impressed. So I think we're going to have the whole war room becoming artists here in a short time. I actually just finished or was in the middle of right before I came on here watching some YouTube videos on mid journey and learning all about it. So, you know, maybe we'll talk about that in the coming weeks or episodes or whatever, but it's been fun. Like, once you start understanding how it all works and, you know, messing around with it a little bit, it becomes very addicting. So if you can't find me, I'm probably creating terrible AI art somewhere. So. But that's that. So what else is new? What else should we cover before we hit our guests here? We have an awesome group of guests to talk to today. Anything I'm missing before we go there?
Speaker B: I mean, did you know, like, I'm assuming you've heard about all the. Like, I kind of mentioned it earlier with the. I forget. Somebody got hacked.
Speaker A: Nft God? Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: What do you mean some? Nobody? He's a deity?
Speaker B: I didn't know in his name. No. I thought it was pretty presumptuous, but, yeah. I don't take any joy in people.
Speaker A: No, it's the worst. I wouldn't wish. Terrible, terrible. Wish it on you.
Speaker B: Are you sure? I feel maybe just a couple nfts. No, I just felt. I feel like there was a lot of discussion about him today. I felt bad because not only did it lose a bunch of shit, but he generated content for at least 15 hours today, minimum. So that's tough.
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, security is of the utmost importance when you're dealing with self custody, as we all know. It's part of the reason why, you know, adoption curve is going to be slower than maybe expected. It's very much why, you know, we've done things with the Starbucks Odyssey project with, you know, like the Web 2.5 type of interface with custody with the self custody option. Because it's hard, man. It's just hard. It is. You can try to do everything that you're supposed to do and it's like, not even if this person did or not, that's not what we're talking about. But like. And it still happens. It's still hard. And so, you know, I think we should definitely all be empathetic and sympathetic to anyone that this happens to. There's a lot of, you know, what seems like kicking somebody when they're down, which I don't subscribe to. However, you know, I think there's a broader topic there of be careful who your profits are. I think.
Speaker B: Well, we were talking, I was on, I was talking with the guys over on afternoon and I figured what it's called, afternoon FD circles and Bundy show. Yeah, and the NFT. Sorry, I apologize. I'll remember next time.
Speaker A: All I know is they spell it like t t E A.
Speaker B: Follow Bundy and circles is all I have to say. They have a good show. But yeah, we were talking and I think a lot of it, I heard a lot of complaining, a lot of finger pointing, you know, and I mentioned them. Like, I think at the end of the day, you know, personal accountability is what it's all about. So regardless who you're following, whether they have, you know, one hundred K, two hundred K followers or 100 followers, you know, if you choose to listen to them, you chose to listen to them. I mean, that's on you. And.
Speaker A: Yeah, but the problem with that is, like, I get it. But the problem is, you know, there's so many people that come into the space and they're first time users of this technology and they don't know who to follow. And so they look at follower count and they're like, okay, well, at some point, follower count is seen as kind of an endorsement by other people. Right? So, like, there's some, there's, it's a tough, it's a tough. It is.
Speaker B: That's, that's a fair point. That's a fair point. I do still think, like, at the end of the day, like, that's the person you chose to follow. Like, I mean, there's lots of people with lots of followers and, I mean, I follow lots of people with the same amount of followers that that person has and I don't follow that person. So. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yeah, I know. I get it, guys. I'm just saying it's not so. I'm just saying it's not so easy as that.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: Like, if you're the first time, if you're entering NFT crypto Twitter for the first time, you're. You're looking for people that seem to know what they're doing. And a lot of time people.
Speaker B: Well, especially if they're very vocal, if they're very in the way they say, hey, look at all the stuff that I know.
Speaker A: And sometimes the experts, the actual experts are not the ones out there tweeting threads on. Right. You know, anything and everything. And so.
Speaker B: And it did sound. From what I understood, it did sound like the content the guy put out was pretty factual. It's good. I think. I think it was just a case of he didn't listen to what he was preaching, you know, I mean, so he didn't follow his own advice.
Speaker A: Join the fucking club.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker A: So, like, is my. I'm probably not the. You know, it's like, there's probably holes in my game, too.
Speaker B: Oh, there's definitely holes in my game.
Speaker A: Yeah. So anyway, it's a tough. It's a tough thing. Just make sure that you are doing the best to secure your assets and be careful what you're signing and just be super diligent. There's tons of stuff out there that can help, even if you do make mistakes. So we're talking tomorrow on our dj network call about foolproof and how we can potentially, you know, help protect our Djen token holders, even if. So, that way, in case something happens to them, their tokens can be safe or whatever. And, you know, there's stuff like blockchain brit her with. I forget the name of her company, but basically firewalls your. Your wallet. And so in case something happens, you're still safe. Right. So there's some things out there that are easy, low hanging fruits. It's a lot of time procrastination or thinking you know better or thinking it won't happen to you. I'm guilty of that and.
Speaker B: Oh, it definitely will happen to me. Don't worry.
Speaker A: Well, yeah, I mean, you got nothing. You got nothing to take. That's.
Speaker B: I actually got. I actually got robbed, like, a couple years ago, I got robbed and they took, like, laptops. I had to, like, I had to empty out all my wallets. And then like, a couple of months later, one of my wallets was empty that I forgot about that I had. I think I lost, like, I don't know, it wasn't a ton, but it was. I mean, it was enough. It was like five or six eth, that was in a wallet. That was a lot. Yeah. It was not nothing. And at the time was probably if.
Speaker A: Someone took that out of your wallet, you'd be pissed.
Speaker B: I would. Out of my actual wallet. Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. That's what I mean.
Speaker B: Sure.
Speaker A: That's a lot of money. Anyway, all right, let's, before we get to our guests here and switch topics a little bit because I think we have a lot of cool stuff to talk about. But I think you're right. You have to, you know, cover that thing. Right. You got to cover that. But let's go to Suarez first. He's got his hand up.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: I wasn't going to talk about the security. I just want to defend my, my position from Monday show.
Speaker A: Oh, my God. There's no way Chamber even remembers what it's about. Do you even know what, he's zero.
Speaker D: I know, I know. So I was going to refresh his memory and it'll come back really quick. So as soon as I say, he'll know exactly what he was talking about.
Speaker A: Because his, but this is my point. My point is this is how you impact people. Chamber. You have no idea what he's about to say. I do.
Speaker B: Zero clue. How do you guys know?
Speaker D: So anyway, I couldn't come up, but I'm here now. I'll take my quick, my quick, my quick point. So the six hour Ed Sheeran, that's a spot one. And you said you call your wife best friend versus the wife. So I did actually write the wife, which is fine. I'm fine with it. But this is why I don't like to call my wife best friend. Actually, like early on when we first got engaged, we were married five years together, ten years. But I actually, I didn't tell her in the beginning. Maybe I took like two years before I was like, I really hate when people call each other best friends because I've never, well, once you hook up with your best friend, it's no longer that relationship. But, like, if you think about it, if you decide, like, your wife's truly your best friend, in my framework, like, you care that they like you and, and you care about their feelings more so than the truth. So in like, a friendship, you're caring more about what they think about you versus who you truly are. So you're trying to always keep them happy to. And so much of like, a relationship between spouses is not about keeping them happy, you know, giving them that tough love or support. And so much of it is about building than you making sure that they're.
Speaker B: Just happy I like it.
Speaker D: That's my point.
Speaker B: Okay. All right.
Speaker A: Okay, I will. The only thing here, chamber, is I think your overall arching point was the actual. The preposition the versus my.
Speaker B: Correct.
Speaker A: Yes, correct. That's your overarching point, I think.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: First of all, I take offense that you can't fool around with your best friend. Because I did tons of hands.
Speaker A: Yeah, me and Chamber hook up all the time.
Speaker B: All the time. Throw that right out the window. And secondly, I would say. I mean, in my. The way I see best friend is not somebody that you care what they think about you. I think that's like a lower tier of friend. I think best friend, you can be the asshole you are all the time and they still like you. You know what I mean? So, I mean, it depends what your definition of friend is.
Speaker A: I guess I'm just saying, chamber, this is how much your comments affect people. That Suarez. Suarez literally held this over. Suarez held this over the weekend and came back on Monday just to. Just to try to clear his name. And you forgot. And you're just like going around your day not even knowing that you affected this man's life all weekend.
Speaker B: I appreciate. I appreciate the clarification, Suarez. That is a fair, fair rebuttal.
Speaker A: There's a. There's a lot of comments about this Sinbad thing. We can get into that later in the show. But I. Chamber, I would have encourage you go through and read some of the comments. Because I think you're. I think a lot of people are on your side here, which is interesting. So. But let's switch gears a little bit and get into talking lost miners and block packs. I think there's a lot of cool stuff going on here. Frenchie, welcome to the show. As someone who's never been here before, we appreciate you taking some time out to come talk to us and also apologize for everything you've heard thus far.
Speaker C: Man, I'll tell you what. I am just sitting here and I'm still shooketh over that whole Sinbad thing. I would have lost a significant amount of money if someone would have just stopped me and said, hey, I bet you a $1,000 sin bad never made a movie where he was a genie. I would have said, okay, bet. I mean, I was totally Mandela on that. Like, it's crazy, but.
Speaker B: It is crazy.
Speaker C: Yeah. No, I'm glad to be here. I'm. I bought a djinn pass a number of weeks back. After a space. I haven't been able to get into the discord yet. And really engage, but excited for you guys to have us on. And I definitely, I look forward to kind of getting to know a number of people better over the, over the year to come, but I'm just a little bit behind on that out.
Speaker A: I did not realize that so you, so let's just put it out there that you were not a, this interview is not happening because you are dJing, Holder. It is totally different. It is totally unconnected, but very welcoming to hear. So we're pumped for you to actually come in, uh, to the discord, hang out with us, uh, you it, I have a feeling it might be right up your alley. Based on what I'm seeing here from both lost miners and block packs, there's a lot of, uh, cool stuff that goes on, especially around, um, sports, which we'll get into in a little bit here. And, uh, but I'm super excited to have you. Um, I'd love to start just by hearing a little bit about your origin story because I think, you know, having, you know, your hands in both block packs and lost miners there, there's like a really interesting kind of juxtaposition of what those things are. So I'd love to hear just your, how you've gotten to Web three, where you came from, all that cool stuff.
Speaker C: Yeah. So I could try to keep this part kind of brief because I feel like it makes a whole lot of sense when you really stop and look at it. The I've had so I've been an entrepreneur since right out of college. I worked three years at PricewaterhouseCoopers in consulting and then immediately did a raise. In late 2000, I was with Netbank for a bit. First Internet only bank, and then since then I've never had a boss again, been on my own. Had some success in Web one, some success in web two, have a few ad tech patents that are out there, built an agency business, and really kind of got to the stage in my career where I could. I had the resources to do something that was a little bit more of a passion project. By that time, I had already found my way into web three. I was holding crypto punks, I had bored apes, those type of things. I was really excited about the space. And what drew me in really was once I fully understood asset ownership and digital asset ownership, I knew beyond a shadow of a doubt. As soon as I realized it and understood it, I knew that it would become a thing as it relates to collectibles. And why did I know that? Because I've been a collector my entire life. Like going all the way back to when I was literally just a little kid. And I. I've my collections over time. I started out very humble means, didn't have anything of any value, but I just enjoyed collecting, I enjoyed trading. It was just something that was in me. I never really left it. I was a product of the nineties sports card boom. So I was there for that and the big overproduction. And most people, once they realized how much had been produced, we went through that junk wax era. A lot of people left sports cards in the space, kind of went through this long bear market, dark ages type thing, but I never left. I was always collecting all the way through that. And as I began to have some financial success and success in business, I expanded out beyond that, started collecting other things, memorabilia, started moving a little higher up the ladder as it related to my card collection and that sort of thing. And just, I definitely kind of reached a pretty high level in physical asset collecting during the big boom. That was sparked by Covid and the money printer. Realizing kind of where we were and where we had gone. I sold a number of record breaking collectibles, have those tombstones, very proud of them. And I'm proud because I got in early, had conviction on those things. I didn't expect them to blow up, maybe quite to the level they did. But I had a solid thesis coming in. So I was a collector. And then as I got into web three, I said, look, I know that digital asset collecting is going to be a thing. So I came into web three with the mission that I wanted to create rewarding digital collectibles. Our mission statement is, we want to create rewarding digital collectible experiences. And in doing that, one of the things that we've had to really focus on is I don't. I've never gotten in with the idea of the flipping culture. Not that I'm opposed to it, not that I have a problem with degenering. I do a little bit of it myself at a very low level. I'll throw some here and there when I see something that I think might be fun to degenerate a little bit on. But that's like literally 1% of what I focus on. The other 99% is I'm trying to find assets that I want to hold for a long time until the value reaches a point to where it almost gets pried out of my hand. And that's kind of the way that I've always collected. And that's the type of things that I wanted to build in this coming into the space. We created block packs, which is a onboarding and distribution platform. And we didn't come in and try to make some immediate mint and launch it because I didn't think that we necessarily had collectibles yet. We didn't have a foundation and a base to where we could launch collectibles that I felt could stand up to my own thesis of what I wanted to collect. So what we did is we created onboarding experiences, and we turned real physical assets into tokenized nfts. That's going to be ubiquitous soon enough. Put the real asset in a vault, turn it into an NFT. Whoever owns the NFT owns the asset. You can redeem it anywhere in the world. Then we started building games around that to bring real collectors in and allow them to experience all the web. Three tools. Learn how to use a wallet, get accustomed to paying with ETH, play some games, all the wallet security, all the things. And at the end of that, they could take, they could, they had really good chances to win either part of or all of real physical cards. And that's been really successful for us as an onboarding channel to bring in people. Now, as we're doing all of that, I've constantly been working and thinking about my mission, which is to create the warding, rewarding collectible experiences, things that you're going to want to collect and you're going to want to pass down to your kids. There's a couple different ways you can do that. One, you can license some things and maybe create some really cool stuff. You can build your own franchises and expand them to a level that someone would want to own them. Think Pokemon magic, the gathering, that sort of thing. Or you could try to build something. You could try to have get access to something that's just inherently collectible, literally for what it is. And when I got to that, we're working on that, on several prongs of that. We're working on things. We're licensing working on licensing things. We're working on franchise development things. And we also were always looking for things that we could create that would have any sort of historical significance or provenance to them. We were looking at the calendar. We knew the merge was going to happen. We knew what the merge was going to mean. We knew that it was going to change the narrative for ethereum. It was going to make it greener. It was going to remove a major headwind. It was going to give it a significant competitive edge that it could have in its narrative against the big brand winner bitcoin. And not only that, it was also going to lower the issuance rate to such a level that the financial impacts of it, if the blockchain and crypto as a whole are successful, the merge was going to be this thing that would never be forgotten. And so we set out to say, there's going to be a last block that gets mined under proof of stake. There's going to be a first block that gets mined under proof. Excuse me, last mine. Under proof of work, mine the mining, the mining age. There's going to be a last one. There's going to be a last collection that gets mined. There's going to be last tokens to get mined. Then on the other side, you're going to have proof of stake, and you're going to have that first proof of stake block, and you're going to have the first over there as well. And so we set out, can we put collections, originate collections, to be the final of the mining age, and then can we be the first of the, of the modern era under proof of stake? And we have a white paper. I'll spare everybody the technicals on that because I tend to lose people. But for anybody that's remotely geeked out on this kind of stuff, it's a really good read, because it tells you how the engineers timed the merge. It wasn't set to a specific block, it wasn't set to a specific time. It was set to a specific total difficulty of all the hashes. Incredibly complex to estimate it. That's why even on the day of the merge, if you were looking at when it was going to happen, the estimates from the Ethereum foundation, from ultrasound money, different places, people that were running it on their own, there was six to 8 hours difference in those estimates. And we had to be precise to the millisecond. And that's all documented in the white paper of how our engineers achieved that. We successfully deployed the final collection. No other contract was deployed after it. We instantly minted all 10,000 of the tokens, instantly staked them into the contract, and there they were, sitting, waiting for their first owners on the other side. So this collection never touched proof of stake. It is the final bookend for the mining age of Ethereum. And the narrative really fell together then to create the collection itself, to bring the collectibles to life around mining, the end of the mining age. And so we went, worked with a fine artist. We didn't get a week. We could have gotten a web three artist, you know, somebody was already in the space. We went with a fine artist. He owns his own gallery, actually a second generation gallery. He's been displayed internationally. He focuses on sculpting. And we worked with him to bring together the pixel art that you see in the collection and challenged him to, in a 24 by 24 form factor, to deliver a level of depth that is abstract when looked at in the large form and almost photorealistic when you zoom it down. And all of that came together, every bit of it, from the technical execution to the art, engaging the community. We let the community have so much input in the art process. We weren't afraid to show them the art because the tokens were already secured. The provenance was there, it was immutable. We weren't afraid that someone was going to steal the art and front run the collection because they didn't have the tokens without the art, without the tokens was of no value to them. So really in the open all the way through, and it just came together, man. And this is definitely a collection. It's our legacy collection. I don't know that we'll ever be able to find a significant event like this purely from a technical standpoint, because if you look at the calendar of what's coming on Ethereum, this was it. I mean, this was the big one, and it really bifurcated the chain into these two eras. And I'm super excited about it. And it was. It meets my thesis. I'm excited to put my name on it as a legacy thing with, with the others that. The others on the team and, yeah, here we are. So that's the origin story kind of to why. Why the miners exist, why we went down that road and. And kind of what. What all happened in a nutshell.
Speaker A: Holy moly. That was. I mean, a ton, a ton to unpack there. But it's so awesome and inspiring to hear you talk about it from a couple different. A couple different aspects. I mean, one, obviously your passion is super awesome, and two, I, like you shared this thesis around collectability, and I. It's funny, I came from a physical collecting kind of background prior to web three myself. I actually in, during COVID I ran. I started and ran a sports card breaking business, and that was really fun. So I have my fair share of cool collectibles, so I totally understand, like, the collector mindset. And so I love what you're doing with both projects here. And I did post a poll up at the top. Mackie posted a poll here. And I want to know. Cause I truly believe in this collectability thesis that you talk about. And I'm wondering if other people do as well. And so the poll up top, what is more important to the future of nfTs? Is it collectability and utility or is it earning money, financialization without actually having to flip these? And I'm curious to hear what people say because I am firmly in the collectibility camp. I actually think that what we're actually doing here, when we look back on this in 10, 20, 30 years, is actually creating this new category of collectible. And when you think about, it's funny, frenchie, when I, you know, coming from like a sports card collecting background and things like that, when you listen to content that's being created around that stuff now, you, what do you hear them talk about? You hear them talk about vintage, you hear them talk about stuff from the fifties and twenties and thirties and even modern stuff, but more, but more so is like vintage. And when you think of like, okay, well, what are nFts as a collectible and what will they be in 30 years? The stuff that's coming out now around these stories and being first and, you know, having an actual narrative around them are things that will actually hold collectibility 20 years from now. And I think we'll look back and say, oh, it was so damn obvious, but we're too close to it sometimes. So I'd love for you to just dive in a little further on, like your thesis around collectability before we get into actually like, the technical stuff around what you did with lost miners. Cause I think it's super cool.
Speaker C: Yeah. So the. I agree with you that that's definitely what we saw during COVID during the money printer in, just like we did in nfts. We saw a very speculative bubble on the sports collectibles market. And a lot of the stuff that pumped was the stuff that new entrants into the space understood, which was the more modern players. And what they did that was a critical mistake, is that they looked at PSA tens for, which is, for those who may not know, it's just a grading company that grades the cards. And generally, if you're a collector, you want the highest grade you can get that you could have this within your budget and range. The PSA ten s for the big rookies of years past and some not even that far in the past, had certain values. And then they began ascribing those values to the more modern players. And what they didn't consider was some of the same stuff that didn't get considered in the nineties, which was the supply. And that led a lot of people to buy good players in high production cards where the pop reports just hadn't caught up, and a lot of people just got absolutely obliterated. And then we did see a backwards cycle in that, where a lot of the new stuff, when it really started pumping that, then started pumping the older stuff in an irrational way. Some of the high production KoBE BRYant rookie cards got, you know, high population ones got way higher than they should. And if you were in that space and you had been there for a while, it was very obvious. We all knew it. Like, we knew that it was just a bubble. And that's my. That's why my collection. I kept, like, things that I just couldn't replace or things that I just had this massive emotional connection to. But during that spit, that time, I liquidated over 80% of my total collection. And not that I was just super smart. There were other people doing the same thing. It's just that you had a group of people who had all the knowledge and had been in the space for a long time, and then you had this massive influx that hit it once. And all those newcomers, they just didn't have the same level of insight and information. And I think that's an advantage that a lot of people that are on this podcast that have been around for a year because this space is new. You don't have to have been here forever. You've seen at least kind of one cycle. You've seen the rush to safety that happened. You've seen the rush to certain narratives. And I think if you take that information and really put it to work in your thesis, it can make you much more successful if. If and when we pump again and. And through future cycles that come.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's super. I think that's a really interesting point there. And it's funny. I tweeted, or I pinned a tweet to the top that I tweeted back in, like, maybe at Thanksgiving dinner, looking at the date like web three collectability formula. And I think you have a lot of these things here with lost miners. And when I'm thinking about what makes something collectible in the future, it's scarcity, right? We just talked about. And that's kind of one of the downfalls of the physical. Like, sports card industry is like, you know, if you don't know how to look at a pop report, like you just said, it's. It's really difficult. And there, you know, sometimes these companies are. The card companies who are out to make money are like a printing press, right? And they just want you to buy. Yeah, buy cards. Right. And so scarcity, which I think is really cool that you can see it's very transparent way on the blockchain with these collection sizes story. Right. Like history and lore. And I think, you know, when you talk about what's the story behind something like lost miners being the last collection ever minted, on the proof of work side, that's really compelling community. And then obviously time and I would stop there for like, normal collectibles, like a physical collectible. And then in web three, you add utility and there's something really interesting and fun you can do with that in a web three native space that you can't do with a physical collectible. So that's been my thought process on how. And it's funny, I've changed my collecting style since I've been in here because I came into the space, as you know, I obviously wanted to make money because there was money to be made. But when I really, like, reflect on it now and how I act going forward, it's with this thesis of collectability and what is going to be potentially around long term. So totally, totally in alignment with you there, Chamber. What's your thoughts so far on lost miners and blockbacks and everything going on here?
Speaker B: So I had listened to a space that you guys put on Frenchie. It was just a quick one. I think it was like 2025 minutes. And I was just very impressed with the team and just the way you can just tell, we've talked to so many people over the years and you get a vibe for people I mentioned in our group chat, I'm like, oh, this guy knows what's up. I didn't fully grow grasp what the lost miners were and hearing that aspect of it being, you know, the last, you know, you know, the last transaction on proof of stake is, is blowing my mind. Proof of work or pardon me? Pardon me, proof of work. It blows my mind. It's so, you know, knowing bunch as long as I have and his love of, you know, collectibles. And it really changed the way I saw things as well.
Speaker A: I bought one while we were talking.
Speaker B: Amazing. It really, it really kind of makes me look at, you know, new look, makes me look at things a little bit differently when it comes to longevity and collectability of, of all of this. Right. And I think I'm just super impressed.
Speaker A: Well, you're an interesting, you're an interesting cat here, chamber, because I feel like you've had to come full circle on this idea, right? Like you were a crypto guy who was not necessarily a collectibles person who, for better or worse, I basically forced into the NFT space by saying, hey, we're not doing that podcast anymore. We're doing this one and come along for the ride. And the, but I feel like your one perception of nfts has changed drastically since we first started. And two, I think even so, from when we first started our NFT journey to now, I think you kind of respect that collectability aspect of it a little more than you did prior, is for sure.
Speaker B: But I, I would say, like, I still want to make money on nfts. And of course, you know, there, there is definitely an aspect, but there's, I.
Speaker A: Mean, collectibles are a very profitable, what.
Speaker B: I'm, yeah, what I'm saying correctly, what I'm saying is I'm more interested almost in, like, obviously the, the collectability aspect of nfts, but just collectibles in general now, I'm, I find I'm looking at more so just even physical collectibles and just looking at what could be more fun. They are more fun and looking at what could be collectible in the future. You know what I mean? And with NFT specifically, like, I was at an antique store over the weekend with the fam, we do that once in a while. And there was some things that were, is it PSA grade?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: So there were some eights and nines in there. And I was like, oh, this is cool. I know what this is now. And I was explaining it to, my dad was with me. He's like, oh, what's all this mean? And I'm like, oh, well, my buddy's into it, and that's a very high number.
Speaker A: You're starting to sound like you know what you're talking about.
Speaker B: Yeah, I definitely made it seem like I knew what I was talking about, but it made me think of nfts in the sense that, you know, we saw these toys that were out and they were, you know, they weren't in their original packaging. And, you know, some people think, I think normies think that like, oh, let's pull out your old toys. They're probably worth a fortune now, and they don't fully understand they need to be in a certain, you know, ideally in a certain condition, ideally in, in the original packaging and nfts because you'll never, you know, hurt them or they don't deteriorate. There's a really cool, I think down the road there's going to be some, like, treasures found at a higher clip than they are now. Like, you know, you hear those, you know. You know, what's the, who's the violin maker where, you know, some people find, oh, I found this violin from, like, you know, 1820 and it's worth $5.3.
Speaker A: Million Chester violin, I think, this year.
Speaker B: But, like, some people may find like, bored apes or punks in like, old hardware or, like, in old hard drives or something like that. You know what I mean? Or, like, the keys to one where it'll still be in perfect condition. Exactly.
Speaker A: No, different. Some might call it a mint condition.
Speaker B: Some people.
Speaker A: I mean, that one was just sitting there, right, for you. How did you not even have in a perfect condition?
Speaker B: Gosh, if only somebody made a podcast named that.
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Welcome to the Perfect Condition podcast. I'm your host, Bunch. You and my, my totally aloof co host chamber. But no, 100%. And I think, I mean, you're right. We already see it a little bit with some of these kind of historic quote, air quotes, nfts that have popped up and, but, like, I. And they have value. And it's interesting to see what historic is qualified now, which is like 2017, 2018. But over a long enough time span, all this little era here that we're in this initial five year era will probably be considered the birth of nfts and collectability on chain. So I think it's really interesting. I do want to throw down to carafine because, and welcome her to the stage as well, and just ask if there's anything that we haven't covered so far that you want to make sure that we touch on before we keep going any further. So, Carafine, welcome.
Speaker E: Hey, thank you so much. Can you guys hear me?
Speaker B: Perfect.
Speaker E: Awesome. Well, first of all, thank you guys for having us. I'm super excited. And it's, it's always hard to think of something that Frenchie hasn't covered because I feel like he does a pretty solid job explaining all of it. I think, if anything, I would love, you know, I feel like you've kind of touched on his collector thesis personally, but I would love to have him expand a little bit on his collector thesis around the lost miners and what he thinks about that collection and its future.
Speaker A: Frenchie, have at it.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: So, I mean, the, we literally have a page in the, in that white paper. If you go to the collection on Opensea, there's that white paper there and it's got the, the thesis there and it's got everything around the, the blocks and all that stuff. I won't go back and get all that. But it's all that's right there and you can read it. But one of the things that I think is that makes the lost miners particularly interesting as a. As a historical collection is that there's. I always want to be careful because I'm very respectful of what other people collect. And just because maybe my thesis doesn't quite align, I don't ever want to be. This goes back into real world collecting. Like, I don't want to tell anybody their baby's ugly. Right? But sometimes you have to kind of differentiate things a little bit and you have. And you may kind of edge into that. So I hope no one will take offense at me kind of trying to explain this difference when we talk about the era and how big it is. I personally think that going back the entire space has adopted crypto punks as kind of the big watershed moment for nfts. Every marketplace will do all the customization that needs to be done to get the crypto punks on there, even though they're not ERC 721 SDE very little. Outside of that, anything else has to be put into a wrapper or whatever the case may be. When you have narratives and you have things that come together, standardizations and that sort of thing are uber, uber important. And the ERC 721 standard, really and truly, I know I love and get geeked out on all the early stuff because that's the stuff that paved the way. And we have that in sports cards, too. There are things that PSA won't grade that are old. There are things that other grading companies won't touch. And there's very passionate collector communities around those things that are small and niche. But then you get into the era where PSA would collect it, work, grade it, give us uniformity, and now we have a standard. That's where things are really able to explode. And then the narrative around them being such that it's cleanly and clearly differentiated. The 52 Mickey mantle tops, that is the holy grail card even more than the honest wagoner. We just haven't seen a PSA ten sell. But that card, a lot of it is because of its narrative, because they produced so many of them and dumped them in the Hudson river. And that made it scarce. And it took the narrative. Even though there's a 51 Bowman, that would be his technical rookie. It's a horizontal card. Even though the 52 Bowman vertical is a great card. The 52 had the narrative. It had the standardization that came with PSA being willing to grade it all those things kind of came together. And if you don't, if you're missing any one of those things, it really makes it hard to kind of have super mainstream adoption. And all of the people that are going to come along and understand nfts, especially as it relates to ethereum based, whether they're on layer twos, roll ups in the future, whatever, there's still going to be this, I think, core understanding that will permeate more and more and more about what makes that digital provenance and for us to be bookended into the standardization of what they are. I think all of that along with that historical provenance is all that really comes together to form that nice, strong collector's thesis. And the other thing is that we're not putting any external dependencies on them. We wanted to reward the people that claimed them and worked with us. So we gave them two, we announced two things when we did the claim. Everybody that's in, we're working to get them into that proof first, proof of stake. We've got a whole bunch of information that we're going to be rolling out in discord about how all that's going to work and try to get the miners to where they can participate in that. And then also we're going to have our community token drop. We don't need to go down that rabbit hole. But that's, but we wanted to reward the miners with that. But we've said, that's it. That's it. There's no other win, airdrop, wind, utility, nothing else. It's very important to me that this collection stands on its own. Like the crypto punks. It's a legacy collection. It has no external dependencies, it has no royalties. So the reason we did that wasn't because we hate money. We did it because a royalty is an external dependency. Because what happens is if you'll have by, you'll have fishers in your community between people that pay the royalty and those that don't. And if you're a utility NFT, and you could take away someone's ape fest ticket, you can do something about that. But if you're a true collectible, you can't. And that is not an external dependency that we wanted to have on the collection. And so anyway, we've stripped all that away. And to Caroline's point, we've done everything we can to make sure that if a meteor lands on our office, that this collection still stands with the type of provenance that can make it meaningful for hundreds, thousands of years. And I think it's got a great story. It's got great standardization. It checks all the boxes.
Speaker A: I think that's awesome. And I totally agree with you around. If you believe that the last collection to be mined on proof of work is a collectible story, then it doesn't need any external dependencies, as you, as you say. Right. Like, there's, there's something to stand alone on its own. Right. It has that narrative. I think that's super cool. And I think, you know, like, the problem with, you know, most other collections is they, they don't have that standalone. Like, the thing here was the foresight and planning to be that last collection. It's, it wasn't an accident. Right? So, like, you'll have that lore built into yourselves forever, which I think is super cool. So, like, there was nothing accidental about this. And it's very, very clear. Like, somebody could have at some point been, you know, without you guys being there, accidentally been the last collection to ever be. But. And would that have had the same collectible value? If you think that that event is collectible, then yes. But, you know, showing that the thoughtfulness and foresight that you guys had here is super cool. So I love that thesis. I actually, like I said, I hadn't known about the lost miners prior to having you guys on, and I bought one.
Speaker B: I just got one, too.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's like, it's right on my alley if it's everything that I want to hold in my wallet here. So I'm definitely, I got a sick one.
Speaker B: I got, I got one with, like, fire skit. I thought it was laser eyes, but it's fire skin.
Speaker A: I wanted one with that, like, blue or purple beard, but I ended up grabbing the one that was near the floor. But the, it's funny, I, like, I was, I was looking at them this morning before the show, and they were, they were like, you know, 20% less expensive than when I just bought, but that's awesome. So I'm super, super excited to hear about this. I love what you guys are doing. We have a couple minutes left here. I did want to go down to Matt because Matt had his hand up before. I just want to make sure we cover everything before we got to questions or comments. So, Matt, welcome.
Speaker F: Hey, guys. Thanks for having me. First time listener. You know, I follow frenchie around when.
Speaker C: He'S doing these, so it's always cool.
Speaker F: To pick up on new shows, new, new podcasts, whatever spaces. I wanted to touch on one thing. You guys were talking kind of before Frenchie came on about, you know, security and all the different news that happened over the last, you know, few days, week or so. One of the things I think that's new to what you guys were talking about as far as who should follow who and who's the source and who's got all the, you know, accurate information. What do you guys think now about, you know, almost everybody being able to have a blue check mark on Twitter? Because I think that was something a year ago or five years ago people would look for to find accurate sources and people that were, you know, higher up and could be trusted more. So I'd love to hear about that. And then I wanted to just touch on one thing, you know, that Jeff was mentioning about, you know, his personal collection and, you know, just the feeling of an attachment to a card. I think we're so early in this, this, you know, blockchain space with the, with the physical collectibles and stuff being there. I remember back, you know, being in card shops as a kid, you know, 7th, 8th grade, opening up a pack of, you know, flir 93 90, flir ultra 93 94 basketball cards and pulling, like, you know, Michael Jordan famous nickname set. So I remember those times. I can remember the smell of the cards, you know, the music at the time, all that kind of stuff. I can't wait till we're having those conversations in four or five years, like, you know, remembering where we were at with some of these first collectibles. And one last thing. Sorry, I think I. Block packs and Frenchie as a whole, they don't take enough credit for how many people they've onboarded into the space where blockpack stuff was the first thing they put in their wallets that have now expanded collections. And you look at some of these guys wallets, they got 500, 700 things in there. So love to hear them. Take a little more credit for that sometimes. Thanks.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's awesome. Thanks for the comments. I will say the comment about, like, you know, feeling, remembering the feeling when you bought a card or when you first pulled something or remembering the smell, I always think about that and I'm wondering what that's going to be for nfts. And to me, the thing I can think of now is the feeling of minting because it's usually such an event. We talk all the time in the DJ network war room or just on DJ network shows and stuff about when the DJ network war room was really born and it was like the Jenkins, the valet Mint. And like, we'll always remember where we were or like the other side, mint. When we were all out helping each other out with gas costs and things like that. And so I think those feelings of the event behind either a reveal or a mint or things like that are those moments that you might remember with nfts in the future. I think that's really fun to think about. And, but the chamber, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the check mark because I saw you come off mute immediately, and I'm like, I got some thoughts on this.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, the check mark is. It's a joke. I mean, now there's the golden check mark for those that are actually very, like, you know, I mean, Twitter verified, I don't know what we're calling it, but gold check mark and blue check mark. Blue check mark is a joke. I have one because I'm a sucker for jokester. Because I am a jokester. You know, I thought about getting rid of it. I'm like, oh, well, there are certain things that I do like about it. I do like Twitter blues. Like, I like the ability to edit my tweets because I make a lot of grammatical errors when I tweet.
Speaker A: So that is, you also hate being wrong, so.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, hate being wrong. There's certain things that I like about just, I don't mind paying for some of the Twitter services, but, yeah, but.
Speaker A: What about the, what about the point of, like, don't follow because they have a blue check? Well, right. This is a new thing. So, like, they. Well, but, but even before, like, the old, the old system had, the old system, you had essentially gated verification by the powers that be at Twitter. Right? So. So they were looked at as, you know, for good or for bad as a source of trust. Right. So I think that I'm trying to.
Speaker B: Think of, like, did we have, like, in the crypto space, in, you know, Nft space prior to, you know, our ability to purchase our own check mark?
Speaker A: There were very few, I was gonna.
Speaker B: Say, I don't remember a lot of them.
Speaker A: Well, the ones that were, were typically doxxed and published or verified by their businesses or things that they were doing there. Right. So, like, those were the verification requirements. You had to be aware of the requirements either written about or whatever, or, you know, an official work for a verified company or something like that. And so there was some level of, I guess, trust behind that check mark. Right. So. And they were also typically doxxed people. Right. There wasn't a ton of a non verified folks, but so, you know, so there was a trust that could be potentially placed on them. And now it's like, it goes to my point earlier about not knowing necessarily who to follow if you're new, because there is, it's, it's. Do they have a blue check and. Well, everybody does. And so what's next? Okay, what kind of content do they put out? Okay. They put out good threads. They have a lot of followers. Okay, that's the source.
Speaker B: I've lost more money to verified checkers anyways. Like trying to think is prank. See verified or was he probably.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker B: Yeah, I lost a lot of money to prank.
Speaker A: How many picker rooms you hold?
Speaker B: So many picker rooms. Eths and eth's worth.
Speaker A: All right, well, we've got. I appreciate that comment, Matt. Thanks for joining us. And if anybody else out there is first time listening, we run this space back every Monday, Wednesday, Friday at four to five eastern time. We also put every single one out as a podcast. Anywhere that you listen to podcasts, just check out the mint condition or search dj network for, for all of our awesome content if you are interested. If you're an early bird, I pinned Captain Zwingli's tweet to the top about his spaces tomorrow. That runs Monday through Friday at 08:00 a.m. eastern. Awesome spaces. It is super. Just maybe, I think the best morning show that's out there. So kudos to those guys. Give them a shout if you haven't. And lastly here, before we get out of here, uh, Frenchie, I, I guess maybe carefine, too. Um, I want to know what is the, what is the best thing in your physical, what is your favorite thing in your physical collection that you currently have?
Speaker C: Uh, for me personally, um, it would be either I have a few Jackie Robinson items, um, and, uh, in pretty excited on, on those. I have a, I have a Jackie bat and I have a jack, I have some Jackie game use balls. Also have an autograph from his nice rookie year, but his 47 world series year, mvp year. I have, I also have one of Tom Brady's touchdown balls. So that's really cool. And then the car and then the cards. Or when I say touchdown, super bowl touchdown. Sorry, not just a touchdown ball. Super bowl touchdown. And then, because most of the receivers are the ones that have those. And then on. And then as far as my cards go, the 52 by 52 mantles. I'm a big Tiger woods fan. I'm a big fan of his, his sports illustrated for kids card. So I'm actually PC grill one.
Speaker A: That one, that one's hard to find in a good condition.
Speaker C: That's because I got a lot of them locked away.
Speaker A: Yeah, that one. That one's real hard to find in a good condition because those were the ones that have, like, the perforated edges, right?
Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah. I got those in BGs tens and Psa tens. And those, those are ones that I didn't come off of even when we pumped. I just, I held onto those because I still don't, I still think they're grossly undervalued for what they are. One, one quick things, before we wrap up, we do have one of our ongoing gamified drops going on, and Caroline can post a link to that. I'll say this, if anyone's listening, we always love to get people in these. You basically, you pay for a box, you pay $100, you get 20 infinite moment nfts. Those, then for every one of those you hold from that set, in about, in a week or so after the rip, you get what are called razz packs, and they're actually sweepstakes entries to win cards, and you get to rip them again out of packs. And you may hit an instant win and immediately hit something that's worth 20 grand. It costs $5 per pack to play it, and I would recommend playing with a box or two. If anyone on this space, if you want to just give it a shot, go buy up to two boxes. If you don't like it when it's over, if you. If you send me a message and say, jeff, I feel that was not worth my money and I want my money back, I will give you your damn money back. I've made that. I've made that. I've made that guarantee a bunch on some spaces and stuff, and I've had one person take it ever so that, so, and we've done it on other drops. And so it's one of those things where the best way to experience it or the best way to learn it is just to do it. It's like sitting down to play a board game instead of trying to read the damn rule sheet. Just play the game and you'll, you play one round and you know it. And that's kind of the way this works. And so we'd love to have you in our discord's fun. It's. If you don't have any time, no spare time, and your, your life is full of activity and action, then it may not be for you, because it does take a little bit of time to play that side of our house. But, but if you want something fun in web three and kind of really have a shot to walk away with something really cool, not get wrecked in the process, the block packs drops are a great way to do that.
Speaker A: You'll enjoy this story. Then. As we wrap up, the coolest thing that I have in my physical collection is a Babe Ruth autographed baseball that I actually won off of a Facebook Raz group.
Speaker B: Nice.
Speaker A: And I entered a one spot like mini for $180 during COVID and I won the mini and I one spotted the main raffle and won that Babe Ruth signed baseball and met some dude at a rest stop in Pittsburgh to pick it up. And so that's the coolest thing I have in my collection, but I won it Raz slash raffle style like that, so I'm fully on board to get a rasp.
Speaker C: That's awesome. That's awesome, man. And we've done. We've made it. You know, obviously, the. Everybody does it. It's not. No, I don't think anybody's going to jail for those razz games they're all playing, but they're. They're technically not legal under us lottery laws. And we. We make it a sweepstakes. So if.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's cool.
Speaker C: And so it's. But it still gives you that same adrenaline rush. And you have the infinite moment collectibles you can set, build, and that helps you get more of our token, which you can use the token to buy real physical cards. We've kind of closed the loop on a lot of stuff, and. But anyway, people want to just give our ecosystem a try. If you just want to, if you want passive and you just want to be in and you think you buy a miner, put in your wallet, you don't ever have to step foot in discord, do it. You know, go your own way if you want to roll up your sleeves and see what all we're doing, a drop is a great way to get a taste of the rest of the ecosystem.
Speaker A: Very cool. This was awesome. I'm super pumped that we had you guys on a, very excited on what you're building, very excited on lost miners and block packs as well. So, Frenchie, Caroline, thank you very much for joining us today. Matt, thanks for your comment chamber. Anything before we get out of here?
Speaker B: Uh, no, no. I think this is really good. Um, I'm definitely gonna check out these, uh, these packs. Uh, I'm just admiring my fire skin miner. And, uh, yeah, I just. Just happy to know these fine people that we've met today that we've been formally introduced to smart, intelligent people. Surround yourself with smart people. That's the key to this. This is how you win.
Speaker A: It's a good takeaway for the day. A good takeaway for the day. Next time, on main condition. When we have our betting lines back, when we have our prop bets back from Des, one of them will definitely be, does captain end up with a block packs? I would say -1000 yes. Because it sounds right up his, his djen alley. I would bet. I would bet money he gets a block brass pack. So that is going to do it for us. Thank you, everyone, for coming today. Thank you, Frenchie. Thank you, Caroline. Thank you, lost miners and blockbacks. And until next time, stay mint. It.
