Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the mid condition. I am bunchu, alongside my estate esteemed colleagues and co hosts, chamber and Des Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: Doing pretty good, man. Getting excited. I just had a conversation with my daughter just before hopping on here in the war room. They were talking about, like, a.
Speaker A: Your daughter's in the.
Speaker B: No, she's going to be, because they were talking about doing some sort of, like, fortnite stuff in the war room. And I think, I'm just gonna have my daughter play for me. And I said, I literally just had a conversation. I'm like. I'm like, how good are you at Fortnite? She's like, really good. I'm like, could you beat, like, a bunch of, like, old men like me?
Speaker A: There's no doubt she could take out cap. She could definitely take out cap. I'm calling it right now. The chambers daughter versus cap Fortnite. Experience streaming live in the war room, coming soon.
Speaker B: She has inherited my confidence levels, so she has youth and confidence. I feel that's an unstoppable combination.
Speaker A: I'm very confused by mister House's antics down there. He's giving me thumbs down and thumbs up.
Speaker B: He's all over the place. I love it.
Speaker A: He's very unstable today. I'm not sure. I'm not sure, but. Des, how you doing, buddy?
Speaker C: I'm doing good. Just want to give a. Yeah. Shout out. I copy and pasted your. Your post to chamber yesterday just because I was too lazy to create my own. And I thought it was really well written, but happy, happy birthday.
Speaker B: Thanks, man.
Speaker C: To the big guy here. Hopefully we can get some crazy trade rumors in the back half of the season and get Kyrie over to LA for you, and then we'll really spice things up.
Speaker B: Oh, my goodness. Watch out.
Speaker C: That'd be a nice birthday.
Speaker D: He'll tweet something suspect and ride the bench for the rest of the year. It'll be. It'll be a great.
Speaker B: No, we got. I feel like D'Angelo Russell is, like, poor man's Kyrie without the headaches. What do we think about that as.
Speaker D: A Cavs fan, which is an unfortunate thing in general, but we had Kyrie before he, you know, tweeted suspect things and, you know, that was great. He was. He was awesome.
Speaker B: I'm just. I'm not 100% sure he's committed to the game of basketball as a full time career.
Speaker C: You wouldn't want him in the. In the summer.
Speaker B: Not really, no. Too much money.
Speaker C: Interesting. Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Give me two superstars with a quality role players. I don't know. I don't know if you've seen the new look lakers, but they're looking pretty nice. I was really excited last night. They had a nice game where Anthony Davis and LeBron played like garbage, and they still one handedly. So I was very excited.
Speaker C: That's a good sign.
Speaker A: Well, I mean, that look, if we're just drafting flat earthers number one, he's.
Speaker D: Number one flat earth draft pick of all time. Hundred percent.
Speaker A: Absolutely. 100%. By the way, cap says that he's retired from gaming against children under the age of 29. He's only eligible for the senior circuit because he's got to give the game a chance. Gamers a chance out there, so. All right, we will not be seeing chambers daughter versus versus cap. Let's. Before we dive into the episode here, Bundy came in hot with his hand up for, I mean, like, right off the bat. So, Bundy, what's going on today?
Speaker D: So I just wanted to make sure we were starting the show off right.
Speaker A: Which one of you yahoos made the caption at the top? Because somebody spelled something wrong and it clicks to nowhere.
Speaker B: It doesn't. Uh. Okay, let me.
Speaker D: He's a 40 year old man now, you know.
Speaker B: Well, besides the fact that I'm 40.
Speaker D: Cognitive decline.
Speaker B: When you normally tag somebody on twitter, as you start typing, it starts to generate, and you can just click on it. The problem with spaces is if you don't get it exactly right, it doesn't auto populate. So you really have to plug it in.
Speaker A: I have a bone to pick with. I have a bone to pick with Elon on that. In general, it is definitely not working properly as it has in the past. People that I follow, like you, I have to spell out your entire name. You don't populate for me anymore. I have to spell out your entire name to find you. So I have a feeling it's a Twitter thing and not a you thing.
Speaker B: So. Which. Which.
Speaker A: I'm gonna correct this quickly.
Speaker C: What?
Speaker B: Which part is it? I feel like it's two l's in.
Speaker D: The beginning and one elephant is.
Speaker B: Well, that's just because I'm not very good at spelling.
Speaker D: That's the french way.
Speaker C: Canadian way is pretty.
Speaker D: Yeah. Well, we have a lot of Canadians here, actually, ironically. But they spell it right, so it must be a personal problem with you, I think.
Speaker B: Oh, no, no. It's for sure not a smart man.
Speaker A: Before we. Before we get into it, mister House, how you doing today?
Speaker D: I'm doing fantastic. I wasn't putting on coming up. But since you brought up Fortnite, I had to say Anthony and I have an open challenge to anyone who thinks they're better than us. We're running trios with one of his friends. So if anyone wants to get the smoke post mint condition, it's time to put your money where your mouth is.
Speaker B: I'm going to set up a smoke, man really?
Speaker D: Said if you want the smoke, I mean, you gotta.
Speaker A: He did.
Speaker D: He should take him up on it, right?
Speaker A: He from the, from the man who brought you bumpin glizzies. Now we have bring the smoke. So we got, I think we need like a DJ in the war and we need like a streaming channel for gaming because I think that would, I would watch Mister House and Anthony go all day at it, but I throw it to one more hand before we get into it here with gentle tornado. Gt what's up?
Speaker B: Hey, man, just wanted to let you.
Speaker A: Know first things 1st. 1st, me, mister House and Bundy are.
Speaker B: Starting a show to take over Ryan's daily dose show. Second thing is, I'm pretty disappointed. After signing the contract, I really thought I'd have a, you know, be able to be in the war room. It looks like that's an advocate.
Speaker D: I've been told a lot of times that I'm supposed to be in the war room.
Speaker B: I need to be in the conversation.
Speaker A: And yet again, I was lied to.
Speaker B: A lot of promises.
Speaker A: Gt sorry. Sorry. I'm sorry. I will get them. I promise you I'll get them to you today.
Speaker B: So if you were to rank or if you were to rate your, the.
Speaker A: Interactions you've had with the Djen onboard, yeah, I was zero out of ten.
Speaker B: The onboarding experience with bunch of versus the onboarding experience with with me, how would you rank those two things? Gt I'd be curious to know.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's a zero.
Speaker D: Not a lie to you.
Speaker B: I wanted to give you a one.
Speaker A: But I, you know, Chamber has access to the wallet, too, so fairly.
Speaker B: You don't want to give me that access.
Speaker A: Chamber has access to the wallet, too, so there's no excuses here. So I promise I'll get you guys those today. We need you in the war room, especially if we're going to be doing fortnite battles. But let's dive into the show. Today we are joined by Franklin Fitch of parallel and I. There's so much backstory here. First of all, if you don't know, if you don't know Franklin yet or lovingly Frank or Fitch, as we call him definitely give the man a follow. I have so much backstory with, with bitch here. Fitch goes way back with Chamber and I to like the 2017 2018 days being in crypto and. Yeah, and. And I do have to say, Fitch, I owe my entire, my entire NFT career to you. This is a little known.
Speaker D: This is true. Yeah, this is true.
Speaker A: Yes. That you use, sir, are the one that basically red pilled me on NFTs in umdez top shot and art, like nifty gateway drops and all of this stuff. Like, specifically from you. You were on this stuff so early, and as somebody that I respect in the space, I saw you kind of get into all these things, and I had just millions of questions, and you were so kind to kind of guide me through my NFT onboarding as I had not really. You know, I was learning about it, and you were so far ahead of the game with, with things like, you know, art blocks, nifty gateway drops, all of that kind of stuff. And you were the one actually that sent me a top shot alpha group or beta group invite link, and you got me into the top in October of 2020, I believe it was. That's right. Yeah. And you sent me a DM, and you were like, hey, you know, we've been talking about NFTs for a bit. This is going to be the next big thing. And you actually got me to create my top shot account. So we go way, way back, not only from podcast appearances, because, Fitch, another little known fact is the all time leader in podcast appearances with me and chamber. This, I think, is your fifth time.
Speaker D: Yeah, we determined. We determined that. Right. It was number five. So it's so there.
Speaker A: Four times on red journey that I've.
Speaker D: Been through with you guys, like, seeing it. Right? Because we're not going to. We're not going to talk about the. The early period and what happened there, but, you know, kind of a little rug pull type situation. That was pretty unfortunate.
Speaker B: People throw the term rug full around willy.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker D: Yeah. This was not to your willy.
Speaker A: No, no.
Speaker D: But nonetheless, like, you know, it was like, I went through some dark times after initially meeting you and then, you know, came. Came back in a strong way. And, like, I was super early to NFTs, like you alluded to. It was like late night 2019, early 2020, that I started, you know, seriously digging into them. And it was like, me and Deez and Trill, you know, were, like, the first people that I knew talking about NFTs on crypto Twitter. Like, nobody. Nobody was fucking talking about it. So I remember, you know, you and I were, you know, both of you guys were still tight and. Yeah, I started posting about it and I had a couple, couple calls, you know, things that I got involved with that ended up being huge, you know, like, I remember minting art block squiggles when they were still mintable.
Speaker B: I was just about to say that.
Speaker D: You know, you were the one that.
Speaker B: Told me to get squiggles and I think I picked up like six or seven of them.
Speaker D: Oh, dude, lifetime.
Speaker B: Do I have one of them?
Speaker D: Yeah. Well, I mean, there's six squiggles. You know, at a period of time, Washington was life changing, right? Like, I minted 15 from the site and I think I was up like 200 x on, on that, you know, and it was like, it was crazy. It was just wild to see it happen. And like, when I started minting and you guys remember this? Like, there was no, it wasn't flipping. It was just like, oh, this is kind of cool way to use smeath and collect some shit. You know, we had no idea like things were gonna blow up. And then, yeah, I remember like being in top shot like pre beta and, you know, buying up that stuff before there was a queue and like telling people about it and I, you know, those, those ripped and then parallel where I work now is, was like my other huge play in NFts and, you know, like the, the pre sale, you know, before PD one even, I was like waving the flag as hard as I could. Like, please pay attention to this. Like, this is going to be, you know, earth shattering. And obviously we know what happened. You know, it was so, yeah, it was, it was a really cool journey to kind of be, you know, with you guys and like, you know, since like 2017 crypto days and, you know, kind of bust my ass trying to build something and that, that thing failed initially and then, you know, kind of being like, well, damn, what's next? I'm not going to quit. Like, I, there's something special about this industry, you know, I have to keep going. And then finding, you know, nfts super early and it was like life changing, you know, and it's just like, I think if there's like one lesson from my story, it's just like, don't quit. You know, even if, like something blows up in your face and you tried your hardest to do it and it, like, still didn't work, you know, those are times to dig deep and kind of find that resolve and be like, no, I'm gonna, I'm gonna keep pushing here because I know there's opportunity. I know there's something special. I know there's an ideal that I'm fighting for. So, yeah, I mean, I'm not, not trying to get esoteric here, but, like, that's the vibe, you know?
Speaker A: No. And I think that resonates with a lot of people listening to this space because it's a similar story to, like, myself. And I'm looking at a DM I sent you on August 1, 2021, where I'm basically saying thank you for getting me into leading me on my NFT guide because I had just quit my job to come in full time. So I sent you that message August 1. And then I'm looking back at, like, you know, 2020, where you're sending me top shot stuff. And so I really appreciate you and the journey we've been on. And it's funny, like, you know, we've, we've kind of, I would say, you know, we're on different paths, so we don't cross, our paths don't cross as much as they used to, which is a shame. So we'll have to keep you on the, on the guest circuit and keep that title for all time leading guests.
Speaker D: I would love that. Yeah. Cause you guys have always been, like, upstanding guys and funny and working hard and kind of trying to build businesses in this space. And I think that's what you want to be around people like that who are also trying to build and make this space better and create content. And we'll talk a little bit about this dabbling in content creation soon myself. But, yeah, you guys have always been some of my favorite people in the industry, and I've enjoyed our conversations over the years so much. Yeah, I'm excited to talk to you guys today because it's kind of like my dream, in many ways, is starting to come to fruition with parallel, and I'm excited to kind of share for people in the audience who may not be familiar with what we're doing, why I think it's incredibly important and what excites me about it.
Speaker A: Yeah, I would love to get into that. And I know that there's some people listening in this space that were with us in the Djen war room back in the, you know, early parallel days when we're dropping the initial cards and initial packs and things like that. And so they are probably familiar from that standpoint from way back, the wayback machine of last year, but they may or may not have been continuing to follow it. So I'm really excited to kind of get in deep with you on what's been going on in parallel since then. So maybe for those who may not be familiar, I guess let's talk about what's your role within parallel? And just to kind of start with a brief high level overview.
Speaker D: Yeah. So run growth at parallel and that kind of takes many different meanings depending on the week as we transition more into the actual launch period of the game, which actually we have a major milestone coming up next week which is the release of Alpha. And that would be the first time that the public is ever playing parallel. So that's incredibly exciting. It's been two years, you know, that we've been working on this to get to this point and a lot of people were like, one game, all these guys are, these assholes are never going to launch a game. And it's finally like, fuck you, like, we're launching a game. You know what I mean? So it's exciting. And like, seriously though, like, I mean you have a team of 65 people now at least, like, and then like various outsourcing groups that we may work with for certain pieces of work. Working on this for two years, obviously the team wasn't always 65 people but like scaled up to that. So like, the amount of work that's gone into this is tremendous. And it's like we're trying to build a aaa tier title, which I would argue that we haven't really seen aaa tier titles in web three yet. And there's all the blockchain components that need to be built too. So you need developers for that. Like, it's an immense undertaking. And so, you know, I don't know if like publicly that that message ever comes through of just like how much work is required and the scale and the resources behind it and the millions of dollars spent to get to where we're about to be. And Alpha is not the end of the story, it's actually the beginning of the story. But it is an exciting milestone. But yeah, just to digress, growth, I think at various points in the history of parallel has meant different things. Sometimes it's looking at the packs and how we price those and where the market's at. You know, sometimes it's kind of looking at new product lines that we might have coming and sometimes it's thinking about strategy and, you know, other times it's kind of talking to influencers, you know, be they gaming influencers or people within the crypto world and kind of, you know, explaining to them what we're doing. You know, it may be evaluating other marketing partners. Like, there's a variety of different shapes and forms that, that has taken and can take, but it's, it's progressing more and more into, strictly speaking, marketing as we sort of prepare for what the launch of the game is going to look like. And one of the common axioms in crypto is when marketing, and I think to our credit, we've sort of held back on that and we've had incredible organic growth. Over 100,000 followers on Twitter, 200,000 registered users. A beta that was like six x over Alpha. That was six x oversubscribed. We're the 18th most traded NFT collection ever in history. We're probably number two in gaming behind Axie. Their numbers are a little bit hard to determine. And then we're the number one card based NFT all time traded. So, like, the accomplishments have been great, but that's all been without any real marketing spend. And so the question becomes, like, what do we do when we spend dollars on marketing? How do we try and be the breakthrough title in web three gaming that will appeal to web two gamers? And that's an immensely difficult question. Right. We had a lengthy debate about it in discord yesterday. There's many opinions. I spend most of my waking hours thinking about it, but obviously there's a strategy and expenditure of money that has to happen there to achieve that. And I would say more and more of my time is spent there.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's super interesting. So I think I, for those who may not know, describe what parallel is, how it works. Let's start like very high level at the top, and then I would love to go into, you know, you said, why it's important. I think that's a really interesting topic.
Speaker D: Yeah, sure. So, I mean, we are a Sci-Fi franchise first and foremost, right? I think it's important to make that distinction that we're not just a game title. Like we're building an entire. It's like a Star wars type of a universe, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, it's a universe, man. If you've ever, if you've ever spent any time in parallel, like it's. It's. The lore is super deep, the factions are deep. It's just such a fun. It is really a universe.
Speaker D: Yeah. And it's pretty mind blowing. That was the thing that first drew me to it, you know, when the pre sale was about to happen, the, you know, the founder, Kalos, he and I had chatted on a clubhouse space. This was back when clubhouse was the whole thing. And he showed me the site and the lore pages, I was like, dude, this is really excellent lore. Like, I'm a huge lore guy. It's like, probably what I spend my time the most on outside of work is reading or watching various lore videos or reading dune or books like that. I'm just really into great stories. And it had that greatness in it, and it had that potential to be, like, a global franchise in just the initial lore pages, you know? And obviously, it's been built out so much. We have 280 something cards in the base set, which are all now finished. The art is by some of the greatest 3d artists in the world. You know, we have Emmy winners on the team. We have just incredibly talented group of people producing the art. And, you know, all of that art tells an immense story as well. To build out upon that core lore, the flavor text of the cards, we've also released edition one of our comic, which was produced with Raid, who does Marvel, and DC Comics. And that was amazing. And edition two is coming very soon. And so each of those editions tells more of the core story focused on each of the factions. So the first one was Earth and faction. Second one is Kathari. But I should probably take a step back and explain the story of parallel at a very high level. Basically, in the relatively near future to present day Earth, there is a need to create more energy, right as civilization is expanding. And this experiment with antimatter and fusion goes horribly wrong and basically massively irradiates planet Earth and is a extinction level event for humanity. And so in order to survive, they create four massive ships, which are like civilization saving ships, and they flee in four different directions in the solar system, and one group is left behind. And so over 10,000 plus years, essentially, these four different paths that humanity has taken evolve in parallel. That's where the name parallel comes from, to be different versions of human beings. So the group that's left behind on Earth becomes earthen. They develop, like, a connection to the land and are more sort of primal and naturalistic in nature, although they still have access to technology. One group goes to Mars. They're called the Marcolion. They become sort of imperialist, high science types, a lot of advanced technology. One group is stuck on their ship without a clear destination to settle. And in order to survive the rigors of space and being on a ship for that long, they've modified their body more and more over time to be, they're augmented versions of humans, basically, with metal arms and things like that. One group goes to Europa, which is a moon of Jupiter, and it's a ball of ice, effectively. And in order to survive, they have to grow food, and the methods of growing food and other environmental conditions end up making ThEM Sterile. And so they become cloners. And so they're all clones. It's a civilization of cloned humans, EssenTiALlY, and one group is drawn into a singularity. They're pulled through a black hole. They meet some kind of dark power on the other side. It sends them back through. And they're now religious zealots who worship this dark power and are imbued with unnatural abilities, let's just say. So that's the backdrop of parallel. The event that initially caused the cataclysm is a reaction, and it matures and it becomes the ultimate source of power in the solar system. And they all detect this, all the factions and all fight for it. So the story of parallel, the backdrop of the game, as you're going to see it, is everybody coming back to Earth to fight for this source of energy and possibly for other reasons as well, which will be explored more. But the core game itself is a trading card game. And so all the art you see is the art on the cards. So you have art and effectively a combination of units or effects or relics for each different faction. And then if you're familiar with, like, magic, the gathering or Hearthstone or games like that, it's like, it's a, it's a game like that. So you'd basically assemble a deck which would be comprised of, like I said, some combination of units. So for marcoholian, it could be a lancer tank or an earthbreaker cannon. These are real cards that we have. And so there are these, you know, advanced pieces of machinery. You know, for earthen, they have their own units, and then you have effects and you have relics and you basically assemble a deck with those and you battle against someone else. So I could play you chamber and you would have your deck, I would have mine, and we would duke it out. So that was very long winded, but at a high level, that's kind of like the parallel story, the franchise at a high level. And obviously the intention would be to build out multiple games. And we are planning in that direction right now. Can't say too much about that, but there's work being done. And then, you know, you have comics, you have, we are exploring toys, but the core deliverable for us is that trading card game. And like I said, that enters Alpha next week.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's super interesting. I'm fascinated when I hear you talk about, like, all the lore and the game and the story behind it. Chamber. You're big lore guy, aren't you?
Speaker B: Big lore energy. I love it. No, 100%. That's.
Speaker A: Oh, sorry, that's LarP. No, no, this is.
Speaker B: This is definitely the type of stuff that I really enjoy, I like in anything, right. Whether it's games, I like, you know, big world stuff, lots of lore. If I'm watching, you know, if I'm watching movies or tv, I like big. I like big novels. So, yeah, the more. The more story there is to, you know, to something, the more I'm into it. So I was just listening, listening to you talk about it, I'm like, this is, this sounds absolutely phenomenal.
Speaker A: It's super robust. Des, I'm curious to hear what your thought is on, like, how games like this, you know, how you see games like this in the conversation of, like, mass adoption, right. Like, we talk a lot about here, you know, with what we're doing with what I'm doing with Starbucks and things like that, as one method of kind of onboarding a mass adoption. But there's kind of that. That's a whole different sphere than what we're talking about here. Curious on your take.
Speaker C: Curious on my take on how lore can play into mass adoption.
Speaker A: Yeah. Just like these kinds of games, right. I think we're seeing, I would say the cross section of gaming is something we touch on a lot, but this is a different type of game than I think people normally say. Oh, nfts and gaming. Right. Like they're usually thinking of kind of these more, you know, traditional things that we're thinking of. And this is kind of a cross of, you know, trading card game gaming, all this stuff. And how does that lead to, you know, exposing people to this for the first time?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I think it just probably connects with a different audience. Right. And maybe does a better job at connecting with this type of audience, which is used to like a, you know, a TCG style game rather than, you know, if that's the thing is, right. We were trying to communicate with, like, AAA gamers with, you know, really crappy games. This seems to be on the level of like, any other really high quality TCG game. And so maybe it'll, it'll bridge that gap a little bit better. But that was one of my questions, actually, to Fitch is like, what is the closest kind of comparator that you guys see in the non web three space right now to your game?
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, I think we're, we're like, positioned directly between Magic and Hearthstone. Magic is certainly like the grandfather of all tcGs. It is the blueprint for how you make a TCG. But we have some meaningful innovations in terms of game design that improve upon things that are weak points of magic. And we also have a pace of game and some elements that are more similar to Hearthstone. So Hearthstone is a faster paced game. Magic is slower, generally speaking. And so we've kind of, the pace of games is kind of anywhere from, like five to 15 minutes, usually. So it feels really kind of good. You can get through games pretty quickly, but there's a pretty substantial amount of depth. You know, if you're playing like, a rookie queue game with Marcoleon versus Ogyn core, you know, your game time is going to be like five to seven minutes. You know, if you're playing like, shroud and earthen with more advanced decks, it could be 15 minutes more. It could be 2025 minutes. So, you know, there's a lot of sort of variability in complexity, but at the core of it, it's a simple and it's a tight gameplay loop, which I think is important in the modern age. We saw the success of Marvel Snap. Marvel Snap is definitely a different, it's more of a battler type of game, in a way, but the pace is very, very quick. It's like three to four minutes for a game. And so that blew up. It was hugely successful, and it got people who weren't into tcgs into that type of game because the UX was so good and the gameplay loop was so tight. So I think that you need something that's kind of similar to that, but, like, has more complexity to it for people who are into tcgs and want to push that, that envelope a little bit. But, yeah, I would say that it's most comparable to magic or Hearthstone.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's interesting. I'd be curious to hear your thoughts on, well, one, maybe this question first. So how does the NFT technology play into what you're doing here from multiple angles, I guess the gameplay angle and kind of how are you guys pairing that with what you're doing in, like, the physical realm? Because I'm interested in how that gap is being pursued.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's a great question. I mean, I think this is a part of our model that's actually the best part of the model. I tweeted a thread about this earlier today, but, like, what is it going to take for web, three games to break through this glass ceiling? And one of those things is that the game has to be free or very cheap to play and it should not ever require nfts. And that is the case with parallel. You do not need a single NFT to play the game. So the core gameplay will have what's called apparitions, which are versions of cards that are digital but not ownable. And you can continue to unlock those as you progress through tutorial and as you progress through rookie queue and continue to win games, you can unlock more of these, right? And you can also unlock an NFT, right? And that one NFT will start to allow you to earn prime. And then you'll be presented with screens like, hey, you could be earning x amount of prime, right? And so you will have this option to accrue decks of nfts if you wish. Obviously, everyone up to this point has been buying the nfTs. That's what we've sold. And so if you want to earn prime, that part is gated by nfts. If you want access to unique types of play, maybe tournament formats, unique in game visuals, that's gated by nfts. But the actual game itself is in zero way gated by money or nfts. It is completely free. So this is like the critical thing to be able to onboard people. Because if you go to TCG players now and you say, we've got this awesome game, but you need five nfts to play, they're going to be like, fuck off. You know what I mean? They're going to be like, absolutely not. But if you go to them and you say, we've got a really awesome game, it's free to play, come click here and check it out, they're like, okay, that I'll do. And then you can sort of ladder them up into experiences, give them free nfts along the way and show them what it would be like if they had more. And so that's the design at the core. That's how the NFTs play in and that's how they don't play it.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's super intriguing. And I think it's a lot of kind of the strategy that we're doing in the loyalty space with Starbucks. Right? Like at the, at the end of the day, it's a game layer on top of a loyalty program and it's free to play, meaning it's participate to earn and things like that. And I think that's super key to, one, onboarding, two, the whole game experience. It should be free to play with gated access at other areas. So that's super cool. How does prime then play into the mix?
Speaker D: Yeah, so prime is the token that will be associated with parallel. If you scroll over in the pin stuff up top, there's a bunch of things there. Prime token unlock is March 1. That'll be exciting. We have the closed alpha announcement. We have the collaboration with Coinbase that's mentioned. We have.
Speaker A: I was going next.
Speaker D: We'll get there. I'll get to prime first. And then we have the gameplay clip and then we have my YouTube. I had to throw a personal show in there. I mean, come on. It's like, what? Anyway, but prime is a token that's issued by a decentralized foundation called echelon. Actually, in the lore of the parallel universe, echelon is like a universal cartel that goes between the factions. So that's actually a really good way to think about what echelon is in the decentralized governance sense. So first of all, the amount of work that's been done behind proper governance, proper economic modeling around prime, is staggering. It's been more than a year of work with a ton of legal work on it, a ton of like brilliant people, full time data scientists who just model this stuff out and we're trying to build a well. And I'll get to the difference between what we have as play to earn, but a play to earn system that actually works and is not extractive in an infinite dumping loop. Right. And so.
Speaker A: Oh man, you're speaking, right? Yeah.
Speaker D: Because I mean, there's. It's broken, let's be honest. Like, play to earn is fundamentally broken. And we could, we examined it deeply and we said, what is broken about it? Right. Because the core of it is really appealing and attractive. And so first of all, it's what I would say that we have is more winter. You are not going to be rewarded for minimum viable actions with prime, period. Right. So you will need to, for one, have nfts. So there's sunk cost. Nfts can be purchased with prime, so there's a reinvestment component. The NFTs themselves have a factory NFT quality, which I'll get into. And prime is very much designed to be circular. And so we've already deployed multiple game syncs or sort of pre game syncs if you want to think of them that way. Places to spend prime before we launch the game. And those have sunk like 10% of claimed prime already. So effectively we've succeeded at proving the model thus far and it's only going to get more proven, I think, as time goes on. But effectively sunk cost circularity. And then you have to have prime have strong utility, right. And you have to make sure that people are increasingly incentivized by their holdings and winning, right? So, like, if you are an ineffective player and you're just trying to farm it, you're not going to get shit, right? It's designed so that you will not be able to exploit it. And that, I think, is the key. So it removed this sort of infinite dump mechanic that other tokens I'm not going to name names have had in the play to earn space. And that is the critically broken part of it. You want to create something that has more robust value over time, not less. That's been the way that we design prime.
Speaker A: That's spot on, in my opinion. It's funny, when we started forum three, it was actually around this same thesis of, like, why these play to earn games were fundamentally broken. And we thought the same thing you did in terms of, like, if the ecosystem is powered by, you know, player funds and they're rewarded for that, all it is is just extractive, because everybody's just trying to roi the fastest and there's no stability in a token, right? And so we actually took that same thesis that you just mentioned and applied it to loyalty program. And it's like, fundamentally, they're very similar except for the, you know, the ERC 20 attached to it. But it was built around that same thesis of why the traditional play to earn games we were seeing were all kind of broken there, but chamber, what are you. What are your thoughts so far here, listening to our old friend Fitch. Do we. Do we lose chamber or we lose me?
Speaker C: I can hear you fine. I think Chamber might just be on mute.
Speaker A: Chambers dead.
Speaker D: He might be.
Speaker A: That's it.
Speaker D: Thumbs down. Is he stuck?
Speaker A: I have no idea, but whatever, we'll go on. I got you. Des, I'm curious that your thoughts so far. Listening to this, I know you probably traded parallel cards early on where when they first dropped, like a lot of us did, that were in the space at the time, but I'm guessing you probably haven't revisited it until now. I'm curious your thoughts.
Speaker C: You know, it was so crazy. It was one of those things that I always wanted to get into. And I'm not the biggest TCG guy, but I mean, like, everyone my age, we. We all played Pokemon or traded Pokemon, and so, you know, top shot and parallel always had this, like, kind of pack thing to it that just felt nostalgic. And I always wanted to do it, except I could just never get a pack. So that precluded me from. From trying to enter and I don't know, I was bitter on the secondary at times. But no, it's something that I've always been on the sideline of, but have been so fascinated about. And just hearing a fitch go through the lore at the beginning, like there's places that lore belongs and then there's places that it doesn't. I mean, obviously something like this, I think it absolutely doesn't, is a necessity. And to see how they've done such a good job at, you know, interweaving it, it's phenomenal. I'm super excited about everything.
Speaker D: Yeah, we have cold up here. We have cold up here as well. Cold is with Isdev, with echelon as an emissary, prime. So he is actually sort of one of the parties responsible for the governance and the token side of things. So it'll be interesting to pass the mic to him in a second. But, yeah, just to echo that last point, it is such an interesting franchise and you're so right that it has been, how shall I say, like, at times difficult to get into. It is complicated, what we've built. Right. The prime proposal and all the documentation that we put out just around the ecosystem was like over 200 pages. And it's hard to demystify that. It's kind of, at certain points you're like, how do I get into this? And now that we've sold all the packs, it's like the answer is almost easier, right. The base set is done. We did six pack drops. It's done. There's no more packs for the base set. And so it's kind of like, all right, now I can just pick a faction and I can just go look at the secondary and sweep up some cards. And we've actually seen, and I don't like to talk about price or anything, but we've seen prices rising sort of across the collection now that it's all distributed effectively. The other answer to this question is that Coinbase, we've partnered with them to release starter packs. So starter packs will be like really cheap starter decks that you can buy that are nfts. So it's not going to be the greatest deck in the world, but it'll be effective and you'll be earning prime at a full clip. So those will be released closer to game launch. We have another interesting thing. Our faucet, the payload is what we call it, and you can spend one prime to get one card that's actually turning off soon as it's going to be dynamically adjusted based on whatever prime ends up at in the market. But the fact of the matter is we've got a couple ways to get cards. The secondary is there right now. There's plenty of liquidity, and so it's just kind of like saying, which is my faction? And let me go start to grab a couple of, a couple cards and at least have some NFTs in my deck, knowing that I don't need all the NFTs. So there's no forced. It's not this pressure thing where I have to go know exactly how to put a deck together, but there are certain cards that I like, maybe from an art perspective. We've also been doing a series of streams with ready player Dao and Alistraza. Ali Straza is like a really big hearthstone streamer, and we kind of brought her on and we did some deck building exercises on stream and talk through, like, what does it look like to put together a parallel deck? What are some cards that are good to look at? Right? And so that's a good resource as well that people can check out. It's on Ryan Cabrera's stream on Twitch and Ali in parallel. So if you search that, you should find it. But those are resources I'd point you to that are like more actionable. And then we have a podcast at Parallel TCGPod on Twitter that there's some great information there as well.
Speaker A: Man, I was listening to that podcast when it first started and I was hooked instantly and I unfortunately fell off it. After this conversation, I'm going to need to get back involved. The problem for me has always been time, unfortunately, but I'm just so fascinated by this and it really is done right and done well, and it's hard to. In the current environment of NFTs and projects, it's hard to deny when something is done so thoughtfully and well, like, you need to be involved in it. So I'm definitely going to be. Look, I'll be pinging you to get back in the game here.
Speaker D: Yeah, I'll help you. This is why I'm starting my own YouTube. I think it's the very first link that's pinned up at the top. I'm going to be publishing a lot of content on parallel, but like, I've spent countless hours kind of, you know, thinking about this stuff and working here and, you know, I want to help demystify for people. But I will say that, like, the end goal and kalos, our founder, talks about this all the time is to make these things that were 200 page documents five buttons, right? So the end state of, the end state of parallel is going to be a Ux that you click. It's not going to be, I have to read a fucking paper, research paper. Right. So you know, we're progressing closer and closer to that. And when people experience the alpha game client, they will get their first taste of that, which is that like this is all going to be buttons, right. It's not going to be things that are complicated and our goal is to abstract away as much complexity as possible and make it so that if you want to get nfts, it's super easy to do. If you want to play the game, that's super easy to do. And all that stuff should be just plain and simple.
Speaker A: Yeah. I think there's another awesome thing here to me that is fascinating and it's, it's like the community slash collectability aspect of, of these, like of the actual kind of NFT trading cards. You know, we see, I'm super fascinated by collectability and I can see, you know, there being some, some rabid we have there for stuff like this.
Speaker D: Like I said, I mean I gave the numbers earlier on, it's the 18th most traded NFT collection all time. It's the number one card collection all time and it's probably number two in gaming as best I can tell because we don't really have clear data from Axie. But the collecting community is super robust. That's what I mean. There's great liquidity. Volume has been really, really spiking lately as we approach prime launch and Alpha. There's a lot of new interests starting to come in and so it's exciting. That was the thing that appealed to me first. Before this was well before the game. This was two years ago. Well, I was over.
Speaker A: This is what you got me into it, how you got me into it about the collectability of some of the stuff like the prime keys and things. Yeah.
Speaker D: And like early purchases, you know, did very well. Right. And I think, you know, there was a, there was a comment earlier about the secondary and like the secondary around PD two experienced like a massive appreciation. Like it was like unbelievable levels of prices for some of these cards and obviously that wasn't sustainable and it came down but it's, it's found a floor and it's kind of, you know, it's been very healthy lately. That floor I would say was months ago that has been found. And naturally after the initial primary distribution of cards that would be the market dynamic that you would assume would play out. And that's what played out. So, you know, it's a good time. That's what I just want to leave people with that impression. It's a good time to be looking at it. I want to emphasize, you do not need to buy cards. I never ever tell, that's never what I tell people to do with parallel, you know, but it's a, it's a thing that you can do if you're interested in it. And there's a really exciting group of collectors that are very passionate about it.
Speaker A: Yeah. And that's what, it's funny. Like, you look at some of these collections, the NFT collections, and you look at prices of things and it's hard to wrap your head around. But when you look at like, the collectability of a trading card game like this, where there's such a rabid community around it and there's, you know, like, there's, excuse the pun, parallels of things you can compare it to, as in there's a massive trading card collectible physical market. Right. And like, you can start to really build a collector's thesis around some of that stuff, which I think is. Is fascinating if you're listening and you're more of the NFT collector type. But I do want to ask two quick questions here. One is back when, you know, one of the things that intrigued me so much about the team and what you guys were building originally was the kind of crossover of the digital and physical, specifically related to the cards. Right. And one of the coolest things I had seen early on from you guys was adapting these cards in and using things like ar to create these really cool experiences. Is that still something that you guys are leaning into?
Speaker D: Yeah, it is. So for those that are unfamiliar, we've put out some pretty mind boggling demos of these things.
Speaker A: So just like.
Speaker D: So basically maybe someone can find them and pin them. It's going to be hard because they're kind of buried in there. But like, if you take a physical parallel cardinal, which we are actively in the exploration and production phase of these cards, it's complicated. I will talk a little bit about the complication. You would not imagine how difficult bridging that gap really is. We've gone deep down that rabbit hole and it's actually really difficult. But the idea being like, we've put demos of a full, playable board of parallel in AR with physical cards as the AR markers. And so, you know, we are interested in exploring alternative methods of gameplay. I don't know if you've ever, if you remember on the Millennium Falcon and Star wars, they play that holo chess where the pieces are actually like 3D in real space. That's kind of what it is, right? And we built like, our version of that. The.
Speaker A: They're so cool when you see. Yeah, I wish I could, I wish I had one, like, readily available because I remember sending them around to people when I saw those videos.
Speaker D: And I like, it's like, dude, it's fucking crazy. Like, it's really wild that, that people see that and they're instantly like, I've never, ever seen this before.
Speaker A: Like, it's, it's super, it's really nice.
Speaker D: Like when you see that a flat card, you know, in real space, is put down and an AR 3D model pops out of it, that is just like, whoa, holy shit. You know, but so we are, we are in the AR side more, but at the side that we've actually leaned more heavily into is three djdehe. So there's a difference, right? AR is obviously like interactive rig models, and 3D just means the asset itself created in unreal in high definition. So all of the parallel cards have corresponding 3d assets that we've created. Now, this process alone has cost a lot of money, but I think people can probably begin to see where we're going with this. And it's going to be game changing, because basically what this means is that every parallel card that exists as an NFT flat asset also exists as a 3d object, right? And these 3d objects, well, question mark. Question mark? Question mark, what could be done with them? And that becomes like an infinite area of possibility. Because if you think about, like, now we want to go create a different type of game. We have every asset that exists as a parallel card, as a 3d object. And that means that we can just create that game with the existing body of assets that we have. And so I think you can get, what I'm alluding to is that we're actively exploring what that would be and what those games would be, right? And I can't say any more on that subject yet, but Kalos, our founders pretty clearly alluded to it on Twitter, is that, like, we are actively interested in multiple types of ways to play parallel period, right? That doesn't mean the TCG, only the AR models and explorations. There are hints at ways that we might go with that. But it means, like, any type of game within the parallel universe can be created using this body of assets.
Speaker A: That's pretty awesome. I did just get word that chamber may be back. Chamber, do we have you here?
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm back.
Speaker A: Sorry.
Speaker B: I just had a little household, you know.
Speaker A: Was your toaster on fire or my.
Speaker B: Wife just your child on? My wife stepped away for a few minutes. She's just at the neighbor's house and my kids were fighting with each other.
Speaker A: So my kid almost choked on a golf ball.
Speaker B: A golf ball?
Speaker A: Yeah. No idea how, but that's what happened in my.
Speaker B: I had to go lay the hammer down.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I'm not a nice dad all the time, you know.
Speaker A: Yeah, I get it. Trust me. I'm curious your thoughts so far. Chamber, as somebody who has kind of seen this evolve early and now kind of probably revisiting for the first time.
Speaker B: In a while, well, honestly, it just kind of makes me appreciate kind of where we are in this whole crazy web three world that we all live in. And it's going to take time. And it's nice to see, we're starting to see more and more really solid, super well developed projects start to come out. And I think this is kind of at the tippy top of all that, and it gets me excited for the future. Right. This is more and more things as projects have time. We're very, I was saying the other day, we work on hourly news cycles instead of just daily news cycles that everybody's just. So they're just looking for the next things very quick. We're flipping stuff and it's just like, what's next, what's next, what's next? And then you have projects that are actually working really, really hard and over the course of time are putting out products or will be putting out products that are really going to make a big change. And, you know, when you talk about onboarding and stuff like that, these are the type of things I think, I mean, we saw it with Axie Infinity, as many, as many issues as Axie had. And I'm glad to hear, you know, we're learning from that and we're kind of building on what they did. They did a lot of good things and they brought a lot of people. That game alone did more for web three than probably anything else. More than the bored apes, right?
Speaker D: More than. More than the board apes. Yeah, I would.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker D: Like, yeah, I mean, the board, the board apes, you know, is a complicated topic. I mean, certainly they did a lot. And I know it's of course, a divisive subject. Right. But like, you can't deny the impact that they've had. And, you know, Axie is the one that's forgotten you know, as arguably a greater impact. We're talking over a million people playing that game and, you know, the scale of that is, is really, really impressive. And I think that's what we're trying to be, a game that like a million plus people are playing. And the fact of the matter is people don't realize it. You know, GT talk about this, where people don't realize how much tcgs are played. I mean, there's like something like 30 million players of Magic annually. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, both Hearthstone and Magic are in the active multi millions of players players and even on a monthly basis. I was just looking the other day, Magic arena had something like six plus million monthly active players. So these games can touch a lot of people. And I think if you offer a compelling version of that with the aspects of ownership, you're starting to get into territory where millions of people can play this and be a part of this. That's where I think it's really exciting because I want to get millions of people playing something and parallel itself, as I alluded to, is not just going to be a trading card game. That is where we're starting and that is the initial focus and that is where we're putting our chips. But the bet that we've taken on ourselves by spending that money to develop the 3d assets is that we will be here for years and we will develop multiple game titles and we will have the library of assets to do it the entire time.
Speaker A: Fascinating. Cold plunge. I saw you come off mute. Feel free to jump in. Word.
Speaker E: Thank you. Yeah, I just wanted to comment on this topic of scaling and this has been awesome conversation. Appreciate you guys hosting. And it was. I'll just also note too, you can hear the enthusiasm in Fitch's voice. And Fitch, you're a great steward for our community and I think that that's pretty common among everybody who's involved on the team, and that's true at parallel and echelon as well. And I know I get up every day stoked to get to work and I think that says a lot too about the team and about our direction. But on this topic of scaling, because Fitch, you did a great job kind of explaining prime, but one thing you didn't spend too much time on was this concept that prime is not just a token for parallel, it's a token for gaming generally. And a big focus for echelon in term two is going to be this concept of onboarding and starting to reach out to other games like you guys were alluding to that have that level of quality and potential. And so prime can exist well beyond just within the parallel ecosystem. And the idea is to bring a token that sort of unites games across the board.
Speaker D: I'm super glad you brought that up.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: Because that is probably the secret sauce of echelon and its mandate is to be a champion of web three gaming at large and have the token utility be according to that. So that would mean in the future, multiple game titles that are not even just under parallel studios would be using this token.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's interesting. I guess that might be a good segue into, I guess maybe our last big question here before we go to Sebastian hand and then start to wrap up here, based on what you just said there, cold plunger Fitch, whoever wants to take it, talk maybe a little bit about the Coinbase partnership, how that actually comes into play from the layer two standpoint and maybe why you chose or ended up with Coinbase, because that's brand new for most of us to hear. Right. It was just news, what, yesterday or.
Speaker D: Yeah, recent news. So, I mean, we had announced some collaborations with Coinbase prior. I mentioned the starter packs that are going to be distributed via Coinbase. Coinbase is such a powerhouse and I think sort of underappreciated in terms of what they've done for the crypto industry. They've been sort of the champion, I think, on the us side, obviously, we saw the debacle with FTX proving categorically that that's true, that they were the trustworthy party. Kraken needs a nod here as well. Jesse Powell is actually a big MTG player, recently followed me, so I'm. I'm super stoked. Hopefully we can. Hopefully.
Speaker A: That's like.
Speaker D: He sent a picture of himself as a kid with an MPG shirt on and I was like, oh, fuck, this is cool, dude. Like this. This is really neat. So, you know, fingers crossed so we can. We can get him into what we're doing. But, you know, we've put out a series of announcements that I think indicate a broader relationship with Coinbase and obviously very limited with what I can say there. But, you know, it's something where they've shown interest in us, as, you know, one of the leaders in web three gaming that demonstrates robust quality and thoughtfulness about what we're doing and sort of an approach that's. That's right. And not exploitative. And so, you know, they have access to 100 million users, you know, and we want those users to be exposed to a great game and that's sort of the thought process there from a technology standpoint base, you know, is a really interesting set of technology obviously on the optimism stack and we have a need to employ an l two to manage prime emissions. And so that is specifically what we publicly stated that we're going to work with them on.
Speaker A: Super interesting there. Let's go to Sebastian's hand here and then just a couple more quick fire questions for you, Fitch, and then we'll wrap this thing up.
Speaker F: Ted. Guys, nice to meet everybody. By the way, I'm new in the communities, so, you know, starting my journey in the web three, I would say two months and a half back. I have a really cool project that I want to do for web two, web three that I'm bringing on. So I have a couple of questions. I also want to pick up your mind because you brought up many interesting points, but I, you know, when started, when you were talking about what's next and also the technologies, but also like the collector market and also gaming, you know, making things really interesting. So I'm building the platform that will make it easier to collapse and, you know, content publishing and also monetization and sustaining a lot of the activities that would be all about art, anime and gaming and entertainment producer and we're going to build the tools and provide the technologies. But what I was going to ask are like question number one, what makes game in web three interesting and sustainable, both for the rewards and the economy of it, so that people feel compelled and it doesn't just crash down and burn. And the second question would be, what do you guys have for the vision of technology for the space? If you were talking from founders perspective. And those are my two questions.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm going to throw that to Fitch, because Fitch, I feel like you, one, you're super well versed on that, but two, I feel like you also see the future. So floors are yours on both of those.
Speaker D: Yeah, sorry, can you summarize the first question again? I just want to make sure I'm answering it.
Speaker A: First question. First question was what makes a compelling as far as mechanics and like that. Second question was, what's future for technology in this kind of.
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, so the answer to the first question is, is a great game in and of itself, right? Like the economy and the other factors are not going to work if people don't want to play the game, right? Like that is as simple as it gets. You need players actively flowing through that ecosystem to make it effective. And so the only way that you're going to know is if you play the games and you enjoy them. Right? And so, like this idea of a gameplay loop, there's an interesting conversation that I had seen recently. I'll try and tweet it after this, have to find it, but with some web two gaming titans and they were talking about what is a gameplay loop and how do you make an effective gameplay loop. And so the gameplay loop has to make you feel like you're interesting, and it itself has to be interesting, and it has to kind of cycle you through a set of meaningful actions. And so a gameplay loop is at the core of games like this, especially where I do a certain set of actions and then a reward happens, and then I'm cycled back to the beginning, right? And so like, or at least some kind of feedback, if not a reward. And I think that is the thing that you need to examine when you look at the quality of the game is what is the gameplay loop? Does it make me want to go again? If I play one game, how much do I feel like I want to play another game? And so if you have that feeling where you play one round and you're like, man, I got to play ten more rounds. And I have that feeling with parallel. And I had it in playtesting when the client sucked, it was a gray box, it was janky, but the core gameplay elements were so good and didn't even have any of the reward mechanisms in there, didn't have any of the visual flourish, didn't have any design work. And it still made me feel like I needed to play ten games. Because you play one and you're like, man, I wonder what that combo would be like. So you need to have a great gameplay loop, and that implies a game that's really worth playing. Otherwise the economics are not going to work out. I talked about some of the factors earlier as well, of economics, where like minimum viable actions may be met with some kind of ux stimulus, but not an actual liquid value reward. The other factor about parallel that we haven't talked about is we have another kind of in game XP called renown. And renown is accrued by playing games winning, you know, how you deploy nfts, etcetera, but it is not a token. And I think that this kind of a model is important to have something that is like another type of reward that is not a liquid value item, right. And renown is also used in the spawning process of new cards as well as other things. So it's a situation where you split things that should be different into two pieces, because not every type of action should be rewarded with something that's liquid that I can go sell. So I think that's my, you know, that's my answer to that question.
Speaker F: I have a follow up on that one. My understanding, correct me if I'm wrong, but in the web, three games, the resources are finite, so they're not infinite, and they're scarce. After a while, that brings up, like, the bar for new players and three. And, you know, it's hard to get new players because people have farmed out pretty much everything. Is there a way that you answer to that and you fix it, or is that something that's already.
Speaker D: Yeah, so there's two answers to that question in the parallel universe. So one of them I just mentioned is renown. Renown is not finite. And prime token itself is actually circular, so it comes back to replenish pools that would go out to users. So circularity is part of the answer to the liquid token value part of that equation. And then also the cards themselves can be spawned to continue to meet demand using player input cost of prime and renown. And so that is a ways that you make the actual cards themselves not finite, but you still preserve value of the ones that are the original release cards because they are the ones that are capable of spawning. Furthermore, the apparition system for non NFT play also is not finite. So there's multiple answers to that.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's interesting. I'm fascinated by the mechanics of all this stuff with the game, but I think you nailed it on the head, right? Like, the core game loop has to be intriguing. The quote unquote web three. Gaming is like the web three of it all comes after a compelling game, in my opinion. Right. And it's an enhancer to the game, not a precursor to the game, is how I would think of it. If you're out there kind of trying to develop stuff like that. And then before we wrap up, quick, quick, rapid fire for you, Fitch. One, what faction are you and why?
Speaker D: Oh, great question. I am Marcoleon through and through. I was actually the first person to ever publicly declare as Marcoleon. And so Marcolion, if you remember from earlier, they settled on Mars. It's like imperialist high science. They're kind of like stormtroopers. They blitz you, and they have laser guns. And I always liked in strategy games that type of play. The analogy I'll use is in civilization, the Japanese, when they got to the feudal age or around that time, they would get samurais, and samurais had a movement bonus. And they were very powerful units. And I would build up to that point and then I would blitz my enemy and kill them as quickly as possible. So Marcohlian playstyle is very fast, aggro, push, push, push. Attack your opponent as quickly and with as much firepower as possible. I like that because it unsettles opponents and it's very strong, consistent type of play. And aesthetically, I really liked it. You know, what they had going on. The lore of Marcolion is very cool. There was actually like an uprising that happened in Marcoleon's history where the scientists overthrew the politicians and made a better society. So, you know, it was a really cool story to me. Aesthetically, I thought they were appealing and their play style very much matched mine.
Speaker A: Last question before we wrap this up. Everything you know about our good friend Chamber over here, all of your experiences of the last four years of knowing each other packaged into one final question here. What faction is Chamber and why?
Speaker D: Hmm. I think Chamber. Chamber is, is earthen or OG and core Chamber is earthen or.
Speaker B: I'm so, I thought that that was.
Speaker D: That was what I was initially feeling, but I also felt like earthen might work. But yeah, I think, I think that's, that's what you are.
Speaker A: I think so too, actually, if I were to pick one for Chamber. So this has been an amazing conversation. I'm so glad to have done this with the Fitch, a couple housekeeping things prior to closing up here. Definitely check out all the pinned tweets up top, especially subscribe to. If this conversation resonated with you, subscribe to Fitch's YouTube. Check out his thread on where web three tech impacts gaming. I think that's fascinating read if you haven't checked that out yet. Next up, our reminders for next week on Monday are up top. So set your reminders, come back and hang with us, please. And even if you don't come back and hang set a reminder, it helps the algorithm appreciate it. And then last big shout. We are at the end of the day on a Friday here, but there's still more Djen content to come later on tonight. We've got the NFT night shift at 11:00 p.m. on our Twitter and YouTube. And then tomorrow you can also set a reminder here for Saturday morning cartoons with GT, Dan the Lost Boy and Omi. Those are, I mean, fantastic shows. The newest Djen show. It is probably the best thing you'll listen to on a Saturday. So definitely check. Set your reminders for those. If you don't see them. You can go up to that tweet with the Degen show schedule and all the reminders there are in the replies. So that's going to do it for us this week. Chamber, how you feeling before we, we get out of here?
Speaker B: I'm excited. I'm excited to wake up bright and early at like 930 on Saturday morning and listen to Saturday morning cartoons with our new friends. So no, that's exciting stuff. Looking forward to next week too. Every week in this little world of ours brings all sorts of new fun stuff. So things are changing all the time. So let's see what next week brings.
Speaker A: Des, any parting words here for the weekend?
Speaker C: Enjoy the birthday weekend.
Speaker D: Chamber.
Speaker C: And this, this was a pleasure today.
Speaker D: It was awesome.
Speaker C: To find out some more information about web three gaming company that's doing all right.
Speaker A: Thank you. Fitch. Cold plunge. Appreciate you guys. Sebastian, thank you for the conversation. Appreciate it. But that's going to do it for us. Find Fitch. Follow Fitch. Follow parallel. Check it all out. It is fantastic. Fantastic. So that's going to do it for us. And until next time, stay mint.
