Speaker A: It's gonna be. It's gonna be a magical show.
Speaker B: I think it's always magical.
Speaker A: You can feel it. You can feel it in the air. You know?
Speaker B: I can feel it.
Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by.
Speaker B: The DGEn community network Media for the decentralized generation. If you want to connect or to check out more great NFT and crypto content, go to dgen.net work. That's dgen.net work. Hello, and welcome to the mint condition. I am Bunchu, alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, Chamber. Chamber. How you doing?
Speaker A: Doing great, man. You know what? I'm not doing great. I'm a little under the weather. I took a COVID test voluntarily today just to. Just to see what was up.
Speaker B: Positive or negative?
Speaker A: I'm not pregnant. One line only.
Speaker B: That's great, but do you have Covid?
Speaker A: I'm not sure. I peed on this thing four times. Still no Covid.
Speaker B: It's so weird.
Speaker C: You've been talking about pee way too much lately. Chamber.
Speaker A: Maybe I do have a thing.
Speaker B: I didn't think I did three times as a thing. So you're at strike two.
Speaker A: Two. Right. Okay. All right. I gotta watch it now.
Speaker B: But we also, from here on out. Oh, boy. We're off the rails. And at a minute, 48 into the show. Fantastic. But we have the one and only Morgan joining us today. We are so happy to have you filling in for Des, who couldn't be here. Morgan, how are you doing?
Speaker C: I'm amazing. I honestly have no idea why I'm here, but I'm happy to be here.
Speaker B: Well, we are happy to have you. I said to. Drew says it's okay to just disconnect. I do it all the time, randomly throughout the show, so I just decide I don't want to be here anymore. And for himself. Yeah. But I was asking you how I should introduce you before the show, and you said, I don't know, like, a stage five clinger. And I was like, you know, I think people would just confuse that for chamber. So I decided not to go down that route. I haven't been able to get rid of chamber for five years now, and I don't. I don't know what I have to do. Maybe it's this pee thing. I'll just keep going down this rabbit hole.
Speaker C: I'm pretty sure I'm just like that stray cat that walked into the Degen network, the NFT war room. And I just, like, never left. And we just put out a saucer.
Speaker B: Of milk for you.
Speaker C: You give me just enough where I keep coming back.
Speaker B: That's perfect. That is fantastic. I will say, Morgan, of any guest we've ever had, even guest host, you have probably the best setup.
Speaker A: I've not even close. It's not even close. It's not even close. I said.
Speaker C: First thing I said.
Speaker B: So, I mean, let's talk about this setup. What are you doing over there that you have this ambient lighting. You have this professional microphone. You have a guitar back there, too.
Speaker A: It looks like a Les Paul. Is that a left handed Les Paul or is the camera just flipped?
Speaker C: Wow. Dang chamber. I'm super impressed. So my husband's actually right handed, but he was taught to play left handed because his dad has one arm. Like one little arm and one regular arm. Yeah. So he had to be taught left handed. So it's actually a pretty interesting story. But his dad, like, only has a hand. Right. So it's just a little. Yeah. So he, like, created this special pick for himself because he wanted to learn how to play guitar since he was a kid. So that's how my husband learned was from his dad. So even though he's right handed, he plays left handed guitar.
Speaker B: That's super interesting. I'm glad we went down that rabbit hole.
Speaker C: Yeah, right.
Speaker B: JP Kaz doesn't know if he's allowed to shit talk. Morgan.
Speaker C: No, no, go for it. Drew already told me. He's just going to shitpost me the whole time, so I'm ready for it. Hit me with it, guys.
Speaker B: Fantastic. All right, well, let's get into it. Lots to cover today. Plus, I have a surprise segment that neither of these two know about. It'll probably be terrible because I put it together in about 15 seconds.
Speaker A: So those are the best ones. What are we talking about here?
Speaker B: We're going to try it. We're going to try it later. So anyway, Chamber. I start the show every week by asking you the same thing. How are we feeling today about the NFT market? As I sit here and bring up our dune analytics snapshot from Hill Dobby here. So what are we thinking?
Speaker A: So, you know, a couple of weeks back, we were talking about this and I said, you know, we need some free money, and I'm not sure if we had. I don't think we've had a show since the ape drop, correct?
Speaker B: Probably not, because we didn't do last week.
Speaker A: No. So. And it was, I think it was last week, right?
Speaker B: Mm hmm.
Speaker A: Yeah. So that was free money. And we saw, you know, we saw some. Some NFTs move afterwards. We saw some volume in the market. I don't know how sustainable it was, but, you know, we got that free money, you know, influx of, you know, a volume. So I don't know, I feel okay. The, a lot of blue chips did well, a lot of high end projects. World, I think world of women. Galaxy had a huge volume, like 24 hours. Like, I think they did. I want to say that they did like 20,000 eth or something. Like, it was crazy. Maybe I'm wrong there, but yeah, it was, it was a lot of volume. We saw some volume. I just don't know how sustainable it is going forward.
Speaker B: Does the greater crypto market scare you?
Speaker A: I mean, it's doing better. Again, we are, when you're looking at a theorem and bitcoin, just looking at the charts again, we got a little bit of rejection from that top end line. If you watch us on rect, we're going to a little bit into more depth. But I don't know. I see a pullback on ethereum, and bitcoin is probably realistic. You know, ethereum probably down to at least $3,100, if not like, you know, three grand, you know, as low as maybe $2,800. So I could definitely see a pullback there. And that could be positive for, you know, for, for nfts. You know, Chop is. Chop is Nft's best friend.
Speaker B: I think, to be honest, you were almost spot on there. They've almost traded 20,000 eth. Really?
Speaker A: I was a ridiculous amount.
Speaker B: 20,000 ETH in. Like, since when did they meant Saturday, Monday?
Speaker A: I don't even know.
Speaker B: I don't know. I thought it was over.
Speaker A: What day is it today?
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker C: Wednesday? I was like, I can say something.
Speaker B: Here, Morgan, do you, when you're, you.
Speaker A: Know what day it is, Morgane?
Speaker B: Morgan, let's dive in a little deeper. What day is it today?
Speaker C: It's hump day.
Speaker B: That's perfect. Morgan, do you, when you're analyzing the NFT market and overall, you know, health and volume, are you looking at the larger crypto prices, or is that something you're not really that concerned about?
Speaker C: Joe, I appreciate you, but I definitely am not looking at the overall NFT market. You know, I'm going in. So we have our primary holdings, which is in the greater crypto market, and then the NFT market is just for me to have a little fun and dabble. But it's interesting because, like, the greatest reward I've gotten from either market is actually the NFT market through friendships. I know how lame am I? Like, already sappy. Gonna bring it. But. But I've gotten more from the NFT market in terms of, in real life value versus the greater crypto market. But our largest holdings are in, like, the traditional crypto stuff.
Speaker B: Sure.
Speaker A: Like this boring traditional crypto.
Speaker C: We're so lame. I know. Steve. Steve's always on coffee with captain. He's like, I'm really conservative. I'm like, no, you're not, man. You're not.
Speaker B: All of your network, all of your net worth is in crypto.
Speaker A: It's like four jpegs.
Speaker B: That's interesting. Let's get into your story a little bit then. So you have, you know, you just mentioned you, you have a bunch of holdings in the traditional crypto market. What is your journey into the NFT space? How did you get from there to here? When did you even get there?
Speaker C: Yeah. So essentially it started over a year and a half ago. Now the joke is that. Oh, yeah, Drew, that's true. The floor is the friends you make along the way. I love it. So I. About a year, over a year and a half ago, I essentially just had like, a come to Jesus moment where I realized my life, in just like a paralegal sense, just doing traditional work, wasn't going to work for mine and my husband's lifestyle anymore. We've moved seven times in seven years. And I basically needed more of a digital nomad thing. So I just decided to reset. I was taking a second and stumbled into crypto through some podcasts and really dove deep into that. And I was watching our small portfolio we had going from house flipping in the traditional financial market. I started watching that, I wanted to understand more about it. And eventually file fired our broker, took that over, and then switched into the crypto market. And then in November, worried that we're living in our own marriage. Echo chamber. I don't know if you guys ever feel that way when you're talking to your spouses, but we said chamber, live.
Speaker B: In our own personal marriage. We're a civil union over here.
Speaker C: Five years.
Speaker A: Five years I'm allowed into the hospital, put it out.
Speaker B: He keeps trying to bring cigars, though. They don't allow that.
Speaker C: But, yeah, we. So, so. But it's just me and my husband, right? None of our friends are into it. None of them. I mean, the only thing they've ever heard of is bitcoin. They didn't know anything about the defi stuff. Nothing. And so we decided to pull the trigger and go to conference. And we told, we specifically picked a smaller conference. Real. A real vision conference. It was called the takeover event. It was in Las Vegas back in November. And I went there, and I saw where I could have been. Like, I was drunk off crypto juice hard. I was the person, like, screaming, like, yeah.
Speaker B: You know, during the whole thing, like, you got baptized. I don't know. It was weird. You got baptized in the Bellagio fountain? I don't know. Whatever.
Speaker C: Exactly. Like, I just blacked out and woke up the next day. No, it was amazing, though. And just meeting other people in real life, that made me realize we're not absolutely insane. And then through that, discovered nfts, and then somehow, I don't know, when I stumbled into coffee with captain, I think I followed Steve, like. Cause he was part of on chain monkey or something. I think I just followed him in there, and then that was my dive into the world of all of you guys, and I've never left, so. And I think that was the beginning of February.
Speaker B: Chamber. I just need to let you know that we are moving to an open marriage. Me and Drew are also have a thing here, the same history.
Speaker A: We live in a new. We're not in the nineties anymore. You know what I mean? This is a new world we live in. It's a lot of upside down pineapples, and I have. I don't know.
Speaker B: I have one. I have one wife and ten crypto husbands. Des couldn't be here, but he's chiming in, and he is already seeing the writing on the wall that he's about to be replaced by working.
Speaker A: Look, at first of all, he. He has to be sweating that setup like he's looking right now. He sees the mic. He sees the whole thing. He. This guy is nervous. This guy's very nervous right now.
Speaker B: We miss.
Speaker A: I'm nervous. I'm a little nervous.
Speaker B: Exactly. This. You know what? I think we should just let Morgan have the show. I won't. Yeah.
Speaker A: You know what? You've asserted your dominance. You've earned us that.
Speaker C: Don't leave. I'll just sit here and laugh by myself the whole time. That's all that'll happen.
Speaker B: So, Morgan, what? You know, you mentioned that you really have made some good connections in the NFT space. What you know, is that what kind of got you interested in the first place? What was the like, oh, I need to check out what's going on over here moment.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think it was. Honestly, I think it was going to that takeover event. After that, I just realized there was a lot more real world connections that could be made that I hadn't made at that point in time. And so for me, that was, that was just like a, that was a pivotal change for me. That was, hey, go outside of just talking to my husband all the time and let's make friends. And then I'd add twitter for like a year. And I think my first post is, like, in this past December, and I finally decided to stop lurking and trolling people and actually interact with other humans. And it's been so rewarding. And now I'm, like, planning all these events and I get to meet everybody in person pretty soon here. A lot of people from the Degen network. And now I'm just. Now I'm just out there. I just don't care anymore.
Speaker B: So, yeah, I think that's super interesting because I've talked about that with chamber a lot where, you know, people, the people in the traditional crypto side that they have these communities and they're religious in the sense if you're talking about like, shitcoins and bitcoin, maxis and things like that, where. But you don't ever feel like you're making a real community connection aside from, oh, number go up. Right. Like, and NFTs are, I feel are very different in that sense where the community and the people that you're meeting in these are because you live in these discords, which are these, you know, basically clubhouses of all these people that are interested in the same shit you are. Right. And so I think that's a really interesting differentiation between the two spaces. Chamber. Do you feel the same way?
Speaker A: No, 100%. I mean, like, if you think about any of the people you would kind of dialogue with prior to nfts, it was a real niche, like super, you know, incognito as far as, like, you did not know who you were speaking with. They were very cryptic about, you know, real world, you know, identities and whatnot. I was looking at JP's comment. No, no one has met me in real life.
Speaker B: No, we're married and I've never met him.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's arranged. But, yeah, no, it's. It was very, you know, I don't want to say, like, toxic or anything like that, but it's definitely like, you know, you follow the people have the most followers. I mean, that's kind of similar, but really, you know, those are the only people that had voices, I would say, you know, if you had 20, 30, 40,000 followers, you know, so if you're Steve. Yeah, those are purchased.
Speaker C: I love you, Steve. You're the best.
Speaker A: I always wanted to. One day I'm gonna buy a bunch 50,000 followers and then. And then call them out for it.
Speaker B: Like social blade or whatever it is, and be like, this guy's got 98% fake followers.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker B: Exactly. What a poser.
Speaker A: But, yeah, no, it's awesome. It's a thousand times more fun in nfts than it. Than it is in crypto. And honestly, you're probably making more money, too, if, you know, right now.
Speaker B: You probably.
Speaker A: If you sell.
Speaker C: Yeah. Or if you're Joe with those five board apes, right?
Speaker B: Oh, fuck you, Morgan.
Speaker A: We don't talk about the apes.
Speaker B: That's a soundbite. Well, I'm.
Speaker A: I got the clip for the show.
Speaker B: That's it right there. That's the intro. But anyway, the, you know, I brought this back up because I always like to point out where we are on, like, the volume charts and things like that. And, you know, we had, I think, chamber. You're right. If you look at these dates, like the 25th, you had $157 million in volume on Opensea, which is, you know, pretty. A pretty nice recovery from where we were at the beginning of March, where you're seeing, you know, at the low 60 million in a single day. So I think, you know, I think you're right about one free money season. I also think that there's credence to the fact that we're coming out of tax season. You know, we've all. We always, you know, we always see this. And in Q one, I feel like. And, Morgan, do you agree that, like, even in the crypto space, Q one has kind of always felt like a down couple months?
Speaker C: In general, I think it's rebalancing. You know, people are rebalancing their portfolios, but I do think people are willing to take on more risk sometimes, too, especially when you have bigger names coming to the game.
Speaker B: Yeah, I agree. I'm reading these comments and I'm dying. Mortgages killed off. Des coming back in. All right. I've got my spot secure. Morgan's getting chose. That's fantastic. Yeah, it's just. Yeah, I got bodied right there. That was good. But. Yeah, no, I agree. I think so. I don't know what we're in store for Q two, but I feel like we're set up more to be far more bullish than we were. I don't know what that means for nfts. Right? Like, I don't. I don't know if we're. It feels like this consolidation into blue chips. Like personally, I'm minting less, I'm trading less, and I'm finding myself making more, bigger conviction style investment type plays, which I think is typically your style. Right, Morgan?
Speaker C: Yeah, I honestly, we're priced out a lot of the nfts just because we're so comfortable with our current crypto holdings and we are more conservative. And I, I think it's hard. So when you're talking about Q one, it's sort of being this, this down cycle. I think for other markets, I generally see it as people being willing to take on risk and rebalance. That said, the NFT market, so different from anything I've said, from anything I've ever experienced before as well, because it's this weird buyer and seller pair up that you have to do. It's not just a buy and sell price, it's do you like the arthem? Is that the piece you want? So the NFT market to me is just a completely new environment and it's hard to say what's next. And you guys know I'm newer to this space, to the NFT space specifically, but it's, it's hard for me to guess what's coming next. Like, I'm guessing that the Coinbase platform is going to end up being a catalyst.
Speaker B: Yeah. In the year 2030 when it eventually launches. Haven't they been saying soon? Like six months now? Yeah, but I know, I totally agree. JP Kaz says the art doesn't matter. That's true. I typically disagree.
Speaker C: Yeah, I disagree.
Speaker B: I disagree because I agree with you in the sense that typically there's a buyer and seller, especially with rares. Right? Like if you're holding a rare or buying a rare, you need, you need a very specific buyer. Right. And in those scenarios, the art 100% matters. You need somebody to want to come by your rare goop dude, JP Kaz. But like, there's also people like myself that trades purely off of numbers and floor, in which case the art doesn't matter and sometimes neither does the project overall.
Speaker C: Right, but do you think, do you think trading off the floor and even pre reveal is still going to be an option another year? You just said things are consolidating. You yourself are finding that you're buying more blue chips. I mean, do you think that's even going to be an option for newcomers to the space in another year?
Speaker B: That's a great question. I think that buying off of, so I don't think I blue chips qualify for what I just said in the sense that, like, if I'm making it in at the time. You're buying blue chips. You're not trading as much as you are making an investment. Right. Like, if I'm spending ten e, I'm gonna be on a. On a doodle or whatever. Like, I'm gonna be finding one that I like. Right? So I agree with you there that the art does matter, and I might not just pick one up off the floor, but if I'm trading. If I'm trading metro verse based on a chart that I look at, like, I don't care what it is, right, I'm in and out. It's a. So I think time frame matters there in that sense as well. What do you think, chamber?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, it's tough to say what, you know, the catalyst is going to be going forward because everything, you know, we could. We could have a couple of months where, you know, like, it was back in, I want to say July. I honestly can't remember what a month was or what the few months were where you could literally just buy a. I don't know, why are we asking what month it is? But, you know, you remember when you could literally just buy. Buy into any project and it was. It was going to do extremely well. You're going to make a ton of money. We could see that again this year. It all, you know, I think it's dependent on a lot of things. Obviously dependent on, you know, the price of ethereum, I'm assuming, you know, ethereum is going to be the kind of the maintain, you know, chain we're going to be transacting on when it comes to nfts still. You know, there's others like Soul and Steve brought up wax today, and that made me laugh because I definitely spent a lot of. I had a lot of nfts on wax. But, yeah, I mean, I think, you know, you mentioned Coinbase. I don't know if. I honestly don't know if the metamask token is like a thing that people just made up or it's a thing that metamask actually teased out. But I think a metamask token would just be bonkers again. Free money season would be. Would be nuts for something like that.
Speaker B: I hope I can retire off of the metamask airdrop.
Speaker A: Like, is that, like, was it started.
Speaker B: By, you know, I felt like we actually. Well, I think maybe that's how it started once we got, like, you know, the. Looks rare and all this stuff.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: I. But I'm pretty sure it's now confirmed, like, metamask is. Oh, really?
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah. The, the now question is, is when is it coming? I think not. Is it? I don't know. I think that's a good Q two thing to do. Oh, yeah. You know, you didn't want to get front run by ape coin, which you knew was coming in Q one. Right. You holding any ape coin chamber? Oh, I talked to you about ape on rec. Morgan, are you making any long term investments in apecoin?
Speaker C: No.
Speaker A: Morgan gets it.
Speaker C: Like, that's not for me.
Speaker B: Okay, fair enough.
Speaker A: What, what do. I went on a fairly long rant.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Incoherent rant about it.
Speaker B: I thought it was pretty good. I thought your reasoning was okay except for the fact that they have nobody on their team.
Speaker A: Like, their team was trapped.
Speaker B: You got bodied by captain within 30 seconds.
Speaker A: 30 seconds. So, yeah. What, what, are you not sold on it? What, what are your, what are your thoughts on?
Speaker C: No, it's, it's not that I'm not necessarily sold on it. I think there's merit to it, but I, and I think that bored ape yacht club is now a brand that's going to stick around.
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker C: But I also think that they just airdropped a shit ton of money to people of imaginary money, which is what this whole space is. Right. And I just don't know how it's sustainable to literally give and give and give and give and give to your community. It's just not sustainable in my mind. Like, there's, there's no way that you can, you know, drop the serums and the mutant apes and the, and the bored apes and now a token and make every. And honestly, it's, it's a terrible, they've done a great job. Don't get, don't get me wrong, but I also don't think it's the best way forward for other communities to try and imitate that because it's just, again, it's not sustainable for the whole ecosystem. So do I think board API club will stick around? Yeah, absolutely. Do I think they're going to become a brand? 100%. Am I going to buy ape at $18? Nope. Not interested in that.
Speaker A: Like, it hasn't done anything. I'm just, like, I was just looking at the chart of. Yeah, like, I think it was a big moment. That's exactly what I thought was gonna happen. There's no, there's no trades to be made on this thing. You gave it to a bunch of people that held their ape token to a hundred. A hundred eth floor. And those people still haven't sold their ape yet, which, you know, for many, canceled. And then. So you gave a whole bunch of tokens. These people. Oh yeah, they're not, they're totally gonna dump it. And then you'll pump all that liquidity into the market. I mean, we saw a little bit of liquidity, but I mean, for the amount that was out there, I heard some numbers being flying around. I mean, it's insane. Like the volume on Opensea should be much higher.
Speaker C: Well, I think it's a big win for the whole NFT community. I actually think it's great what they did in a lot of ways because it's moving the space forward, but it's just, I don't know how it's sustainable. And I also don't think that it allows for other NFT communities to come into the space and make a name for themselves. If they continue to try and imitate that, it's just, it's just not gonna work.
Speaker B: I tend to agree with that. Right. Like this model worked for bored apes because it was the perfect storm of timing and community.
Speaker C: Because they were first.
Speaker B: Yeah, right. And it was just the perfect storm. Like this is. And now, you know, you see it with some of these like play to earn games that like Wolf game was kind of the first one to do what it's doing. And all these replications have been. Nobody's been able to do it at all and they're all trash. And, you know, same thing here, I think is it takes something really unique to. I don't know if we'll really ever see something like what bored apes did or will do again in the same way. Right. Des chiming in bunches. McLaren would have something else to say about your imaginary money claim. Sir, I drive a used Dodge Stratus, thank you very much.
Speaker C: I have a Dodge Stratus.
Speaker B: That's where I was going with that. I'm glad you picked that up. JPK says, this is an interesting question. Would apes sell out today?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: You don't think apes would even sell out today?
Speaker A: I mean, nothing's selling out today.
Speaker B: I mean, that's not true.
Speaker A: I mean, world of women did, but they already had world of women like, you know.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's a follow up. Yeah.
Speaker B: No, there's been new projects this week that have sold out.
Speaker A: Yeah, I know. I definitely bought some. 1 second.
Speaker B: I mean, did I mention imposters?
Speaker A: Which did you those it? Well, I got Kawami.
Speaker B: Kawami, dude, imposters minted yesterday. They have 4400 eth traded and the floor is 1.7, and they minted for, like. .9 so they minted for. .9 yeah, it was, like, dutch auction style, and that's where it went. Um, but, uh, JP Cass says he sells out all the time. That is true. All right, we've hit the, uh, we've hit the half hour mark. Should I.
Speaker C: Should I. Oh, that goes really quickly.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, it's your day. Yeah, exactly. We're just a bunch of chatty Kathy's over here, and next thing you know, it's 10:00 at night and your wife wants to divorce you because you don't get off the phone with chamber.
Speaker A: My wife wants a divorce way earlier than 10:00.
Speaker B: Here, here. This is actually a really good point, too. Des says ape's biggest utility at launch was a theoretical treasure map and drawing dicks on a digital bathroom tour.
Speaker A: That's got to.
Speaker B: The art still holds weight, though. But he's. He's right, though. Like, at the time, what was the utility of apes? It was like this bathroom door you could write on, right? Like, do you remember that? Yeah. And I never wrote on the bathroom door, but it was.
Speaker C: We know you did, though.
Speaker B: I did it.
Speaker C: Sponge hearts chamber.
Speaker A: C plus. C forever.
Speaker B: The mint condition podcast sucks.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Mint condition podcast.
Speaker B: Yeah. Question mark. All right, are we going into my segment here?
Speaker A: Absolutely. Let's do this.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: I'm really excited.
Speaker B: Okay. I hope this part works, because we are about to. We're gonna play a game.
Speaker A: Are you excited, Morgan?
Speaker C: I'm actually scared. I don't know.
Speaker B: Oh, man. Hold on. Where is this? Hold on, hold on, hold on. This is. Again, remember, I planned this with 30 seconds. Now I can't find my screen that I wanted to share. Hold on.
Speaker A: It's all falling apart.
Speaker B: Only for the first part. Oh, there it is.
Speaker C: Was that the whole thing?
Speaker A: I could list that whole thing.
Speaker B: We. We are going to play. Attempt to play the NfT dating game. So I am going to. Whose is that? Is that playing on my screen? Oh, the next. Next track rolled, and that was the dating game remixed. Glad I'm the only one that heard that one. But the. So I've got the NFT dating game here, and here's how it's going to work. You guys will each be able to ask me a question. I've picked three projects here that I have stats and information on. You guys will ask me either questions about. You can ask me questions about their. Their team, their holders, their price, anything like that, and I will have to. And I can answer. And at the end of this, you'll have to pick without knowing which project it is, which one you will date, and which one you would invest in based on the questions you're about to ask. Yeah. Basically, Drew. Drew. Drew goes marry f kill. Basically. Yes. We're playing the dating game. So, Chambere, uh, what kind of nft would you like to date?
Speaker A: I want, uh. I want one with a very high value. So do we have a high floor?
Speaker B: Yes. So, uh, door number one has a floor of, uh, roughly. Let's. Let's put it this way. Without giving it away, so you can't look it up.
Speaker A: Right. I mean, I. I like to play honest here. So I will be.
Speaker B: I will be looking at up door number one. Door number one is it has very expensive taste and has a floor that is plus ten, plus eth. So that is door number one. Door number two, I'll answer for all three. Door number two has a floor of above five eth, and door number three likes to take his dates to McDonald's and has a floor of above one less than three. Okay, so that's chambers. First question. Morgan. What we're going to you. Let's narrow this down here. What kind of nfts are you looking to date?
Speaker C: Oof. I really like a good personality. So let's look at the community.
Speaker B: Okay. Very interesting. I like this. So door number one, the most expensive one on our list here I have to get to, has a discord following of 54,373 and a Twitter following of 301,000. So that's door number one. They're the expensive tastes crew. Door number two has. Sorry, I'm at door number three. Door number two has no discord. Oh.
Speaker C: Ooh, spicy door.
Speaker A: I like it. I like it.
Speaker B: They have. They have no discord. That is specifically for them. Let's put it that way.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: And they. They have no discord. And they, I would imagine, also have no specific Twitter account for this, for their collection. Let me just double check on the Twitter.
Speaker C: It's like the man of mystery right now. I like it.
Speaker B: That's not true. They do have a Twitter 7812, and they do not have a discord. However, the discord that they would be closest connected to has 59,000 members. And then door number three, Discord has. Apparently I'm in it. Let's check that out.
Speaker C: It's the Djinn network.
Speaker B: I guess I'm not in it. Door number three, Twitter, has 61,700 followers. I can't find their discord numbers off top of my head. Hold on.
Speaker A: It's okay. Discord. Discord numbers are fake anyways.
Speaker B: I can't find their discord. 1 second, 32,130 members. So again, we've got the door number one has the most. Door number two, a little bit of a wild card. You know, they're, they are. They're a little hipster y, and they're going their own way. And door number 332 thousand discord members and 61,000 on Twitter. Chamber, you're up with your next question.
Speaker A: So I don't like my nfts. I hate the cute nfts.
Speaker B: Ooh.
Speaker A: Okay, cute season, I'm out on. I don't know how you can. Would any of these be participating in cute season is what I'm asking.
Speaker B: You know, depending on, depending on your taste, all of them might be participating.
Speaker A: Oh, really?
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, I would say that door number one is probably most cute.
Speaker A: I would say cute. A lot of pastels. A lot of.
Speaker B: Yes. Okay, so door number one. Door number one, for sure. Drew says, here's how the dialogue went. Ask a question. Chamber. Kill cutesies. Kill cute stuff. The door number one definitely falls under cutesies. And by that definition, door number two does not. Door number two likes to do things a little differently. They're a little 3d ish.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: A little 3d ish. And door number three is. Could fall somewhere in the middle. I don't think. Their main calling card is not pasteli.
Speaker A: Okay. All right. I'll put not cute.
Speaker B: Not cute. Maybe cute. A solid six and a half. I would say maybe a be cute, but not six and a half out of ten. So. All right, let's. Let's go with the last. Let's do. Should we do this the last question, or should we do one more round after that?
Speaker A: I think this should be the last question. I feel.
Speaker C: Yeah, let's do this. Yeah, I feel pretty, I feel pretty confident. Okay, so last question. I've had a lot of bad blind dates in my life, so I want to know who these people are. Are these teams docs or not?
Speaker B: Oh, okay. That's a great question. So team or door number one? We have. They are doxxed. Full names.
Speaker A: Full names.
Speaker B: Full names that are out there. So we've got. I don't want to give it. I'll give you their full names if you promise not to look them up, because I doubt that, you know.
Speaker A: No, I think we can. I think we docs is fine.
Speaker C: Yeah, docs is plenty.
Speaker B: So door number one, doxed. Door number two, a little bit of a rebel. Not doxed. However.
Speaker A: Like it.
Speaker B: I like it.
Speaker A: Anonymous.
Speaker C: I was really liking number two, too.
Speaker B: However there. I would say originally, I would say they kind of fall into a hybrid at this point.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: But they are originally undoxed. And door number three. No, I would say half doxed. Like, they're, they're doxed by their. The. The artist is docs. The rest of the team is not.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: So yeah, the. The artist is doxxed for team number three. Okay. And then I will give you one last tidbit here.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Which refers to, you know, could refer to the community as well. Door number one has a 10,000 supply.
Speaker C: And can't believe we didn't even ask that. Yeah, we're. Are they cute?
Speaker B: Well, that's the, that's the dating game rules. That's what you want, right? The total supply of ten k. I thought it was going to give me the exact number of holders. Hold on.
Speaker C: I never had Tinder, but I feel like I'm playing Tinder with nfts right now.
Speaker B: Yeah, this is Nft Tinder. Great. Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay, perfect.
Speaker B: Hold on. I'm just trying to find the holders really quickly. So ten k supply with. It's not giving me holders specifically, but only, only seven, about 8% listed for sale. So that should give you a little decent number there. The door number 220 thousand is the supply.
Speaker A: I think I know what number two is.
Speaker B: And 6100 holders. 6167 for holders. Door number 310 thousand. Supply, 5583 holders. So before we, first, we need to have you guys lock in your choices. So chamber, who are you going to choose to date?
Speaker A: I think I'm going to choose to date whoever is behind door number three.
Speaker B: Door number three. Wow. Okay. And Morgan, who are you deciding to hit your wagon to?
Speaker C: I'm going to be a bit of a rebel. I'm going to take some risk in my life, and I'm going to pick number two.
Speaker B: Door number two.
Speaker A: I think I have. I think I have number two.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: I think that was my own number.
Speaker C: And we have the same taste chamber. We have the same taste.
Speaker B: That was my next question is. All right, chamber, guess for one, two and three. Let's see if you get any.
Speaker A: So the one I picked, I don't have a guess on. I'm gonna be honest, I do have guesses. I would say I'm medium sure that door number one is doodles.
Speaker B: Okay. I'm gonna. I'm gonna have Morgan guests too. And. Okay.
Speaker A: I think door number one is doodles. I think door number two is the.
Speaker B: Artifact by Clonex okay.
Speaker A: I think. I think that's what it is. That's just a guess at number three. Number. I honestly don't know. I want to say, like, invisible friends, maybe.
Speaker B: Okay, Morgan, do you have a guess?
Speaker C: The only one that I. That I feel comfortable guessing on is. I agree. Doodles, I think, is. Is door number one.
Speaker B: But door number one is doodles.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Nice.
Speaker B: So phonics throws a guess up here. Doodles. Clone X. And three landers. Door number three is three. Is three landers.
Speaker A: So door number three is three landers.
Speaker B: Nice.
Speaker A: I'm a huge fan of the three Landers.
Speaker B: Drew thought door number three was Kevin.
Speaker A: I'm glad I picked number three.
Speaker B: Then chamber, you. You decided to pick door number three. And you actually have a personal bag of door? I have a big, large.
Speaker A: I might be a little overextended in three landers, but. Yeah.
Speaker B: How many three Landers are you dating currently?
Speaker A: Ten. And I got ten backpacks.
Speaker B: Wow. That's a big old three layer bag.
Speaker C: And that's commitment. I like that.
Speaker B: Yeah. Right? So he. It was. It's true love when he picked door number three, I was like, this is perfect for him.
Speaker C: So what absolute trash did I pick?
Speaker B: So, door number one was doodle. Door. Doodles. Door number three was three landers. Morgan, you picked. Let's see. See? Share the screen here.
Speaker C: Oh, my gosh. It's trash. You know, it's trash.
Speaker B: You picked me bits. You picked me bits. So, mebits, you know, undoxed founders with larva labs, but they just got, you know, the IP purchased by. By Yuga. So technically, I guess, now they're doxxed. But I, you know. Right. And they've got their 20k supply with 6100 holders. Because ten k were dropped into punks. You're not disappointed. Wow. All right, so everybody's happy with, uh, with who they're dating these days?
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. Big fan of three landers. Yeah.
Speaker B: There you go. So was. Was that a good surprise game or what?
Speaker A: Good. Yeah, that was a fun one. I like that one.
Speaker B: Should we do it again sometime?
Speaker A: I agree.
Speaker B: Take me that long to do. I could probably do it a little better next time, but, uh, I thought it was a.
Speaker A: And if we're gonna make that, we'll get the. We'll get the full game show drop and everything.
Speaker B: Yeah, we'll have, like, we could put effects on the, you know, we can have a backdrop. We can do all kinds of cool stuff, but. Yeah, the. What did Drew say here? Damn. He said Azuki doodles and threelanders were his MFK beforehand. He almost got it. He almost ruined our whole segment.
Speaker A: The whole thing.
Speaker B: Quit the damn show. But yeah. So that. That was fun. I'm glad that chamber ended up dating his real life bags because it just means that he's. He's really found true love and.
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker B: How. Morgan, you're gonna buy yourself a me bit after this?
Speaker C: Absolutely not. No, I bought.
Speaker A: I actually flipped one not that long ago after. It was after the. The announcement for Yuga. I had. I had one tucked away for months. And I think. Yeah, I think I made a little bit on it, but I don't know.
Speaker B: I think I told you to buy that probably.
Speaker A: You told me to buy lots. Whatever you tell me to buy. That sounds like a good idea.
Speaker B: Yeah. And then I sold mine way before.
Speaker A: Did you at a loss or at a profit?
Speaker B: I think about breakeven probably slight loss. Yeah, actually. So. But anyway, so that was the dating game, which I thought was a fun way to fill some. I like that one time. Have a fun segment. We. We like to play fun games when Des is not here. But what else should we. What else should we talk about? That was. That was all I have now. So that's it.
Speaker A: That's all we have.
Speaker C: That's it. That's. Bye, guys.
Speaker B: I think.
Speaker A: I think some alpha is in order.
Speaker B: You have Alpha?
Speaker A: I don't. But I was hoping Morgan might bring some alpha to the table. The least you could do.
Speaker B: We did not prepare Morgan with putting any alpha together here.
Speaker A: You checked an old laptop. You found 100 eth on that laptop. What would you be buying right now? What do you think the moves are?
Speaker C: Oh my gosh. What would I actually be buying right now?
Speaker A: What do you think is a good value? I'm trying to think. I picked up. I have terrible. I have just terrible bags, you know? Are you familiar with three landers? I have a lot of.
Speaker C: I'll take those. No, no, honestly, if I. And I talked about this a little bit this morning. But I would pick up an X copy if I could just for the one of one factor of that. And I just think they're obviously really cool too. And my husband really likes them. I'd pick up an a female wacy and I pick up some more on chain monkey. Yeah, those are a couple of things.
Speaker A: I don't know what the first one was. One of one. I heard you guys talking about it this morning.
Speaker B: No copy.
Speaker C: Can you pull them up on the screen? They're pretty cool, actually. So it's one of one art but when you click on it, if you go to right click it, it changes. It distorts the image so that you can't do the right click save.
Speaker A: Are people actually doing that?
Speaker C: I mean, I think it's just like. It's a fun play on the entire.
Speaker A: I like the fact that you can do that, though. That is a good idea.
Speaker C: Yeah. And they're. And they're actually really cool pieces of art.
Speaker B: Where. Which one should I go to? These all look the same. I'm on his, like, actual verified opensea, but is this not. This doesn't seem like where I'm supposed to be.
Speaker C: I'm wondering if it's doing that on desktop, maybe.
Speaker A: Are those.
Speaker B: Are those x copies? Like. No, X copies. Like, those. Look, one of the biggest names in as an. As artist, as far as artists go.
Speaker A: Like the acid guy. What's it called?
Speaker B: Yeah, killer acid. But the X copy is probably bigger than. Yeah, he's like, probably the Picasso of crypto art, I would think.
Speaker A: Nice.
Speaker C: Until this morning when we apparently got, like, 16 people to buy some one on ones by the guy.
Speaker B: That was pretty great, actually. But I like that. I like Jay Patterson's comment. How many sub ducts would you buy with 100 ETH for drew?
Speaker A: 108 worth, man.
Speaker B: What? Whatever. However many 100 worth get, including gas chamber. Do you have any. Do you have any alpha?
Speaker A: Honestly, like, I. Like I said, I picked up some kiwamis. The k. Yeah, I picked up two of those. What else did I grab? I don't know. I think undervalued. Right now. I've been eyeballing the cool pet.
Speaker B: Oh, wow.
Speaker A: Pre reveal. I think that could, like, it came down significantly. I think you pick him up for like, one and a half eth right now. I think those could be something.
Speaker C: Why?
Speaker A: Why?
Speaker C: Yeah, I'm always curious about people's why behind it.
Speaker A: Because, Val, just value plays. I'm not, you know, I'm not all, you know, fuzzy, fuzzy. With all the community stuff, it was higher.
Speaker B: Community member. These days it was higher.
Speaker A: Now it's slower. And then I think. I think once. Yeah, I did pick up one that's holding bugs friend think. I think once there's. As soon as cool cats puts out anything saying, you know, when the reveal dates gonna be, I think those will. You'll probably, you know, you'll probably get 50. 50% to 70% increase on. On the value. I probably sell them pre reveal anyways. But I think right now is a good value. You could maybe two. I don't know if you two x, but you could definitely like 50%. There's nothing to sneeze at.
Speaker B: It's not. That, is it? That is a good percent, if I had to.
Speaker C: You guys feel like certain projects are going to be harder to find as.
Speaker B: The year goes on, meaning like good collections or. What are you, what are you referring to?
Speaker C: Yeah, kind of just touching on what we were chatting about before with like, the market cooling down and I mean, yeah, if the Coinbase NFT marketplace goes live, that's a catalyst and brings new people to the space. But, um, just sort of talking about that repositioning. Do you see it? Do you see yourselves even picking less since that initial hype of the NFT marketplace might be falling off in general?
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm being much, much, much more selective with what I'm minting. I've sold a lot of stuff. I'm holding mostly ETh and just trying to find, you know, what I think are, can't miss plays that are, you know, like chamber was saying before, it was like, you know, there was a point over the summer and in, you know, early fall where it was like mint everything season and you couldn't miss. And everything that minted was an instant, you know, three, four, five, x and you can just flip your way to a good chunk of eth. But I think it's getting harder to identify those. I think we're getting over saturated with projects. So I think you really have to either decide, I want to, you know, hold eth and make minting plays on, on some things that are much more, you know, can't miss type things or you have to buy blue chips and hold blue chips. And that really just goes, that comes down to your appetite of what you want your portfolio to look like. Are you, are you more comfortable sitting in ETH and just making some small, like some conviction plays or are you really want exposure to the greater NFT market in terms of blue chips? Chamber, what's your typical thought process there?
Speaker A: Honestly, I would kind of go a little opposite of that. I think it's easier now to find good ones because, you know, there was a ton, you know what I mean? Like we had the summer and the fall, but then in the fall through, you know, through the end of the year, I mean, the reason we're so selective now is because we got bit so many times. I mean, I don't even want to go back and think about all the eth I've lost on absolute trash projects. Like just absolute guard. Like, I don't even want to put a number. It's. It's. It was upsetting for me to think about it, but it's probably 30 plus ethereum. Like, it's got to be, right?
Speaker C: I mean, the fuck out.
Speaker B: Oh, I'm down 20. I'm down 20. I'm down 20. Eth on cool monkeys. Alone.
Speaker A: I spent $15. $15. I spent 15 e on that stupid bear game. Stupid bears. I did. Yeah, just that one alone.
Speaker C: You need hugs. Are you gonna be okay?
Speaker A: At the end of the day, we're definitely up. You know what I mean? Like, if it was all down, I try to get two down on the misses because, you know, we're, as a whole, we're in the black, you know what I mean? We're not in the red.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: But I think because we got bit so much, like late fall, winter. I'm not. I'm not looking like I see the war room sometimes. These guys are absolute degenerates, mincing everything. I'm not touching any of that. The only one I minted was like, whatever it was on, it was the world of women galaxy. I just knew that, like, bunch said, you know, that was. It was kind of a no brainer. Dutch auction and dutch auctions, I kind of like. Because you can kind of monitor them. It is kind of a pain in the ass to sit there waiting for it. But I just read that one.
Speaker C: I just watched Morgan's anxiety.
Speaker B: Des just told us 30 eth on rugs is nothing.
Speaker A: Right? Exactly. That's what I'm saying. It's definitely more than that.
Speaker C: This is unhealthy.
Speaker B: You could be like Drew, who came to nfts for the free money and made no money and all he has to. All he has is this darn suck duck.
Speaker A: That's all right.
Speaker B: I've got one piece of. I've got one piece of alpha. I think people should watch for talking about the art. Art specific. We've got the Fibo world coming up. Are you familiar with this chamber?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: Are you familiar with feu oceous?
Speaker A: No, I'm not a cultured man.
Speaker B: Yeah, you're not a big art guy. You're.
Speaker A: I know what I know. I know what I hate.
Speaker B: So Feuocis is one of the, I would say bigger artists. Like individual artists in the space. They've done a bunch of. Or he's done a bunch of one of ones. He's done a bunch of nifty gateway drops. He's had an artifact collaboration. And it just got announced the other day that he's putting out a generative project. And it's going to start here with this paint project here on Nifty Gateway, which is really interesting. What's cool about this is it's initially, there is, if you're holding a fu. Ocean piece that you. You do get a initial access and I think a discount on. So if you have a few OSHA's piece, you're kind of set up pretty nicely here. But there will be a public sale April 3, which I think is. What is that, Thursday? No, I think that's Sunday.
Speaker A: Tomorrow.
Speaker B: I think that's Sunday. But what's interesting about this is it's unlimited in the supply. So it's kind of like the Xcopy open edition that happened last week. But these paint pieces will serve as kind of building blocks. So it kind of reminds me of. It kind of reminds me of, like, a mix between what Xcopy just did and what, like, PoC pages were, you know, where you could, like, I think there's going to be some kind of burn mechanic here, but really cool opportunity symbol.
Speaker A: What's that weird symbol in front of the. How much you have to pay?
Speaker B: This. This is. That is. I'm actually not familiar with that. The one I was looking.
Speaker C: I didn't even know what you were talking about. What's he talking about?
Speaker B: We just get each.
Speaker A: They put the zeros at the wrong side of the decimal.
Speaker B: We just. We just get each other. Me and chamber.
Speaker A: Are they. Can you not buy these in eth?
Speaker B: I think you probably can as well. I'm not sure. I don't do a ton on Nifty gateway. Steve want. Steve's calling out my paper hands dot GG. That would send Morgan into a yemenite death spiral, he thinks. Which. Which is probably true. Have I done that on the show before? Yes. I see.
Speaker A: I think you have. Yeah.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: That hurts, man. That's all right.
Speaker B: Let's do it for the lols, for the lulls.
Speaker C: If I have a heart attack, just start yelling Steven's name. He'll come.
Speaker B: Here's the paper hands portion. Let's see what loads. But that. That is my. That's my one piece of alpha.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: While that's loading, the other piece of Alpha I have is the, you know, a project that I'm tied to, which is the Ben Mesrich project. If you have not been paying attention to that, we are doing drop two in the next coming days. Let me see if I have the test.
Speaker C: I bought after the snapshot. So, of course, I don't get the drop. I'm going to have to go buy it on. I always buy, like, the day after a snapshot every single time.
Speaker B: All right, so hold on. I'm trying to load the sneak peeks here. But yes, you will actually need to do something. So that's why there's alpha here. So you're going to go. If you have a Ben Masric token on Monday morning, on Monday morning, the site will open up and you will be able to get your free claim of your bitcoin billionaire piece, which I'm trying to. I'm trying to get this. I don't think anything is loading on my end right now.
Speaker A: Honestly. That. That website is a pain to load.
Speaker B: Paper hands. Yeah, yeah, it's rough. I'm trying to just see if I have too many dang tabs open, but. Because even opensea is not loading for me at the moment. But I wanted to show a sneak peek of these cute little bitcoin guys that we have. But I guess.
Speaker C: Are they the ones I've been seeing on Twitter?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker C: Great. I love them.
Speaker B: The cute little bitcoin. We're calling them bitcoin Billy's.
Speaker C: Are they too cute for chamber, though?
Speaker B: That's the problem.
Speaker A: Pretty cute, I'll be honest. Yes, it's okay. I'm. If they're free, I'm gonna take them.
Speaker B: Yes, they are.
Speaker A: So do I get a one to one?
Speaker B: No, you get one per wallet. So these are the bottleneck. These are the bottleneck piece of the token of the. The screenplay project. Right. So you have to own. You have to own all three to be part of the screenplay token.
Speaker A: So this is where it gets tricky.
Speaker B: Yeah, this is where it gets tricky. You're going to have some decisions to make, I think. And other piece of alpha is the Ben Mesrich project. Roadmap 2.0 is coming out next week, at the end of the week sometime. And there are some big things planned which are very cool that people should be checking out. Is it Dickens?
Speaker C: Us?
Speaker B: Wow, that's a great. And he's got a crypto dick, but as is with, like, a flaw enzo behind him, which is great. It's. Is it or it's a bitcoin? Nft on eth. Yes, it is. It is actually the story behind this. Ben Mesrick is the one that wrote bitcoin billionaires, which is a pretty iconic bitcoin story about the Winklevie and Charlie shrimp and just kind of the history of bitcoin. And so this drop is a tribute to that book. So they're cute little bitcoin dudes. I'm trying to. I can't find a good one.
Speaker A: At some point, we need to be included in the history of cryptocurrency and nfts. I think.
Speaker C: I mean, at some point, I feel it.
Speaker B: I feel like you. You specifically are just iconic, sir. You know, I just don't see this space doesn't happen without your contributions.
Speaker A: Well, I like to think that. And that's what I tell myself every night, but it's. It's good to hear it from other people, you know what I mean? I had my first talk about a shock to the system. I had my first national sales conference in a. In a few years. And having to meet new humans irl and having to put on the show, you know. You know, the show that we all put on in front of people.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah.
Speaker A: Was. Oh, it was rough. I feel like I came out, you know, on top of the situation, so. But here's what I was definitely nervous.
Speaker B: This is.
Speaker A: These aren't all. These are too cute.
Speaker B: Not too cute. This is not cute for you.
Speaker C: I like a little mustache.
Speaker A: That guy's all right. I like that guy.
Speaker B: That guy's all right. This one's pretty.
Speaker A: Looks a little Sully. Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: I like. There's some cool ones going down. I think that's it for the sneak peeks because this other thing won't load, but, yeah. So there you go. That's it. My paper hands. Oh, it finally loaded. Here you go. You ready? This is how we'll close the show. Morgan, do you have any guess at what my paper hand. Do you know what paper hands?
Speaker C: No, I'm being educated right now. Tell me. Okay, so what I need to be.
Speaker B: Prepared for here, paper hands. GG is exactly what it sounds like it is. You connect your wallet and it shows you how big of a fucking loser you are, and it takes your entire transaction history and tells you how much eth you've paper handed and what that would be currently worth in us dollars.
Speaker C: Okay, so before we. There's actually this thing coming out. It's called, like, filthy rich kids, and they're filthy. Which rich crypto kids. An NFT project. And they're actually doing it where your PFP will. Your NfT will update based off of your trading portfolio. And so you either get poorer or you'll get richer. And I don't. I don't know if this is Alpha, but it's just a fun process.
Speaker A: That's good. Alpha right there.
Speaker C: Yeah, I can. I can put the link. I'm in their discord right now, but I can throw the link in the morgue.
Speaker B: I'm definitely buying one of these because I want to try to evolve my dude.
Speaker C: So it's called filthy rich crypto kids. And my understanding is it changes your. Your NfT based off of your trading portfolio. And so you can social signal whether you're doing a really good job or really bad job, which is really what it's all about. Obviously, that's all we're here for.
Speaker B: But Des says to me, or Des says, please, not again, as in, he knows what this train wreck is about to look like. But here's. Here's how the show is going to end today, with, you know, everybody having fun at my expense yet again. Right, here we go.
Speaker A: Whoa. I feel like this is worse than it was.
Speaker B: I mean, just keep going up. I mean, and this doesn't even take into account the ape airdrop. Right?
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Even count the ape airdrop. So that I haven't. You bought it with a toaster oven is really something.
Speaker A: You look at the price. You look at the price you bought in Athens, 39 and sold for a tidy profit of one. Yeah, no, not even.
Speaker C: Think I'm having a fucking panic attack right now. What is happening? What?
Speaker A: You made 0.11 on that. Look at the ca. The comments are just flying. I just.
Speaker B: The comments are flying. What a douchebag. Total asshole.
Speaker A: Well, that is, you know, no better place to enter.
Speaker B: You haven't actually said the number out loud. For those actually listening to the podcast.
Speaker A: And not watching Morgan, do you want to say the number?
Speaker B: A lot of six, nine.
Speaker A: Let's start with the ethereum number.
Speaker C: The ethereum number is 696 e. Oh, my God.
Speaker B: 696.69.
Speaker C: You got a lot of 69s there.
Speaker A: Nice.
Speaker B: 69669, which is a dollar equivalent of what?
Speaker A: The morgane.
Speaker C: I mean, we're at. We're at 2.3 million. Oh, my God.
Speaker A: Just a cool two point. Just a cool 2.3 mil. It's okay. He's. He's a multimillionaire at this point. No, no.
Speaker B: I drive a Dodge Stratus.
Speaker C: How does. So I know how I feel right now. How does this make you?
Speaker B: Well, I mean, I've. I've known this before, before two minutes ago. So I've been living with this for. For quite some time now. And now if you add on the airdrop that I would have received, I had a, like, no joke. Had a serious mental health struggle the week of the ape coin drop. Yeah.
Speaker C: You disappeared you weren't on Twitter. You weren't on discord.
Speaker B: My ape coin drop would have been close to if I just held everything more because it hit 18,000 or $8 a coin. So $18, 8180 thousand times five is just what the apes would have been. Right, then your dog.
Speaker A: Did you have any mutants? You had mutants?
Speaker B: I've had mutants, yeah.
Speaker A: That's rough.
Speaker B: Yeah, I have. This is what I tell Drew when I need to take a break. I have to go touch grass, so.
Speaker C: So I actually do see a comment that I like it. Has it changed your trading strategy? Well, I mean, I'm blown away. I'm honestly, I'm actually. I can't believe I. There are no words.
Speaker B: The question here is a good one, I think, and we should close with this, is, has it changed your strategy? Are you diamond hands everything now? And the answer is no. It has. It has changed my strategy a little. But I am not diamond hands everything, because if I were to have diamond hands everything, I've minted more of those, you would have lost money on. Thank you. And would have gone to the stratosphere. Right. So, you know, it's. I think it's. And I always, you know, go back to the time in nfts when this was happening was, you know, you're not sitting on stacks of liquid eth. You were at the time trying to build your bankroll. Right? So every one of those flips, like, you know, that one showed that I had gained 0.1 on it. But I sold most. I sold most of those for, you know, three to five eth, which at the time was a ton for me. And it helped springboard me into being able to quit my job. Right. So, like, there is a silver lining here, right, where you know it. So, yes. Would I have made more money holding my apes? Obviously.
Speaker A: But is it obvious, though?
Speaker B: Well, I mean, I'm a good trade.
Speaker A: Five is a lot. Five.
Speaker B: Five apes. To not have kept one of them is a lot. Right.
Speaker A: Like, I only had one.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And I flipped it. I had maybe two mutants, but I feel pretty good that, like, I'm ahead, you know? I mean.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I'm very much ahead.
Speaker A: But no, no, but, like, I'm ahead. Had. I had kept them like the ape. You don't mean. Had I not traded. Yeah, I feel pretty good at five is a little tougher.
Speaker B: Five stopper Morgan short circuited Morgan and rice and give her a quick reboot.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Great comment. There you go with that. I'm gonna go bathe with a toaster. And this was a fun. This was a really fun show. Morgan, thank you for joining us. We will have to do this again whenever the next time Des can't make it, we'll be hitting up Morgan because this was a good time. Sounds great. Thank you, guys. I'll think. I have to think of another fun game we can play for next time. Chamber. Any parting words?
Speaker A: No. Don't get too down on yourself. Yeah, I do. Don't get too down on yourself. We're gonna. It's for everybody. Good time. Don't get too down on yourself. It's all fake money. You're lucky to take out any at this point.
Speaker B: Was this our 52nd episode? Was this our year?
Speaker A: It's close.
Speaker B: It's either this or the next one.
Speaker A: So it's definitely close to that. Yes. Where it was. Did we start in March of last year?
Speaker B: Yeah, we did.
Speaker C: I feel honored if this was lighting up.
Speaker B: Our chat right now is just. Des just decided he was gonna check his own paper hands. GG. And.
Speaker A: He'S upset.
Speaker B: His makes his. Makes mine. His makes mine look like his makes mine look like child's play. I'm not going to air his car. I think. I think Des just circuited because when we did this last time, it was maybe a third of that chamber.
Speaker A: Right, right. No, totally.
Speaker C: Oh, my God.
Speaker B: But Des, don't forget Desmondae, 38. Whoa. Desmonded, 35.
Speaker A: Don't you worry about that. He's.
Speaker B: Yeah, but so that's why his number is insane like that, right? So imagine doing my number with 30 apes. Tez says he's going to burn everything and he's actually fucking mad. I don't think.
Speaker A: I don't know if Des has any apes left. Does he have any?
Speaker B: I think he does. I don't know. That's a good question. We'll have to ask him next time he shows.
Speaker A: I feel like if you have 30, you should have kept a couple.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, if you had five, you should have kept a couple, but you should have.
Speaker A: I think one. I think one.
Speaker B: Well, I intended. I always intended to buy that one back. I made it. I sold it for four e. I built extra axie teams with that four eth.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: I was planning on paying myself or buying another one when we paid ourselves back that next time. And. Yeah, and that literally that week they ran to, like, ten and I was priced.
Speaker A: We were actually. We were axie geniuses for that month. I feel we were.
Speaker B: If you started at the time we did or before you made a lot of money if you.
Speaker A: Yeah, it was. It was a good time.
Speaker B: By the way, did you see. Last thing. Did you see that hack yesterday on Ronin? Yeah. How much was it? $615,000,000.
Speaker C: I think that's one.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: That's like. Does his paper hands.
Speaker B: Mount Gox. Mount Gox was 500 mil.
Speaker A: Really? I.
Speaker B: Yes. That's why, I guess, $1 wise in history, 776,000 eth.
Speaker A: That's crazy. Yeah, that's nuts.
Speaker B: Fucking nuts. All right. That's gonna do it for us. Morgan, thank you so much for joining us. This was a fun. Until next time statement.
