Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by.
Speaker B: The Degen Community Network media for the decentralized generation.
Speaker A: If you want to connect or to.
Speaker B: Check out more great NFT and crypto content, go to dgen.net work. That's dgen.net work.
Speaker A: Oh. Oh. Hello and welcome to the mint Condition episode 30. I am Joe, aka Bunch of bets alongside both of my esteemed colleagues and co host, Chamber and Des Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker C: Well, you know, actually not doing very well. I am, I'm pretty sick. Been under the weather last couple of days. I am multi vaccinated and I had to go get a COVID test yesterday because I was sick as a dog.
Speaker A: You know, you should probably get a third because triples are best.
Speaker C: Triples are best. It's safer that way. No, like, I was. Have you guys gotten sick since like all these shenanigans? Like, it is terrifying. I thought I, it felt like I was breathing in razor blades yesterday and I'm like, oh, I'm fucking gonna die.
Speaker A: Oh, you, you do have Covid? I. Yeah. Did you get, did you get a result back or what?
Speaker C: A okay, just like streptococcal meningitis or whatever it is.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, just that. No problem.
Speaker C: Yeah, there's a regular, regular cold man. It was great, great to hear.
Speaker A: No big deal. Des, how are you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: Good. I am fully distracted this podcast because I got the little one next to me today. But, um, so if I, if I keep looking this way, it's not because I have something really, you know. Well, I do have something really important.
Speaker A: I'm doing good daddy daycare. I understand that it's you. You know, the, the troubles of a stay at home dad or, sorry, a work from home dad is that my wife treats me like a stay at home dad. And so, you know, a lot of babysitting goes on.
Speaker C: I adhere during my work.
Speaker A: Right, exactly. I'm like, am I gonna have to go to a Starbucks or something? And then I'm like, I don't really want to go to a Starbucks.
Speaker C: Does your office have a lock on it?
Speaker A: That's the key. I'm actually like in a dungeon somewhere.
Speaker C: That's. Love it. You gotta lock that stuff up.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's it. So we are super excited for this show because we took a week off. We didn't even do a show last week. So we have lots to talk about. So we are going to cover all the things happening in the NFT market. You know, the good, the bad, the ugly for about the first 25, 30 minutes here. And then we're going to talk specifically a little bit about a project that we're launching in conjunction with Djen Network and fantasy football related. So we're going to have our good friend premium carrots on for the last half and chat a little bit about that project and walk through it and see, you know, see what we got going on. I think it's a pretty interesting project here. So ape and pony show already asking when the kids are going to mint on the contract. I mean, first of all, that is a, that is a essential life skill going forward, I believe, you know, like it's, it's like learning how to drive.
Speaker C: When they go to grade school and they're dunking on their friends. You meant from the website loser?
Speaker A: Yeah, that's funny. So, all right, let's get started with, I guess just like state of the market. I feel like in the past week, I mean, maybe people thought we had packed up shop because we're in the NFT bear market going on.
Speaker C: Right. This is where we thrive.
Speaker A: Yes. So, oh, by the way, first I forgot, before we get really deep into it, go retweet the giveaway. So if you go to our live stream tweet, either from network or I retweeted it, I think we all have. If you go retweet that live tweet, you will be entered for the giveaway at the end of the show. We are going to be giving away one of the NFT red zone cards that we're launching for this project. So we're gonna be giving that away at the end of the show. And you'll have the, you'll have that in your wallet next week when we launch. But we'll get picked the giveaway winner here today as we talk about it. So go retweet that chamber. You can drop the links if you have them and then let's get started. Oh, we should. Yeah.
Speaker C: 1 second.
Speaker A: Yeah. Pour one out. We gotta pour one out for norm.
Speaker C: That's tough one. Tough one.
Speaker A: Today, Norm McDonald passes away with a private battle with cancer, I guess is.
Speaker C: Is apparently nine years.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker C: Battling.
Speaker A: That's wild. Chamber, you have, you have a norm story near and dear to your heart. Both of ours.
Speaker C: Yeah, absolutely. I mean, Norman Donald is a, you know, a canadian, you know, funny man much like myself. We kind of similar strata. No, but we a couple, I don't know, like maybe, I think it was late 2020. I started seeing Norm MacDonald tweeting a little bit more about, like, defi and cryptocurrency. And whatnot and some real, like, deep stuff. It wasn't just, you know, when celebrities get in, it's very, I'm going to get a punk. I'm going to get a, you know, they weren't just talking about bitcoin and he was talking about some real. Some real. I think he was talking about farming pickles, if you. Which is a deep cut in the defi space. And I had reached out to him through our cryptocurrency show rec podcast to see if he wanted to come on. And he actually responded back. We chatted back and forth a little bit. I was losing my mind. I kept texting you right after, like, oh, like, look at this, look at this. And we, you know, he was, you know, there was a pretty good chance he was gonna come on our show. Obviously not anymore. But, yeah, it was, it was tough.
Speaker A: He did actually commit to the show. And you will actually have always have that time. You spoke to norm MacDonald and we.
Speaker B: Could do like a hologram, post, post.
Speaker A: Post, post, post, post.
Speaker B: Posthumously, right? We can do it. We can do it. We could mix in all his wonderful clips from all his men, all his.
Speaker A: If you haven't heard his. If you haven't heard his Richard clock joke, that one's just, that's an all timer. I can't repeat it here on the podcast. No Richard clock.
Speaker C: But, I mean, he struck certain chords with me comedically that were no one else, no one else could pluck. I mean, the guy was, the guy was insane. So. Rip.
Speaker A: Anyway, so how are we feeling about the NFT market? Let's go to our resident NFT market specialist, destin. What are you going chamber?
Speaker B: So, I mean, I don't know, maybe we're gonna have a new guest.
Speaker A: Well, I mean, what's the, what's the vibe from you in the market? These, you know, the last week or so, it very much feels. Twitter sentiment has. Feels like it's taken a downturn to the negative side. I feel like, you know, my opensea emails are drying up for bot offers. Uh, what are you seeing out there? What are, what are your thoughts?
Speaker B: I, you know, it for sure is negative. The outward appearance is negative. But it's so funny. Like, I, I just, I, you know, I'm a bag holder of a ton of stuff, and I just, I don't know, nothing. It's not worrying to me. I mean, eth, you know, obviously, we just almost reached a new all time high, but we didn't quite get there, and then it dropped down and. But it's just still so funny because you get perspective. And like 3300 on ETH is still phenomenal. You know, just a few weeks ago, month ago, we were at 2000 and before that, 1700. So, you know, eth crypto, I think is still strong despite maybe what you would call, you know, a correction or just a small dip. I think it's just a tiny pullback before a slingshot, honestly. But not financial advice.
Speaker C: But definitely take this as financial advice.
Speaker B: As the NFT market, I don't know, I feel like it's really strong. Like, I feel like the cream is rising to the top. I've been talking with a bunch of people and we are way oversaturated on new projects and people are starting to take losses, which I think for the overall health is actually pretty good because like I said, the cream rises to the top. I've kind of shortened my investment window into some major brands and major back products, good teams. And so I think we're actually approaching like a really, that's, of course, where chamber, you know, bounces out. You know, talking about good, steady investment metrics and chambers like peace.
Speaker A: Chamber's like, I'm an ape. I'm out of here.
Speaker B: I'm out of here. But no, I think overall it's actually pretty healthy. So I don't quite get it. A lot of people are saying like, oh, everything's super bearish. I'm totally chilling. I think we're actually approaching a really good point, but that's, that's just me.
Speaker A: Interesting. All right, chamber, how you feeling?
Speaker C: Well, I got some feelings. So, I mean, what I noticed right away is as soon as cryptocurrency, the cryptocurrency market started doing what it was doing. In the last couple of weeks, NFTs really slowed down. Now, like that said, we were oversaturated. There was a ton of stuff going on on the NFT side. So, you know, it kind of met at an apex. And I think a lot of people were pivoting to either holding their crypto or, you know, flipping their NFTs for Ethereum. But the other thing we were seeing, too, is Solana really getting into NFTs. Say what you will, you know, I don't have any Solana NFTs personally, myself.
Speaker A: I got rugged so hard. I got rugged. It's for nine, Solana. I got straight up rugged for nine Solana. Turned off the lights, deleted their accounts. Literally, the day I minted it, I was saying it was like my third try at a Solana drop, and I finally hit, and I'm like, there's a problem because I actually hit this one.
Speaker C: I've been nervous.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: So, well, I think I said, I don't know if it was the week before last, but it totally reminds me of pancakeswap, not in the sense that, like, it's a bad, you know, it's a bad product, but when it's free and it's easy, you get a lot of scammers that are going to participate on that. So Pancakeswap was the same. That was like a binance Dex, and a lot of, like, defi projects were launching on that. There was a ton of rug pulls there. So it does not shock me that we're seeing that on salon just because it's cheap and easy. So scammers can really, really take advantage. And if the sentiment is going that way, obviously you're gonna have a lot more participants. But I mean, for myself, I'm holding my nfts. I'm selling where I can. I'm not, you know, I'm not setting it to the lowest possible price that I want to go. I think I've set mine to, you know, maybe 25% off of where maybe I would have sold them at kind of the height. So they're there to be purchased if, if they want to be. But I am kind of waiting, like, once I start to see those start to pick up a little bit, then I take some off just to see where the market goes from there. But, yeah, it's, it's tricky. It's a tricky thing. It's not like crypto, because you can't just liquidate everything. Right.
Speaker A: It's a very difficult thing to do, actually. I mean, it's the whole non fungibility of this. Right. It's, it isn't as liquid. And, you know, what I've noticed is the opensea emails have dried up a little on a lot of these projects. And there's also, you know, I would say panic. The floor undercutting happens, and then eventually the floor gets to a spot where a good project's going to get bought up and people are going to entertain and bad projects are going to slide, and there may not be any comeback from those. And so I think to both your points, is going forward selectivity and getting into putting holdings. Like, if you're going to hold, like, the blue chip, top tier stuff is where you need to be. And I also think the biggest thing that you could be learning right now, if you're new ish, is take profit. Right? Like, you need to be somewhat liquid to kind of keep going in this. In this game, like the. If you're flipping or whatever. So. But you, like, I'm. I was sitting here about a week and a half ago with just like, all these paper gains that are not realized in ETH in my wallet, right.
Speaker C: And I knew it was the top when I. When I spent the 0.1 eth on WGMI to get the premium account. And it literally, that was the, that was the height of my account, and it's been down.
Speaker B: That's a pretty good top indicator. When you start looking at bags to see how much money he has, that's a pretty good.
Speaker C: Honestly, I've said that anytime. So anytime I feel the need to show my wife how much money we potentially have, I try to sell 25% at that point because it's hundred percent going to be a correction. It's every time. Every time there's a correction, whether it's crypto, nft, doesn't matter. I'm like, oh, look, I just sold this cat for this much money like this. You know, it's crazy or I don't know what it was, but it was. It was definitely something. And then I showed her the WGMI, and I was like, you know, I got to sell some of this stuff.
Speaker A: Yeah. So. Well, good. I hope you did. So, you know, the other, like, the other point that Des made is the over saturation. Like, that's not going away. Like, 18 drops yesterday on a. Or Sunday. 18 drops on a Sunday afternoon.
Speaker C: What I'm seeing is, like, the mix of a lot more soul projects. Like, I was just on our. On our degen discord, and we have an announcement page for drops right on there. And I was noticing today, I'd say it might have been even over 50 50 in Seoul's favor for the amount of projects it was close to. But, yeah, I thought that was an interesting indicator.
Speaker A: Interesting. That is interesting. So if you look here, though, at, like, opensea on the top ten for the last seven days, you still have, you know, blue chips, quote, unquote, up here. Right? Like, the top is art blocks curated. Okay, that's not really going anywhere, right? The one. The one that surprises me in the last.
Speaker B: Don't even say it. Don't even say it.
Speaker A: Which one? What do you think it's gonna be?
Speaker B: Don't say sevens.
Speaker A: Oh, it is. It's. It's number two. The seven sevens is number two on the. On the seven day list. But what's crazy about it is so obviously that drop was. Was nuts. And there was that, you know, exploit of the contract where somebody minted a thousand of them and you were only supposed to be able to do one per transaction, all of that. But what I think is crazy about this, so that, that doesn't surprise me from, like, the 24 hours or, sorry, the seven day volume. But look at the 24 hours volume. 83% up, and it's, you know, 400. So 83% up in the last 24 hours, which is kind of weird. Is that guy, like, sold out and are we bouncing on that, like, floor of what? Point 73, it says here. I don't know. What were your thoughts on the sevens? Obviously not a project I'm interested in buying, even at this point, for those reasons. But it looks like somebody is in there buying.
Speaker B: It's crazy. This is, like, a pretty big theme, even with crypto. Kryptodes was up, then bounced down to, I think, 3.4. Now it's back up to 0.7. Same thing with the sevens. Dropped down to, like, 0.4 something. Now it's back up to seven. So it feels like things are maybe, I don't know, recorrecting. It's kind of interesting.
Speaker A: Well, I think that's what happens when you see these, like, panic sales of the floor. It would be interesting if we could see. And maybe I'll try to find some charts on this stuff. But, like, where. How many listings were down there? Right. Like, is the floor there? Because there's 200 listings at 0.2, or is it five? And then it's a really thin floor back up to, you know, this kind of base here.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: So I think it really depends. And you should be looking at, like, number of listings, because that's kind of how you find these, you know, for. In crypto terms or charting terms like these support and resistance levels for these, for this kind of price action that you're seeing. Right. So then you see crypto punks, obviously, monster, the sneaky vampires. Did anybody get in that? I missed it. I wasn't really paying much attention to it, but that was a drop.
Speaker C: That, wasn't there a vampire thing that rugged?
Speaker A: I don't. It wasn't that one. I don't.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think there was one a.
Speaker A: Couple of days ago, probably. Des, did you get any 888 inner circles?
Speaker B: I did. I thought that was an auto buy. Like, I bought at 0.3 and I bought a few of them.
Speaker A: I bought. I bought three of them. Secondary market at 0.27. So I was right there with you.
Speaker B: And again, goes back to of, like, buying into teams rather than projects. I just.
Speaker A: Are you still holding them or did you sell them on the, on the way?
Speaker B: I sold about half because I wanted to buy in something else that I was a little sketchier on. And so it made myself feel good that I paid with profits, but I'm still holding half.
Speaker A: Yeah, I sold all of mine out. I only had three or four. I sold all mine out at like .15 or, sorry, 1.5 ish. 1.5 ish. And then they ran up, so I left some on the table there. But that's, that's okay. Very, very solid profit that I'll take. Toads are on fire, says hash stars. There you go. Kind of they are today. Oh, man. Like 481% in 24 hours. That's. That is officially on fire. Now, I do need to talk about number eight here. Let's did loot. Loot. So, des, you got missed on loot, right? Missed chamber. Did you miss?
Speaker C: I was, I was out on loot.
Speaker A: Okay. So I actually had a loot bag. Our good friend, captain of a loot bag. Is it. No, like, I literally had. Or is it like a Birkin or. Okay, it was a european carry all. It was a satchel. It was, it was one loot. I had one loot. And actually Captain Zwingli minted it for me because I was out of town and he was. Find it. Found it. And I was like, oh, could you grab me one? And he was nice enough to do so. And I missed the entire run up, like it was going crazy, and it was over. It, like hit two e and bounced all the way back down, like 0.8. And so I kind of panicked and put mine for sale at like 1.2 or 1.25, and then it just went nuclear from there. It was insane. Ran all the way up to 17 eth and, and now. And now it's all the way back down to 6.75 is the floor. But they also dropped a token, like, during all of this and that, and it was like a gold or something, a GLD. And that airdrop at its peak was worth like 70 grandd.
Speaker C: What?
Speaker A: It was insane. They run up on loop. And I think what happened with loot on the floor here was they actually increased the supply and that. Okay. I think they put out more, if I remember correctly, and that's kind of why.
Speaker B: Was it an easy mint, like, did.
Speaker A: Like you had to do? It was one of those, like, contract only mints. And you had to, you had to find available token ids. So you had to go into the contract.
Speaker B: That's fun.
Speaker A: And you had to search all the token id. Really? Whatever. And if you found one, you were able to mint it, right? So, like, that's how. That's how all these loops are.
Speaker C: You can only mint one at a time.
Speaker A: Only one at a time. Yeah, I like that. It was. It was actually kind of fun. And all the derivatives kind of did the same thing, but there was, you know, we saw, I don't know, ten or twelve derivatives in the next day or two, including the. The beanie cash grab blut, which also had a crazy run.
Speaker C: Beanie doesn't do cash grabs, does he?
Speaker A: No, he doesn't. He doesn't.
Speaker C: Wait.
Speaker B: Holy crap. Big news. We need the breaking banner, everything. The hot off the press. Holy crap. In less than. What was that? 14 hours, someone solved the massive puzzle of Bayc.
Speaker A: Wow. Someone. They solved it, huh?
Speaker B: Hey. They will be receiving. They got the official notice from bored apes. So it is legit. They got the retweet. You will be delivered ten e board ape number ten Bakc club dog number ten m. Two serum and a special surprise.
Speaker A: Really? Holy crap. Wait, that's like 150 grand worth of stuff, or.
Speaker B: Dude, wait, way more like we're talking. I mean, board ape number ten alone. Yeah, gotta be something crazy. But, yeah, no, I mean. What? I'm just bored apes did a phenomenal job.
Speaker A: Where did you see that? Can you bring it up?
Speaker B: Chamber, you can do artifact, retweeted it, but also board ape, retweeted it. Another shout out and super shill for major bags for me. 100% in on artifact Akira. Just gonna throw that out there. But, yeah, I mean, bored apes, phenomenal job on that treasure hunt. Like, the level of detail was insane. I went into it for a little while last night, and I was just like, no chance I'm solving this. So I just closed it up real quick. But it was so cool. Shout out to that whole team. Just keeps doing things right, so.
Speaker A: All right, there. There it is.
Speaker C: Can you see that?
Speaker A: Okay, yeah. You won the grand prize. Ten E. Abort. Ape number ten. Oh, matching serial number number ten dog. Wow. So that. That's directly from board ape. Oh, yes. So just solved.
Speaker C: I think that's what he got. Like, that's the message he got.
Speaker A: Yeah, but. So who solved it? Is that it right there? The.
Speaker C: This guy here? Justin Tobin?
Speaker A: Yeah. Is that who solved it?
Speaker C: So just solve the. Yeah.
Speaker A: Oh, just casually. So, yeah, I just solved this. A million bucks worth of assets that's amazing.
Speaker C: Oh, he's a professional puzzler.
Speaker A: Oh, interesting.
Speaker C: This guy's for real.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker C: Builder and destroyer of puzzles. Yeah.
Speaker A: Imagine spending your whole life being like a yemenite puzzle guy and then it, like, culminates in this.
Speaker C: That's pretty great, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, you get to.
Speaker B: You get to send a lot of I told you so.
Speaker A: Yeah, right. Exactly.
Speaker C: A lot.
Speaker A: Your parents are probably like, oh, wow. Like, I told you, dad, one day I'd solve a million dollar puzzle. That's crazy.
Speaker C: That's wild.
Speaker A: Congratulations to Justin Tobin for that. That's pretty cool. I like the. Thanks for the breaking news, des. I. That was.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's a big deal. I mean, that's been on the roadmap since, you know, since the start and, you know, they just released it last night. Did it? I think in probably their mind it was going to last maybe a little bit longer. I would have loved to see.
Speaker C: I didn't realize professional puzzler Justin Tobin was on the case.
Speaker B: Dude, when you put a half a million dollar prize on there, you're like, begging people to, you know, go for it. So.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's wild. The hunt itself. Did you what it. Hey, there we go.
Speaker C: Hey, that's a small person.
Speaker B: That is future Nft holder right here.
Speaker C: Oh, small they are all the time. Man.
Speaker B: I need to. I need to set up a wallet.
Speaker A: Easy. Oh, that's adorable. Look at that baby. Very well behaved. Look at that. Yeah, she's.
Speaker C: Oh, mine was a piece of shit. Both of them.
Speaker A: I've had a couple circumstances of the puke beard lately.
Speaker C: Right?
Speaker A: Yeah, right.
Speaker C: Right in there. Yeah, it's rough times.
Speaker A: The dedication from des huge.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Baby in one hand, being the Adam Schefter of NFTs on the other, where he's just breaking news.
Speaker C: Baby of the year right there.
Speaker A: That is father of the year.
Speaker C: That's no bar. Harley Jarvis.
Speaker A: No father of the year for sure. No doubt one of the guys that solved it. Bring up Allison's tweet or a comment. One of the guys that solved it is from Neon district. Ah, interesting, interesting. Neon district.
Speaker C: We got a new friend.
Speaker B: So sorry, am I. Am I supposed to know neon districts?
Speaker A: Neon districts? Yeah, neon districts. Like OG. They've been around since like 2017. 2018. They are the ones that did like the plasma barricade. Is this neon districts?
Speaker B: Is this Neon district?
Speaker C: Breaking news.
Speaker A: No, not neon district. We can't hear you, though.
Speaker D: Oh, man.
Speaker A: There you are.
Speaker C: I just don't think he was talking a bit.
Speaker D: Big whiff. I entered as the professional puzzle destroyer but you guys missed it.
Speaker A: That's awesome. All right, before we get to our next topics here, we did have a segment that I did want to play here. So we're gonna. We're gonna do. We're gonna do buy, sell, burn, and I'm gonna give you guys. I'm gonna give you guys three projects. And of the three, you're gonna have to buy one, sell one, and burn one. So we're gonna go right around the horn here. You're all gonna have the same project. So you better. So. So, you know, think on your feet here, but chamber. All right, here are the projects we're gonna buy, sell, or burn. Koala intelligence agency.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Sup, ducks?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: And Adam, bomb squad. Buy one, sell one, burn one. Yeah. We made it hard. There's not. I don't think there's the answer here. Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay. Do you want me to go first?
Speaker A: Yeah, you go first, and then we'll go premium carrots and des last.
Speaker C: All right, I'm going to buy. Sup, ducks?
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: I think is the buy right now.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: I'm going to sell atom bomb, and I'm going to burn koalas.
Speaker A: Oh, wow.
Speaker C: Because they're. While koalas are just riddled with, like, STD. I don't know if you know this about koalas. They're, like, dirtiest animal on the planet.
Speaker A: So you're actually just, like, burning the.
Speaker C: I'm just opposed to koalas. Yeah. Like, had it been any other.
Speaker A: I mean, you kind of look, have.
Speaker C: Koala also riddled with STD's. Just riddled.
Speaker A: All right, so you went. You. So you bought sup, ducts.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay. And then you burned Koala and sold atom bomb.
Speaker C: Correct.
Speaker A: All right. What are you doing, PC?
Speaker D: Well, given our. Given our new fantasy leak here, I'm gonna have to burn Adam. It's got to be a homer there. And I'm going to sell stop docs because we have a big floor, and I'm going to embrace and buy the Kia.
Speaker A: That's actually the exact one I would go with. The only reason first. Yeah. The only reason I'm not buying self ducts at the moment. They have a lot of cool stuff coming out. They have those partnerships with a new artist. They had the. The token come out all very bullish things. But, like, there's so many listed for sale, and it's like a huge wall from, like, where it is now at one to even two eth. So if you're buying it right now, it's a. There's a long way to go, right? So a lot of not like, the upside is capped a little at the moment, short term. And then the floor, I mean, obviously, if undercutting happens to start, you've got a long way down to possibly go. All right, Des, what are we going with you?
Speaker B: Well, man, I had to get an update on Kia because I just thought that floor was going to be a lot higher than it was. So it ran.
Speaker A: It ran all the way up. And it was, like, over an eth at one point. And even, like, pre reveal, it got to an eth, then reveal happened, kind of bounced around, and then there's been a little, you know, undercutting. I actually, side note, bought myself a koala today.
Speaker C: Maybe I'll buy one of those dirty.
Speaker B: I'm gonna stick to what I was thinking, which is so funny because we all had different scenarios. So I am going to. And it kills me because I actually do like the vibe at the atom bomb squad and everything and big name being in it. But I'm gonna burn Adam bomb squad, just from a standpoint. It's, you know, 20k mint. It's kind of had its run up. I'm sure they're gonna do some awesome partnerships, but I'm gonna burn that one more than that.
Speaker C: Isn't it, like 25k, man?
Speaker A: 25? Yeah, it's huge. But to be holding, like, a 0.3 floor is pretty impressive.
Speaker D: Very impressive.
Speaker B: Very impressive. So I'm gonna burn that one, and then I'm going to. I'm going to sell.
Speaker A: Shoot. You know what?
Speaker B: I'm calling an audible, total audible, seeing that floor. I'm going to burn Kia. I'm going to. I'm going to sell Adam bomb squad at that .3 floor, and then I'm buying sub ducts.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: All right, so the, we had. We had Eddie playing along in the chat. He said he's burning atom bomb. He's selling supps. And I guess that means he's buying.
Speaker C: Yeah. He's buying koala. Yeah.
Speaker A: Me and. Me and Eddie buying koalas, baby.
Speaker B: All you eat liquidity. Hungry people selling those subducts.
Speaker A: That's it.
Speaker D: They need their liquidity for that soul. I can't believe you guys didn't wait for me to talk about soul, man.
Speaker A: I don't want to talk about it. I was trying to get away from that conversation so goddamn fast, but yeah. Anyway, so bring up Spetty's comment, and then we'll get into Nft red zone stuff.
Speaker C: That's a comment here.
Speaker A: So have you seen, have you guys seen this? So the monkey dow. NFT. So obviously, beanie thing. There is casinos. So this one had a pretty big run up last week. Did you guys see the monkey dow thing? Yeah, for sure.
Speaker B: I don't know if he's being that quiet. I think he's being overly loud about metah, but I don't think he's being quiet about monkey dow. But, yeah, I took a look at it.
Speaker A: Sounds like there's a lot of chatter in the, in the chat about it. I haven't gotten myself into it. I just haven't had enough time to, like, really look into it. I know there's been a couple people in the, the Dgen war room that are into the monkey dow. I think Captain Zwingli is. Oh, yeah, ape and pony show. He's, he's down there in the chat here. He's, he's into monkey Dow. So I think it's an interesting concept, especially when you like anything that has, you know, a casino gambling type. Probably plays with some legal issues, but it's, but it taps into the hearts of all of us. DJ. All right, shall we, shall we switch gears a little, guys? I think we definitely need to do a little more of these market overview shows because this was fun to just, you know, shoot the shit about what's going on. Look at, you know, some of these projects, and we'll put together some more of these buy sell burn type segments, because I thought that was, that was fun, too. But switching gears, we've got premium carrots back on the show. So last time you saw premium carrots was for the riot racers drop, by the way, riot racers having another drop here tomorrow. Is that right, PC?
Speaker D: Yeah, it's seven p eastern. Eleven p UTC. We're gonna have 785 cars coming out, four new models. Gas station mechanic shop, racetrack land. We're actually introducing a new asset, too, which is billboards. Last time we just got slammed right at the zero zero.
Speaker A: And this time that's because you're on the mint condition.
Speaker D: I know it's good proof of concept for you guys. It's good selling material there, but we opt our resources like 20 x, and hopefully we won't be repeating history there.
Speaker A: Yeah, so I'm super excited about that. I actually bought a riot racer car yesterday. So there we go. Got in, got myself a. What did I get? A moon?
Speaker D: You got, like, the old car that's like out of Godfather or something. It's like where Sonny got shot in the Cosworth style car.
Speaker A: That's exactly the kind of car I wanted. So, I mean, if I had to pick, I'm like, from pulling up with a Tommy gun and just blasting away a donut shop somewhere. That's awesome. So what we have you on to talk a little bit about another project that you and I are involved in that will be hopefully launching next week. And that is NFT red zone. So it is fantasy football season back in full effect. Chamber is so excited about fantasy football that he the Saskatchewan Rough Riders are back playing.
Speaker D: CFL is no good.
Speaker A: Yeah. I don't know. Is the CFL any good?
Speaker C: No, CFL is fine. Like, but I mean, it's not the NFL, so I'm told. I freaking no clue. But yeah, no, it's. I heard something funny about the Saskatchewan rough Riders the other day and I can't remember, is that team.
Speaker A: I kind of.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah.
Speaker A: I wasn't sure if it was.
Speaker C: So they have a rivalry with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, and whenever they play together, it's called, I don't know, somebody had made. I forget. Basically it all stemmed from like, the team, the Winnipeg blue Bombers, calling them like, basically hillbillies. And it's like the hillbilly rivalry or something like that because they're just both absolute hit downs. If you're not from Ontario, you're not from Canada.
Speaker D: We should petition to have DMX be the Rough Riders, a mascot for that team. It'll draw more there.
Speaker A: Isn't DMX dead now? Yeah.
Speaker D: It'S just one of those shows. It's got to go through them all.
Speaker A: This is an in memoriam RFP DMX.
Speaker D: There's all kinds of stuff killing me.
Speaker A: Yeah. This show woke up and chose violence today.
Speaker B: Before depression. Whichever one.
Speaker A: Yeah, whichever one.
Speaker C: We need more baby time. We need more baby screen time. Turn this thing around.
Speaker A: Yeah. We need an innocent child to bring this thing back from the depths, but all right. NFT red zone. So a premium carrots brainchild here that we are in the middle of executing here. The idea is to hopefully launch it by next Wednesday and kind of is, what are the mechanics of it? How do you play the game and kind of what's at stake and what's in store for it?
Speaker C: So can you go over? Can you go over. I guess you glitched out a little bit. Can you go over the dates again real quick?
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. So the. So first of all, you can get on the whitelist now. So what, we're taking whitelist signups from now? Yep. From now until, you know, I think next Monday or Sunday and then you'll have anybody on the whitelist will have a chance to mint on the 21st and then the public mint will go on the 22nd. So fantasy football related, back in full swing. As we're talking about gambling and, you know, being DJ's, what better time than fantasy football time? So PC kind of talk about, you know, how you kind of thought about this idea and where it stemmed from.
Speaker D: Yeah, we're definitely living up to the namesake of DJ network here, which I love. You know, earlier you guys were talking about kind of over saturation in the market and like the bear market and stuff. And I think it's because there's just too many projects that are coming out that are kind of offering the same thing. And when we launch, or rather when captain launched this fantasy football league as part of the digital network, we have all these, you know, we have 16 different communities, we have all these great communities involved. I sat here and thought, you know, why wouldn't we basically make a trading card token that represents the league and use all of those proceeds to buy up the floors of all the different league members, give them out as prizes every week. People can follow along in the league. It's basically like a new kind of derivative or form of fantasy football. We have our representatives or 16 captains of the different projects that drafted these teams. So now people that are out in those communities, out in those discords of those projects, they can follow along through either owning an NFT token for that team or they can buy, sell, trade, pick up other ones, see which teams they think are going to be performing the best, scoop those up and have chances at great prizes. So like a high level. But really the way that it works is we'll be launching 7216 nfts. So there's 451 nfts per team. So there's 16 teams.
Speaker A: We have chamber. You want to bring up the, want to bring up that infographic real quick so we can kind of walk through that while. Before you get. Yeah, before you get into that though, let's, let's talk about some of the teams that are in this because destin, uh, Des just got a ass kicking at the hands of one DJ network for week one. So network one and oh, dez, dez representing goats zero and one. It was a hard fought game. It was, it was actually very close. Uh, we pulled it out at the end.
Speaker D: You just said you just sent Des and the goats to the forge, right? Is that what happened?
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. The buy, sell, burn forge and we're, we're forging, forging Des and the Goats this week one. So, but we have so degen, I have a, I have a team that I drafted. You, you drafted for riot racers as an employee over there. Well, we'll see. Des has a team with goats. We have v friends. We have sucducts. We have koala intelligence agency. We have. Who else do we have in this board?
Speaker D: Apes, gutter cats. We have g valsitive crypto cannabis club. We have Zed. We have glue factory. We have pretty much everyone.
Speaker C: That's, that's who you want. Those are those some good, good groups, I'm saying.
Speaker A: Oh, alien boy, we missed the Alien boys. We also have team Jenkins who put up the week one high score in the league. So Jenkins the valet. And how could we forget? We have also Royal Society of players is represented with NFTs Anonymous and Ziv and things like that. And then we also have last minute edition team personal corner, which is Des Bryant's project. So Des and money Mac are involved in this league, too, which makes it super fun to have some actual, you know, NFL representation in this fantasy league. So those are all the teams? Yeah, those are all the teams that are in this. So there's 16 teams, all represented by either, you know, founders of the community or big, you know, community members or community managers who have all drafted teams. And then based on that, this idea is giving all of the communities or anybody who wants to get involved an actual stake in like, the performance of the league from week to week. So, all right, let's go from the top here from this infographic PC.
Speaker D: Yeah. So again, we have like, we have 7216 total NFTs that we're going to be launching. So we have 16 teams in the league. And how that math works is that each team has 451 cards. Within each card we have six different positions. So we have head coach quarterback on down to flex. Each of those positions provide a different rarity. So you'll have a different amount of entries into our weekly prizes, giveaways that we do. So the total mint proceeds, well, 97% of the total mint proceeds are, is 490 ETH. We're taking all 490 ETH and we're going to be buying up nfts from all of the projects that participate in our league. So if you divide that out by 15 weeks of the season, we're looking at about 24 and a half, 25 ETH a week. Week to be buying up these projects, which is just freaking nuts. So, you know, some weeks you might be giving away like 100 and 5200 unraced dead horses you know, some weeks we might be giving away a few gutter cats or mutant apes. The prizes are going to be big and there's going to be a lot of them.
Speaker A: So that's, I think, actually the info. The infographic says there will be a fuck ton of prizes.
Speaker C: Is that metric or imperial?
Speaker A: Metric. It'll be a metric.
Speaker C: Metric time.
Speaker D: Thanks for that. Yeah.
Speaker A: So that. So what I think is really cool about this is that, you know, we are literally going to be taking all of the ETH from the mint, assuming, you know, no matter what it is. But assuming we sell out, it's 490 ETH, which is a crazy amount of prizes. So what is really cool, I think if you are one of these community members that's represented here by your team, uh, we're going to be buying up floors, right? So, like, all of these projects, you know, are going to be seeing some, some benefit here from just being in the league. So for, as a project, it's really cool. Um, because, you know, one, you're represented with all these other communities, there's going to be cool crossover trash talking all that with just in the fantasy league, but then, you know, we're going to be spending 24, 25 eth a week on, you know, going to buy 100 goats or, you know, like you said, 100 Zed horses and. And things like that. So to give back to those communities and, you know, maybe not even the people in those communities, maybe they'll be making new community members depending on who's holding those cards. Right.
Speaker C: So really cool if I hold, you know, a certain amount of, say, Zed. Zed horse cards, right? Because that. Am I understanding that correctly? I will have a quarterback, a head coach for the Zed team. I'm holding this. I know nothing about football. Like, you guys drafted the other day, I didn't know anybody, like, for the first two rounds, zero people, which are.
Speaker A: Like the ones you're supposed to know, right.
Speaker C: I was so upset. I'm like, how do I not know one of these people? So, yeah, I know nothing about football, but I'm 100% going to be. I'm already whitelisted, so I'm going to be getting some of these. So for a guy like me that knows nothing, I hold one of these and go, or Zed does. Well, I have some Zed cards and from what I'm understanding, are you guys buying up some Zed floors and then giving them out to the people that have those cards?
Speaker A: Correct. If you go down a little bit more on this infographic, it shows exactly how the game works. There you go. That game plan. Right? So, PC, you could kind of take it from here for, you know, the win and burn spot here as well as. Actually, we should probably go through the tiers, too.
Speaker D: Yeah, let's. Let's circle back to the tiers. Really, the way that we kind of thought this out or developed it is really to create a lot of, like, game theory and strategy throughout the year. So each week we're going to have a spotlight matchup. So we're going to represent every team in the league at least once. And on a spotlighted matchup, say our first one is, I think it's Arsop and board apes. So any matchup that's spotlighted are going to be the Communities and the projects that we're buying nfts from for the prizes. And then if you hold those cards and you hold the card of the winning team of that spotlight matchup, that's how you're going to be eligible for all the prizes.
Speaker C: Gotcha.
Speaker D: Separate of that, we're having a high scoring team, or each week we'll have a high score winner. So, like, to you chamber someone that doesn't follow football all that much, we actually have draft grades out that you can just look at. You can snipe. A few of the top graded, drafted.
Speaker C: Teams did not finish at the top of that list.
Speaker A: Koalas.
Speaker D: Like the top. If you scoop up the top three and hang on to them for the year, now, every week that they hit a high score, you're gonna be entered into the giveaway as part of this 25 e prize. So you can definitely do it passively. You can trade the heck out of it in week to week, pick up all the spotlighted games. You could look down the road and you could be buying spotlights that are coming up in the future that may be a little bit lower price now because they're not hitting right now.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker D: And then the big thing, too, is.
Speaker A: That, yeah, don't bury the lead here. Uh oh.
Speaker D: All right, all right. We're not going to bury the lead. But in addition to all these kind of different trading strategies and theories that one might use to have the best cards and give them the best opportunity to win, we also created a burn mechanism. So if you are hanging on to a card that you think that team is not performing well, maybe they have no more spotlights, aren't making the playoffs. You can burn that card and the first 1400 will get the mint cost back of 0.07. What I love about this concept is that say, like, my team as an example, I was one of the lower draft grades. Everyone starts burning riot right now, instead of being 451, the population of riot goes down to, like, 100 cards.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker D: And then I start, like, hitting a bunch of high scores. Well, instead of being, you know, one or five or ten, out of that 450, you're looking at only 100 people that you're going against. So now your probability of winning each week.
Speaker C: Yeah. Like full percentage chances.
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Which is. Which is really cool. So there's that kind of game theory in there. Not to mention also from, like, what these tokens will represent in the future, aside from fantasy football.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: We're gonna be doing other contests. Right. So you, like, either play, like, NFL playoff pools.
Speaker C: Like an NBA.
Speaker A: Yeah. Or like an NBA pool or the masters. And then, you know, these will serve as mint passes to all of that future stuff. Right. So.
Speaker C: So would we change, would you change the, like, the graphics on the NFT to represent whatever.
Speaker A: You know, there'll be. There will be new nfTs, but these are mint passes. These will serve as your mint pass. Right, so I see. Yeah. So you would end up having to burn them to use as a mint pass. Right.
Speaker C: So what would happen at the end of the year? Say, like, once, once the season's overdem, what happens to those?
Speaker A: So we'll be announcing our next, whatever our next contest might dig it in.
Speaker C: Am I.
Speaker A: So we'll be. It will be announced, which is likely. Either the NFL playoff pool will do something for the playoffs because fantasy season will be over, and then that'll lead into March Madness, masters, that type of year.
Speaker C: So when you say mint pass, it's just an automatic swap for whatever that new thing is. You don't have to necessarily.
Speaker D: It's access to a pre sale, really, for all of our next drops that are to come.
Speaker A: Yes, and that.
Speaker D: But we have a good question in chat if we want to bring that up, too.
Speaker C: Which one in particular you just yelled out at me?
Speaker D: Yeah, Eddie's most recent one.
Speaker C: Here we go.
Speaker D: So, yeah, does the floor buy and all correspond with the winning teams of that week? So each week we were going to spotlight two teams for a matchup. So if you hold the cardinal of both of those teams, you're going to have an automatic chance at that giveaway. If you hold the part of the winning team of that spotlight now, you're going to be entered into that giveaway.
Speaker C: Gotcha.
Speaker A: Yeah, the other thing, too. If you go from a, from a rarity tier standpoint where you see these tiers, there's, you know, the head coach.
Speaker C: I think.
Speaker B: I think Eddie might be asking a slightly different question. I might be wrong on this, but I think he's asking like, if goats never wins, which ain't happening. If goats never wins. Are you not buying goats floor?
Speaker A: No. So we'll, we'll. Good question. Actually. There's gonna have to be, right, because Djen's. Djen's team is gonna have to be spotlighted at some point and just so that we don't make the Djen cards worthless. Right. So that. That's where we'll have some. That's where we'll have some liberty to kind of create whatever.
Speaker C: You guys just buy my bags. That would be great.
Speaker A: Well, if you're. If you have any of these 616 team bags. But yes. So the answer is yes and no. Right? Like, the spotlight will be. If you want to bring up the other infographic there, chamber, it'll show you.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think to his question. Thanks for clarifying, Des. Whoever. Spotlight. We're buying both of those projects up. You just get to participate in those giveaways by having the winning card of that spotlight. But if we're. If we're spotlighting gutter cats and board apes, which happens to be like a week or six or seven matchup, that's a big headlining matchup, we're buying both projects NFTs up to give away.
Speaker A: Yes. And you won't. You just won't win. You won't be eligible unless you're holding the winning team. Right.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: So if goats loses, guess what the, uh, the other teams get. The other teams getting some goats. So there you go. But, uh, I. What I think is really cool about, you know, some of that stuff we just talked about was the burning piece. Right. Because like you said, it could decrease the supply of a certain team. And what we did bury the lead on is what the grand prize is here. Right? So if you're holding the card of the team that wins the championship, right. So say team Djen wins the championship and you are holding Djen cards. The grand prize is a board ape. So somebody will win a boy. Yes. For real?
Speaker C: Fool around. That's not fooling around.
Speaker B: This is real. This is incredible.
Speaker C: That's a real prize.
Speaker A: Wow. That is.
Speaker D: I think bunch used the term fuck time before. We're not.
Speaker C: Yeah. Metric. Metric.
Speaker D: Yeah, several metric.
Speaker A: So if you're holding. So this goes to kind of like the. The long game, right, where. Okay, I'm analyzing what these teams are every week and. And looking at. See, you know, who has the best chance to win this thing? Maybe I'm scooping up a couple teams. So I'm in the. So I'm in the running. Maybe I'm scooping up the higher rarity ones of certain teams I like more than others. Because you see this QB card here on this infographic, right? You see how it's in like the PSA slab here. Yeah. So these are, these are rarer versions. These are rarer versions of the card. Right. So the QB card has a rare, is a high rarity in and of itself. But in each of these positions, there will be one slabbed card per team. And if you have the slab card, it's a, it's a two x multiplier of what your tickets are. Right. So if you have the Slab QB card here of Cannabis Club, that is actually worth ten entries into the, into the prize pool that week for if the cannon club is the winner. Right.
Speaker C: So is that what the ten represents right here?
Speaker A: Yes. Okay, well it's yes and no, right? It's actually a PSA ten grade, but yes, that's the same thing. But the. So point being, right, if you're playing the long game here and you want the most chances to win the board ape, it could behoove you to have a, you know, a slabbed card of the quarterback. Right. Though, because those will be super valuable. You'll have ten chances to win, you know, if you're holding the championship team there other thing too is there the head coach card works as almost like a wild card. So if you hold one of. There's only 16. If you hold one of the 16 head coach cards, you are in every drawing all the time, no matter what. Right. So that is your kind of trump card. There's only 16 of them. They will be very rare to get. But the reward for having one will be that you are, you have a very high, I would say, positive expected value here on what these giveaways are. Right. So that's another cool nuance here. But this is an example of what we're looking at for like a spotlight matchup. So PC, walk us through kind of week three here.
Speaker D: Yeah. So week three is we're kicking off with the bang with bored apes and arsop. We decided to go with mutant apes just because we're giving away a board ape for the grand prize. And with 25 ETH budget, we want to have multiple prize. We can't buy one board ape, so we're buying two mutant apes. That's going to be the high scoring prize. And we're going to be getting 71 Arsop Royal Society cards pretty much each week. How this works is that, like, the home team will be the spotlighted prize that we're buying and the away team will be the high scoring prize that we're buying. That might change if a team is represented twice. We'll kind of flip them. But. So in week one, that's what we're giving away. And your probability with just one card of winning the spotlight prize for sort of winning a Royal Society of players card is almost 30%, 29.5% probability. By owning just one cardinal mid to zero seven, you hold entire Handsworth. You're looking pretty good. Your ev is positive for sure. And that's just in the first week. So pretty like each week we are changing up. We're gonna. As you go on, like week four, we have 20 g vols. 180 goats. Week 5170, unraced zed horses.
Speaker A: Six up ducks des, are there even 180 goats left? Where are they all? Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. You guys better buy those quickly.
Speaker A: That's funny, but, yeah, like you said. So you could see here, and this is based on these numbers and percentages are based on the current floor prices. So obviously this is all subject to change. A little bit of change, but not. It shouldn't change too much. Right.
Speaker D: So, no, it won't. And I would say, you know, it might change in the future, maybe based on community kind of sediment. If we're sick of seeing, you know, 180 of a project for some reason, maybe we go bigger, right? Like, look at week six. We have six board ape kennel clubs and five gutter rats that we're giving away.
Speaker C: Right?
Speaker D: So maybe. Maybe people want to see more of those weeks. That's fine. And maybe. Maybe we enjoy that positive ev on, you know, 200 of a project being given away.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's awesome. And then, you know, so that covered, like, youre spotlight matchup and your highest scoring team of the week. And that's kind of what we're looking at here. However, there's going to be other ways to win as well. Right? So, you know, from a, the idea is to give kind of this daily fantasy feel to a year long league amongst all of these communities. Right? And so how do you do that? Right. We can do a lot of stuff here with, like, proph. Like prop challenges. Right? So, okay, now you don't have any cards in the spotlight matchup, and we put out a challenge that says, okay, if you're holding the card of the highest score of the team with the highest scoring wide receiver of the week. Right now you're looking at, okay, let me look at all the wide receivers in the league. Who's got a good matchup in fantasy, who's going to be, you know, scoring high, and maybe you go pick up that card. Right. And those are another way that we can implement prizes here. So a lot of really cool kind of DF's challenge style stuff that we can, you know, incorporate into the game mechanic here. And then, you know, like as you said, there's a really that kind of prevents a little bit too or presents you also with a decision on whether or not to burn my token. Right. Because you may be able to play a prop challenge that way without if you. But you couldn't if you burn it. Right. So lots of other cool, cool things here. What, uh, what did we miss here? PC anything?
Speaker D: No, I think we're getting it. It's just gonna be a lot of strategy. Once you start thinking about it, I think we're gonna find a lot of unique kind of buying, selling strategies that people will be doing. And I think anyone that's played fantasy football, however your team looks in the beginning of your is not what your team looks like at the end of the year. That's almost a guarantee. So chamber, if you start buying up quality, just be careful. You might need some, some intel there as the season goes on because once they're running back wide receivers out and injured, that landscape is going to look a lot different.
Speaker C: No, that's a good point.
Speaker D: Yeah. Like the long term hold strategies. You know, if QUALLA's the best team, it might make a lot of sense to just pocket one koala for a while, but once the injuries happen, they might not look as good. So I think everyone will have to be quick on their feet and making TradinG. What's actually one thing we didn't talk about, what's going to be really interesting is we're going to be announcing. So we'll be doing the random DraWing and announcement of the card or the NFT id on Tuesdays, but we're not actually going to provide or transfer over until Wednesday. So from Tuesday to Wednesday, those cards that won might be in the market and, or maybe someone owns a card that is a winner and they want to put market for whatever, you know, say they win a gutter rat and they're like, you know, I don't want a gutter rat. Let me just throw it up at the floor at one five and take the payday. That could be happening. So there's going to be a lot of interesting kind of, again, like strategy going on throughout, throughout the week and season.
Speaker A: Yeah, I love it. And then in the chat, we had a couple good questions here from worm. I just posted an article that we put out from DGEn today that kind of recaps everything that we just talked about. So feel free to check that out as well. We'll post that in the link to the show notes and everything. But he had some really, he or she had some good questions here. Where can you follow the fantasy league scoring and see each team's roster? So, PC, you want to touch on that real quick?
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, our discord is going to be crazy active. We'll definitely each, each Sunday and each week every team has their own channel, so there'll be like a lot of strategy going on. If you're a card holder, you're going to want to go into that channel the discord, provide input, you know, give intel on trades, on free agent pickups, all that good stuff. But we'll be posting matchups and scoring the discord. And then our website will also have each team's rosters, how they were drafted, and it will be upkeep live. So anytime you want to go check out a roster for a week, you know, say you like, I don't know, you like Count Ridley on the week or you like MacLaurin and you want to go see what team that players on, you can go head over to our website and scoop up that, that roster.
Speaker C: I have no idea. The names that you just said. Who are those people?
Speaker A: All right, well, chamber chamber. Interesting question. Yeah, interesting question here for you. So you're not a, you're not a fantasy guy or. Sorry, you're not a football guy?
Speaker C: Football guy.
Speaker A: How, how does this project appeal to you as not a football fan?
Speaker C: No, it's amazing. I mean, it's, it's fantastic. Um, I mean, I, you know, PC, you said earlier, you know, the, the amount of saturation that we're getting were from projects that were similar. So similar to other ones. Right? I mean, it just, I mean, kind of. It's kind of like riot races, right? It's just different. Obviously not like right races, but in the sense that it's completely different than everything else. I love the utility. You guys really thought like this. There's so much, there's so many layers that are impressive to me that play to the degenerate gambler side. Who loves fantasy football? Who loves fantasy sports like the prop side, but also to the NFT collector. So I think it's such a wide net you guys are casting with, you know, like a quality. With quality work. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yeah. Thanks, Des. As league owner, I think we. I guess we should drop a nugget here as an incentive for league owners. Right? So somebody asked me earlier and I thought it was a good question, is there any incentive for league owners to tank or lose on purpose? And the answer to that is absolutely not. And here's why. One, you are representing your entire community, so you don't want to let team goats down from a bragging rights perspective. But two, out of the operating budget of what our secondary sales might bring in, we have designated for each 25% of our supply that we sell out, we're putting one eth towards the Mat league managers prize pool. So you'll be playing for a potential four ETH prize pool to incentivize the league managers so that you're making the best decisions for each of these community teams. Right. So the founders are putting that up. It won't come out of the mint. That all goes to the prizes. We're putting that up as incentive for you guys to keep running your league or your team as best you possibly can so that people, you know, can, can really get into this league. So what are your thoughts there, Des? You ready to play for Samit?
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, regardless, you got a room full of 16 people that have incredible pride in the projects that they own. They're not throwing games, so that's just not happening.
Speaker C: Is Gary v a captain, by the way?
Speaker A: Gary B. Is involved. Yeah, he's, he was. So he, he didn't draft his team, but he's involved. So he actually we dm'd him. He was like, I love the idea. Get involved.
Speaker C: How could you not love the idea? This is where I would imagine this is something.
Speaker B: I hope you bought that v friend before yesterday.
Speaker A: We didn't. So we might be having to.
Speaker C: Extra for you.
Speaker A: Yeah, we'll see about that. I don't know, but so that, that's, that's the project there. So I think that's a good place to wrap up. We can clip this and put it in discord for anybody who joins in and might miss and. But thank you, PC. Anything else that we missed there that you wanted to mention before we, we get out of here?
Speaker D: We're giving away an epic one of one trophy to the league winner that will be transferred each year and in Opensea and on EBC scan, you'll be able to see the transfer of ownership history there.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's cool.
Speaker C: Did you guys work out any sort of, like, punishments for last place?
Speaker A: There's a lot of trash talk going on.
Speaker C: You should be able to burn one thing out of there. Out of their wallet.
Speaker A: Out of their wallet. Oh, that's. Oh, my God.
Speaker D: Imagine.
Speaker A: That's crazy. Yeah, I'll just burn. I'll just burn your board. Ape.
Speaker C: See anything under five e? Anything under five east?
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: That's fair. That's. That's fun. That's fun.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker C: All right. I like the punishment stuff.
Speaker A: I did. I ran into it league. I ran a punishment league for quite a number of years, and I lost twice, so it was not great. I had to eat cat food live on stream. Two cans. That was fun. I had to get a pet fish. Somebody had to get a fathead of the winner and put it on their wall for a year. One year we did. We made the loser do five minutes of stand up comedy at an open mic. All kinds of fun stuff, so. But, yeah, that's fantasy football. We love it. We've built a really fun, I think, project and concept around it, and we're looking forward to hopefully getting everybody involved in the next couple weeks here. So, PC, thank you very much for coming on. I think we're running. Yeah, absolutely. We're running a little long, so we are going to wrap this thing up. Des, any goats updates before we go this time?
Speaker B: Yeah, we got our first big giveaway for our access utility token tonight. Giving away some gutter rat passes or gutter cat passes and a gauntlet and a goat. But, yeah, we got a lot of good stuff coming in the month of September and then some big news that will release that is going to come in October, so lot to come.
Speaker C: Exciting.
Speaker A: Cool chamber. Are all your projects doing well?
Speaker C: They're all doing great.
Speaker A: Good.
Speaker C: Project one, get high.
Speaker A: There you go. All right, thank you, everybody, for tuning in. That's going to do it for us. And until next time, stay mint.
