Speaker A: Hello and welcome to episode 14 of the Mint Condition. I am Joe, aka Bunch. You bets alongside my esteemed colleagues and co hosts, Chamber and des Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: I'm doing pretty good, um, actually, I got my arms a little sore. I got my first shot of the, uh, you know, the vaccine today in Canada. We're about like seven years behind you guys, I think, um, so crazy, but I got my first shot. So I do feel, you know, do feel pretty good about myself. I was saying, I was saying prior to recording, I think that's a good meetup spot if you're a single person, maybe for those looking for that additional incentive to get the vaccine, I think if you're single, I think it's a good place to meet people, you know?
Speaker A: Tell me why you think that.
Speaker B: Well, first of all, you're eliminating a lot of the unknown. So, like, when you meet somebody new, you, you don't know if they're crazy. I think right away you see somebody getting a vaccine, you can kind of dial back the amount of crazy they could potentially be for both the person you are maybe courting and yourself. Right. For them.
Speaker A: Right. Okay, so you're both reasonable folks getting the vaccine.
Speaker C: Non conspiracy theories, you know?
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. I mean, I'm all for a good conspiracy theory, but, you know, within reason. The other thing too is, I don't know about you guys, but we, after you get your shot, I got put into kind of like a area where you're just sitting alone for about 15 minutes just to let the stuff go on.
Speaker A: Yeah. Make sure you don't have a reaction.
Speaker B: Right. But you're within talking distance to at least, you know, four or five people. So if you do happen to be.
Speaker A: Speed dating, 15 minutes to talk to.
Speaker B: People, I feel like that's a good amount of, I don't know, just throwing it out there. If you're on the fence about getting the vaccine, maybe that's. Maybe that's you meet you meet your person.
Speaker A: Des, how you doing, man?
Speaker C: I'm doing good. I'm so addicted to nfts, though. It's just straight up fact at this point.
Speaker A: I just said, I just said before the show that I just have thousands and thousands of dollars tied up in illiquid nfts. We're going to talk a little bit today at the end of the show about the NFT graveyard. The ones that don't make it. We have, I think all of us have them. You know, we're in this weird drop culture now with nfts and all this and just everything. But so there's just so much fomo that goes on and there's a lot of that goes on. And, you know, for every ten you buy, you probably have two or three total duds, I would think, right. You know, so at least if you're lucky.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: You know, and it's hard to know what's going to be good and what's not going to be good. And so, you know, we're going to go through chambers, NFT, graveyard. What's up, Ben? We are live also, so get your comments in. What's going on, Ben? Big board ape action today. We've got some. Let's, let's start there. So we had a land sale on sandbox today. So, so chamber, did you try to buy any land?
Speaker B: It was at 09:00 a.m. i got my kids at home. I'm trying to homeschool. I got no time at 09:00 a.m. and as you'll see later, I got my fair share of land, so I didn't need any additional pieces along the way. But actually, before we get going, we just want to make sure that people are, if you're watching on YouTube like that, subscribe, share on Twitter. We gotta get these people. I feel like we don't have enough, we don't have enough cred across all platforms. So we need to make sure people are pumping us because I feel we should have at least a million followers by now and we're just shy of that. So.
Speaker A: The other thing, too. But, you know, we're gonna talk a little sandbox today. But if you want to know all there is to know about sandbox, we're actually having Sebastian, the founder of Sandbox, on next week, will be doing a show Friday with him. So that will be a lot of fun. We'll get to get all of our sandbox questions out, but maybe we should do that show live and get people's sandbox questions right in the chat. We could potentially do that as well. But, but, Des, I actually had a work conference call today at 09:00 so I was geared up and ready to go. I had participated in one of the drops before, so I kind of knew what was going to happen. And, you know, if you blinked, you missed it. It was gone. There was 900, I think, total parcels, 400. 400 premiums and, or maybe it was 900 regular, 400 premiums and some estates and it was gone within 30 seconds. Des, you were able to snag one, right?
Speaker C: Yes. I got extremely lucky. I knew I wanted to grab a property, you know, adjacent to the bored apes, because that's the only reason why I did it today. I have land as well, but I wanted land close to the bored apes estate. So I'm, you know, I was super fortunate. The first one I tried instantly went purple like before I even could click on it. So I just went to another one that was adjacent, bought it, paid for the extra gas. I think that's the tip that saved me today. Paid the extra gas, and was able to secure it. So I have yacht club for front property. Oh, yeah, property. And I already have an idea of what I want to do with the parcel. So I'm super excited.
Speaker A: That's awesome. So we check out this comment. Bondoi says he exchanged emails with Sebastian. He said all of them were tagged for booking within 10 seconds. That was, I mean, I had no chance. I had no shot. And I, you know, I don't know. There's rumors that there were some botting going on. I'm not really sure if that's true or not.
Speaker B: 10 seconds. Seems bodied.
Speaker A: I could see that there. I could see, you know, there are.
Speaker C: A couple people that purchased multiple parcels today. So there's got to be some body.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think I saw somebody hit like nine or so.
Speaker C: I saw as much as 17 in that area.
Speaker A: 17? Whoa.
Speaker B: Really?
Speaker A: That's wild. So, I mean, this was. Let's talk about the demand for sandbox. Cause this was. I was surprised that it went this fast. Were you, Des?
Speaker C: I mean, obviously we were. We were, you know, we were kind of bullish on sandbox about two months ago now. And, you know, at that time, they were going through a previous public sale, and things were sitting, I mean, for days, weeks, you know, they made it through the entire sale. They made it through the entire sale without selling premium lands. And then they had to sell them for the cheap. They had to convert premium lands to just normal lands and sell them for cheap. That did sell out really quickly, but this is a whole different experience. I mean, they listed the premium lands and everything sold within, like you said, 10 seconds. That is exponential demand.
Speaker A: Now, why do you think today was different than what we've maybe seen so far in our sandbox experience?
Speaker C: I have been saying this from the get go. The reason why I'm bullish on sandbox, as opposed to some other metaverses is their partnerships. They just crush it with who they are partnering with. And some big, big partners came out today from all different genres, art, culture. You got bored apes, you got dead mouse, you got RF, TK. I'm saying that wrong.
Speaker A: I think it's artifact.
Speaker C: Artifact. Thank you.
Speaker B: It's like craft.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's like craft.
Speaker C: It's so ironic that I passed that up. So artifact. That makes sense now. Artifact sneakers, they bought a big estate. So, you know, I think it was just the right partnerships for today. Drove the demand, and you can see it on discord and on twitter. People want land near their favorite, you know, companies and brands, so.
Speaker A: Yeah, and I think the. The bored apes were out in full force trying to buy land today. Let's talk about bored apes for a minute here. So, I don't know. I've been. I've been, you know, Chamber is hashtag not a community member. He's not the type of guy that likes that whole atmosphere. He. He doesn't want to be a bag holder. He doesn't want to be a community.
Speaker B: Member, even though I've become one every single time.
Speaker A: Yeah, but. But it's not your thing. But I've got to say, I mean, what's going on with bored apes is pretty unbelievable.
Speaker B: I mean, I will say this, though, saying all that about me. My favorite nft at the moment is, by far, board apes. Like, it's the coolest one, I think the best community. Even though, again, I don't like being a community member. I know good communities when I see them, and that does seem like a good community.
Speaker A: Chamber hates friends.
Speaker B: Don't have any in real life, literally. Des and Joe are my only two friends at the moment. My wife barely likes me. My kids hate me. I mean, it's, you know, I got. I lived a dream, but, I mean.
Speaker A: We'Re seeing so much happen within the bored ape community. It's pretty phenomenal. Like, you're seeing side projects spring up, you're seeing businesses come about, you're seeing meetups happen, you're seeing talk of conferences and things like that. Des, what are your thoughts on what we've seen so far from bored apes? Because it was one of those projects that obviously went super viral very quickly. But a lot of those happen, and they die down. And you also see just from a price action standpoint of what they're worth, and you see them spike, you see them fall and maybe never recover. I bet you we have all seen those, right? But neither of that is happening with. Neither of those things are happening with bored apes. So what are your thoughts, Des, on what we're seeing?
Speaker C: It's an unparalleled community. I mean, the closest thing you can get to it, I think is like the cryptopunks community, but even then I don't feel them interacting with each other about cryptopunks as much. You know, they're just a community of owners. This, like you said, everyone wants to start their own side project. Everything. Everyone wants to build upon this platform. And I think it's, it's incredible. It's, it's totally different in our space. And like you said, the financials of it, the floor just keeps going up, it's steadily climbing and inventory is so down. Like, if you want to find like a really cool looking ape, don't get me wrong, all apes look great, but if you want to find a really good looking ape, it's hard as hell to track one down right now. The inventory on Opensea is just so low because people buy one and then they want to keep it and be a part of that community.
Speaker A: I.
Speaker C: The dispersion right now, I don't know the most recent facts, but it's incredible how many people just own one.
Speaker A: Well, there's, yeah, I mean, there's a total of, I think we had 3000 individual owners. So that's a project like this. Yeah, like 3000 people at least own one. Over 3000 people.
Speaker B: How many total apes are there?
Speaker A: 10,000.
Speaker B: 10,000 apes. Like, it's literally the only one that I had on sale for a certain price and after, I don't know, a few days and I'm like, I don't think I want to sell it. And I, it's the only one that I, that I don't have for sale.
Speaker A: I actually need to delist one I have because the floor is creeping up to it.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: I have, I have three total apes and I had listed one and I've decided I don't want to because I'm almost at the price.
Speaker C: I'm actually, I was looking this morning to buy in two more. So I mean it, it continues.
Speaker A: But yeah, what is the. So we got a comment here. Bored ape merch sale going on Saturday. So that's pretty cool. That is coming out directly from the bored ape yacht club and it's a members only merch sales.
Speaker B: Can I get a bored ape members only jacket?
Speaker A: Members only jacket.
Speaker C: Yeah, I was thinking of that literally yesterday. If I so randomly. I grew up with horse racing in Zed and I catch a lot of shit for it. Why? I also grew up with the yacht club like a sailor. Like I sailed my whole life.
Speaker A: What is this guy? Who is this guy?
Speaker C: I sailed my whole life. And the very nautical jackets are like members only jackets.
Speaker A: And so NyJetlife says he has a blue members only jacket. I dig it. Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker C: So I think that would be an awesome idea. That's like, I would be so down for that.
Speaker A: That's funny. What is, uh, what's your favorite side project you've seen spin off so far of bored ape?
Speaker C: Um.
Speaker A: Hmm. I got one that came out.
Speaker B: Who are the ones that are animate? I've been seeing like animated ones on Twitter. Is that a thing or is that just people kind of fooling around?
Speaker A: I think people are working on a ton of stuff with animated ones. The coolest thing I've seen so far is somebody's actually making board ape beer.
Speaker C: Oh, the IPA. I just saw that a couple minutes ago.
Speaker A: Yeah, they're, they're making board a beer, which is pretty cool. So that's fun.
Speaker B: And why jet life says the rigs? I don't know what that is.
Speaker A: Oh, mafia squad. I don't know. I don't know what the rigs is, but we'll have to look into it. The, you know, but I just think there's so much potential with what you can do with these because that's the.
Speaker B: Character animation, by the way.
Speaker A: Oh, got it. Okay.
Speaker B: Thanks, John.
Speaker A: The, just the fact that there is the full commercial rights of it. Right. And you know that. Plus I think the, as you said, the dispersion of owners. Right. Like the fact that there's 3000 people that really actively own these that are all kind of like minded and want to do something bigger in the space. And this is a crazy way to get connected with people. There's the bored ape directory where people have submitted their profiles for people to collaborate with, which is pretty cool. Yeah. Which is cool. And then I did a little project with the help of one of the guys, crypto Jack, where we looked up all of the known board ape holders on Twitter and I tried to get a measurement of what the overall reach was and we were able to see that there was, this was only at 1250 apes, that there were over 4.5 million collective followers of the apes Twitter accounts. Right. So I mean, when you think about what that could really mean for getting behind these projects and or maybe even other projects or companies wanting to work and collaborate with Ford Ape as a brand, I mean, that's huge, huge, huge social reach that is extremely valuable.
Speaker B: Do we know who the most kind of popular board pranks?
Speaker C: Yeah, he's one of the biggest owners as well.
Speaker A: Yeah. Uh, pranksy is probably one of the bigger ones. Blau has a bunch.
Speaker B: Um, but no, you know, celebrity, like turtle from entourage or anything.
Speaker A: Uh, I don't know. Well, uh, uh, I I wouldn't be surprised if Josh Hart ends up with a board ape. Yeah, his. His entourage has some apes going. Yeah, Matty ice has. Has an ape. That's true. I wouldn't be surprised if Josh Hart ends up with an ape at some point. But, yeah, I just think it's, you know, it's one of those ones that you can actually be engaged with every day, even though all it is is an avatar. You know what I mean? Like, because of how strong the community is working together with stuff.
Speaker C: So I was talking about this to someone earlier today, which is, like, kind of funny. You know, at the time, I did kind of feel bad for the founders of Vord Eight, because. And I say this relatively, but, you know, they. They made $2.8 million on the drop.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker C: Mebits comes out the next day, makes 78 million. Right. And so I was like, God, you know, bored apes have just as much impact now, way more than me. Bits of. And they only made 2.8 million. But you see the power of their brand and the leverage that you just talked about, their community reach. If they learn how to monetize that and partner with.
Speaker A: I'm sure this drop is. Or the merch they'll do pretty well on, I would think. Right. If you're ape, you're probably going to want some zero chance.
Speaker C: I'm not trying to buy that, you know?
Speaker A: Right, exactly. So there's another chance, and I think you'll see a ton of partnerships and things with them that they'll get to keep monetizing. But it's just. I mean, it's pretty cool chamber. You just haven't made bored ape your. Your profile picture yet, though.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: Sticking with.
Speaker B: Yeah, I respect it.
Speaker C: I respect it. I respect that.
Speaker B: I also find it just confusing, too, sometimes. Like, I don't know who everybody is, and then they changed it to their bored ape. And, you know, I barely know when it's you bunch, you know, it's.
Speaker A: I know, I know. That's all right. Now you can just like things because of the merit of my content. That won't happen. So, one of the other things that was cool, we saw. I see a comment here. Thoughts on the camels. So did you guys get a camel? Have you seen the camels? Have you? Have you?
Speaker C: I got my free one, and then I bought two others.
Speaker A: Oh, you did?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: I was shocked.
Speaker C: I was shocked to actually get an offer to sit with someone to buy my free camel.
Speaker A: Um, apparently my camp, my free one's fairly rare. Uh, I got my free one, and I have a couple pretty rare traits on mine. And, uh, so I'm pretty pumped about my dang camel. And it sounds like chamber. Didn't know you could get a free camel.
Speaker B: No, I didn't know I could get a free camel, but this is, this.
Speaker A: Is the, you know, one of the cool things is, is the, you know, creator of the camels partnered with borrow, like, not partnered with, but offered a free one to any board ape verified holder. And, you know, that just goes to show how big the, you know, the influence there could be. I think he doesn't even want to jet.
Speaker B: I'm with jet life.
Speaker A: I think they're kind of cool. And I don't know, but, I mean, I'll take a free one all day for sure. I don't know. I see, I see. Is the merch fiat or eth? I'm not sure. Do we know that? I would. I don't know.
Speaker C: Think it's fiat.
Speaker A: I would think so, too, but it.
Speaker C: Takes a, it takes a while.
Speaker B: It's hard. It's hard to, to offer product using, using any sort of cryptocurrency, whether it's either bitcoin or whatever, unless you have that integrated into your website. I've seen some people do it, obviously, being on the crypto side a little bit more. There are some people that do it, but there's definitely not a lot.
Speaker C: If anyone could do it, though, it would be because they are a bunch of coders and friends that they could do it themselves. But it is quite a challenge to get crypto through any of the normal payments.
Speaker A: I always think it's.
Speaker B: I always think it's easiest just to. If you want to pay in crypto, just accept, like a US or a USDC coin or, you know.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: Like, just, it's. That's easy enough. You can convert your eth to that and it, you know, it's pegged. And because I do think some of the issue is on the business side. Like, okay, I get bitcoin or I get ethereum. Well, you know, what if we had a day like we had last week where, you know, there was a. There's a lot of pain for those of you who are.
Speaker A: Yeah, we didn't even, we didn't even cover that. I feel like that's newsworthy on this show, too, because everything that we transact in is ethereum. So chamber. I'll let you take that one. So how are you feeling? Because you have, you have some interesting views on this because, you know, you're a crypto first guy. Nft second guy. And so how did you feel when you were seeing your Ethereum price go down versus what you were holding? All that kind of stuff.
Speaker B: So in a way, on the Ethereum side. So I don't just hold Ethereum, I hold a bunch of different cryptocurrencies and everything got affected.
Speaker A: You hold any Solana?
Speaker B: I do hold. I do hold a tremendous amount of Solana and yet I don't have a sweater.
Speaker A: Um, I got my, I got my Solana influencer swag pack yesterday.
Speaker B: So infuriating.
Speaker A: I've made it. I am officially an influencer. I've gotten something for free. There you go.
Speaker B: Very upsetting to me.
Speaker A: The only thing I've got for free, that and a camel.
Speaker B: So, um. So yeah, I have a lot of cryptocurrencies. They all got affected last week very severely. Bitcoin took a big, massive dump. And when that happens, all the other altcoins and all the other cryptocurrencies follow suit. Ethereum was one of them. But a lot of my Ethereum holdings are in various nfts, which it might sound counterintuitive, is not necessarily a bad thing. If, for example, you spent two Ethereum three weeks ago when it was $4,000 and you bought Zed. Say you bought Zed run horses. Well, if now Ethereum is worth $2,000, let me pull it up here. Whatever it is, let's say it's worth.
Speaker A: $2,000, it's like 2700 right now.
Speaker B: So what should happen is you should see the ethereum price of those things. If you're looking to resell your nfTs, go up to match the USD value that it used to be three weeks ago.
Speaker A: So theoretically, or at least say the same, at the very least, at very.
Speaker B: Least stay the same, but you should be able to recoup some of that ethereum value. So to Ethereum is now for Ethereum, you know what I mean? So for the same USD price. So if you are selling your nfts, you might see a better, or you should see a better ethereum relative value. So I don't know if all people are seeing that, but it's something to keep an eye on.
Speaker A: What are your thoughts there, Des?
Speaker C: Yeah, I was pleasantly not worried during time of the crash for that exact reason.
Speaker A: No, no, no.
Speaker C: I mean, for that exact reason is I felt kind of good. I did. I was holding a little bit of USDC at the time. I was holding a good amount of nfts, I was holding a good amount of Ethereum. And it all just seemed to kind of like, wash each other out. So I was like, you know, I feel, I guess that's the power of a good diversified portfolio is you don't feel those hits as much.
Speaker B: We should all go to our financial advisors, say I've diversified my portfolio amongst different shit, coins and all.
Speaker A: Crypto.
Speaker B: I barely felt any pain last week, honestly.
Speaker C: I felt more pain from the actual stock market. So, you know, it's, you know, I. It's gonna happen. It was gonna happen, right. We were getting to an unrealistic place, in my opinion. I had kind of like projections of 4k for like July, and we had hit it early May. And I was just so ten k.
Speaker B: Baby, it's all $10,000 Ethereum.
Speaker C: This is not financial advice, but I completely agree.
Speaker A: Financial advice sticker up there, please.
Speaker C: Eventually gonna happen. So. But no, I agree with chamber. I don't think it's necessarily a bad thing. I think Zed is the best, you know, case of that because prices are marked as dollars when they do the drops. And so people have a real sense of like, oh, that horse costs $20,000. So when eth drops in price, people are still thinking someone paid $20,000, not someone paid, you know, 4.5, Ethan. So I think that's the best case.
Speaker B: You know, scenario, theoretically, the floor for, like, I always kind of go back to cryptopunks, you know, two weeks ago, the floor was what we say, 80 or $90,000. Does that sound right? I guess. I mean, I guarantee the floor is not that anymore, but it should creep back up to that versus Ethereum. So say it went from 80,000 to 60,000. Well, say it creeps back up to 70,000. You're still gonna get more ethereum than you would add at $80,000.02 weeks ago. So I would rather if I am selling collect more ethereum over time, because I just have a feeling that over time, USD or Fiat is going to go one way and Ethereum is going to go the other way or whatever you're using.
Speaker A: Yeah, I agree. So let's talk about Zed. We've touched on said a couple times here in this last couple comments, but there is some, there was some big, big zed news that came out, uh, this past.
Speaker B: There's some fake news as well. I got confused with the news on Zed.
Speaker A: Well. Well, what? I don't know. What is your. What is what?
Speaker C: You hear?
Speaker A: Yeah, what is your fake news?
Speaker B: What's.
Speaker A: Start with your fake news and then I can tell you if you're right.
Speaker B: I saw something about the. The, uh, monastery. Is that.
Speaker A: What the hell are you talking about?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker C: Shut up, Bunchy. Just let him go. What about this monastery?
Speaker A: Yes, tell us more about the monastery.
Speaker B: So I thought, I read on Twitter that there was, like, a new program for the Zed run horses. It's gonna sound stupid, but you could send them to a monastery as, like, a burn, and then you would get, like, a robe as a coat for the remaining.
Speaker A: You're so goddamn gullible.
Speaker B: But then I read it was fake news. That's all I said. That's like, is this the fake news?
Speaker A: Well, yes, that is fake news.
Speaker B: I did say it was fake news, but I did think it was slightly real when I first read it.
Speaker A: As far as I know, there is no monastery to send your horses to, to burn.
Speaker B: It looked fairly legit when I saw it.
Speaker A: Go ahead, Des. You look like you wanted to weigh in on the monastery.
Speaker C: Not a horrible idea.
Speaker A: No, no. I think you're going to start for. You're probably going to see something like that in the future, but it'll probably be for, like, Des Token or, you know, something of that. I don't know if you're going to get a horse cloak.
Speaker C: Yeah, like, I'll tell you what, I'll start that up right now. I've been experimenting with some NFT projects. I'll create a burn wallet. You send your. You send your horse, your glue factory, horses sperm wallet, and I'll email you a physical robe. I don't even care. I'll get those made.
Speaker A: That's actually not a bad idea. There you go. But. All right, so we got.
Speaker B: It was for male horses only because it was like a monastery. It was a monastery. It was celibacy.
Speaker C: I'll make the convent.
Speaker B: The nunnery.
Speaker A: The nunnery, the nary. All right, so we did have two.
Speaker B: That was a.
Speaker C: That was a real dad joke. I know. You're a brand new dad.
Speaker B: It feels good. It comes naturally. It just comes naturally.
Speaker A: That's it. So we do have two big pieces of news that are actually true. So, Des, we got information on the next potential horse drop. So we got the horse drop information coming. So the. The word on the street is who expect the horse drop next weekend. My guess would be probably Friday, because most of them are Fridays. So I would think we're probably going to see the drop on Friday, June 4. Could be anytime that weekend, but that would be my guess, just because we've, we've seen Fridays in the past, no word on exactly how the drop is going to happen or what the format is going to be. However, I think you're going to see a change potentially from what happened last time. And because they sent out a survey, they sent out an email survey. So if you have your email hooked up to your Zed account, they sent out a survey in which you could kind of vote on what you thought their biggest change needed to be. Now, in fairness to their survey, I thought it was kind of bogus that you couldn't pick more than one option. Like you literally had to pick, do you want a private link or do you think we should do this? And, you know, there was probably a couple things that you could have, you could have chosen from there, but I think, you know, there are going to try to make improvements about it being fair for everybody to grab a horse. What are your thoughts on the next drop, Des? Give me a bold drop prediction.
Speaker C: Well, okay, I'll give you my prediction, which is that it won't happen next Friday, unfortunately.
Speaker A: Oh, interesting.
Speaker C: And the only reason why I say that is how are you gonna send a survey out a week before and then act upon that with only a week's time, you know? So I don't think that as much as I love the team there and have utter faith in them, I just don't think that's enough time for them to really kind of work it out. So I just don't think it's gonna be next week.
Speaker A: But I mean, it could be if the fix is that they're just going to do same kind of format but make the link only usable for your wallet. Right.
Speaker C: That would make me a little not upset. But just then why send out the survey if you're already path, then just don't send out the survey. It's tough. I think that's probably the way to do it, though. Oh, that's a great question. We'll come back to that. But, you know, I, it's tough. They're making the right decisions, I think, for the long term of the thing, and that's not always the most popular choice, but I think they are making the right decisions.
Speaker A: So the question here is, do we think prices are going to go up significantly? I would think not. I know we've kind of seen it every single time so far that the prices have jumped significantly. I think you're probably going to see the bigger jumps this time.
Speaker C: So has Ethan.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker C: Significantly since the start of the drops. And this is the first time where it's actually gone down since the previous drop.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker C: So I think it's going to stay pretty the same, maybe under.
Speaker A: Who knows?
Speaker B: I think there's a possibility it could be less than it was, because especially.
Speaker A: For some of them, like your z three s, I think, were the biggest increase last time. Yeah, I could see that coming down a little more back to earth. I think that was the biggest.
Speaker B: That was my prize purchase last year.
Speaker A: I think that was the biggest hike in price from a percentage standpoint, last time, but I don't think they're going to go up significantly. What I do think you might see is a rise in the floor. Like, your tens may go up. And the reason I say that is they're the biggest supply piece left. You know, I think last drop we saw, nines were the most purchase, that nines were the most supply. So there is still a lot of tens out there, but I think they're going to probably try to raise the floor rather than the top end, which we.
Speaker C: So that was one very important part we didn't cover about the survey. What horse do you want to buy? And they asked everyone, z one through z ten, what are you interested in buying? Does that mean that they're gonna release to demand? Maybe, maybe not. It's. But it's interesting that they asked that.
Speaker A: Yep, that is true. That one. You could select multiple options, though, right? I think so. I selected everything except for, I think, one, two and three, because I'm poor. So I'm still. I'll probably try to keep building buter and armies, if possible. So, honestly, why not?
Speaker C: I mean, honestly, it seems to be the strategy. I mean, you look at some of these horses coming out that are z nine, z ten s. They're just crushing it.
Speaker A: I'm nft rich. I'm rich in nfts. Yes. Unfortunately, that means I'm poor in dollars and probably smarts, but I am nft loaded. There you go. So, okay, what was the other piece of huge news? Probably the bigger piece of news that, I mean, it kind of shakes the entire core of the game as we. As we know it. Chambers. Like, wait, there's more news? Is there a monastery?
Speaker B: Is this the monastery stuff we were talking about earlier?
Speaker A: Well, it's funny because I don't think we really touched on it in our chat, which is kind of surprising. I don't think we really gave any opinion. So I'm curious to see. And I think we're going to break the news to chamber that he doesn't know. The big change was breeding, inbreeding and.
Speaker C: There'S gonna be no more breeding chamber.
Speaker B: Damn it.
Speaker A: You have to actually enroll your horses in a monastery to breed.
Speaker B: As long as I get one of those sweet ass robes.
Speaker A: So the change here is as we currently know it, as it's been open to us just the one time in the past, but as it was though, you know, a whole time breeding was open prior, is that males could have seven covers in a breeding period. Seven times that they could breed. And the female horses had two offspring that they could produce in a breeding cycle that is being cut down. So now in a breeding cycle, the mares can only produce one offspring per breeding cycle? Yes. And, and the males can only have three covers per breeding cycle.
Speaker B: Is that the, is that the official term, des? Is that covers?
Speaker A: Covers, covers. Yeah, that covers like a robe would cover you. That's right. So the reasoning behind this was to kind of slow the supply of horses that are going to be coming in to the market, I think in an attempt to probably protect the price of your assets. I think, you know, the thing with the way it was currently is, I mean when you think about the just sheer number of horses that are out there now and the number of people playing the game, that number is going to rise exponentially with two and seven. And so this is a little bit slowing that down. But obviously it changes a lot of people's breeding strategy.
Speaker B: How did. I was going to say, I was going to say how did like Adam and Professor Ian, Doctor Ian, how did they feel about this? I feel like they would have had a lot to say on the subject.
Speaker A: So I actually thought Z Gazette would be a little more upset about it than he was. But I think he, you know, his whole theory that he'd been working on was the twins theory. I think he still thinks he can do that with what he has termed stallion style where he straddles the date of the male and female like anniversary date that they can recycle. So I think he can still do that. You know when I was talking to him, he said, well this just slows me down. It just slows him down. So des, what are your opinions on this? I'd love to hear your take on what we, what the changes might do to the game. Game. What you think it might do to the value of horses, all that kind of stuff.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean I think overall it was needed because I was kind of worried about the same thing as this just over influx. Everyone's looking forward to breeding. You'd be crazy to think that 80% of mares, you know, that aren't unraced or unbred, that are being kept aside, wouldn't be bred.
Speaker A: Well, I think even though the one day it was open last time we saw 3000 new horses. Right. Yeah.
Speaker C: So I think that was a real problem that they needed to address and I like the way they tackled it. At the end of the day, I still think it comes back to, you need some sort of fatigue or shelf life to these half life to these horses, because, great, you slowed down the growth this one month. Well, next month it gets still exponential and then the next month is still exponential. So it slowed it down, but eventually it's still going to become overrun with, with too many horses. So you really need to figure out the fatigue aspect and what you're going to do long term about that. Because if you added a fatigue, if you added, hey, horses are really only good for six to twelve months, then that solves all your volume issue, right. Because it's just a constant churn of horses.
Speaker A: Now, if you were going to put in something like that, do you think it should be a time thing or a races thing.
Speaker C: Maybe a racist thing?
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm just thinking like, you know, the shelf life probably, I would feel like would be maybe more effective if it were based on races than a time period. But how old the horses, what's that.
Speaker B: Like, how old the horse is? Like if you had it for.
Speaker A: Yeah, I would think something like maybe a hundred races versus. But once you know that though, I don't know. I mean, there's a whole that would.
Speaker C: Strategy, I will be honest, that would tank the apps that would absolutely tank the value of these horses that currently.
Speaker A: It would tank your genesis horses as well. Like, now obviously there's the value of the genesis of starting the bloodline and all that kind of stuff, which I. So what do you think this is going to do? This move will do to the prices of our.
Speaker C: Yeah, so it's, it's a interesting. Lord Truffington, I don't know if you guys follow him on Twitter, but he's great.
Speaker A: Is he the one that does the unraced. Unraced market update?
Speaker C: Yes. So his graphs are always interesting. You have to kind of read between the lines. But I do think in general we'll see just not a stagnation, but just kind of a gentle lift until the drop happens, and then, just like every other drop, you're going to see a quick decline for the flip. You know, people are happy to make three, four x on a horse. They don't need, you know, five x right out the gate. So that usually is what causes a little dip in the average cost or average sale of a genesis. And then you see a climb, because inventory dries up, people race it. That's what I love about this space is, you know, these assets just increase in rarity as people race them. So an unraced horse is just going to become more rare as time goes on.
Speaker A: How many unraced do you have? Do you have any?
Speaker C: I have, like, seven, I think.
Speaker A: Wow, look at you.
Speaker B: That is. That is some willpower you got there, bud.
Speaker A: I have 10 unraced. Race them all.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's, um. We'll see. I am gonna race them, but I did want to try a breeding cycle with them unraced so I could compare. So that's the only reason why I'm keeping them unraced for now. It's not actually to hold and keep them unraced.
Speaker B: It's.
Speaker C: I want to see what that affects, because one of the biggest theories is, like, your horse, stats get snapshotted and imprinted on the foul, and I just want to see how that is.
Speaker A: That. Is that a theory that you think is true, or do you? Obviously, we don't know. Yeah. So, like, so are you in the camp of, like, if you have a horse with a 20% win percentage, even if it's only after five races, you're stopping the race to see, or you're. You're not racing it?
Speaker C: There's three. There's three ideas here. One, that it doesn't matter. Two, that it's based on win percentage. Three, that it's based on ETh earned. If I had to guess, it's based on etherned. So I'll do three breeding cycles. I'll do completely unraced, same parents, then I'll race them, and then same parents again. And then I'll race them a ton and then do them again. So we'll see.
Speaker A: Eth earned makes sense to me. Just because ETH earned is also a roundabout way to do experience. Right? Like, so the more experience your horse has, the more eth it would earn. Even if it's a crappy racer, you know, you're gonna have more ETh earned than an unraced horse. You know what I mean? So that. That is a theory that I think I like personally, but, yeah. So how does this change your breeding strategies?
Speaker C: I mean, slows me down.
Speaker A: Yeah. And what do you think it, do you think it changes the value of male versus female, anything like that?
Speaker C: I actually think it bounces. I originally posted something on Twitter that said the value of females is going to increase relative to everything else. But now that I think about it a little bit more, you know, it used to be two and seven. Now it's one and three. Those are pretty close. So I don't know, maybe.
Speaker B: Maybe a little bit on the female side.
Speaker C: Yeah, maybe a little bit on the female side, just because you can only get one single foul. But in general, I think it's actually leveled the playing field a little bit between males and females. They're all important now.
Speaker A: Yeah, no kidding. That's very true.
Speaker C: Especially.
Speaker A: Coats.
Speaker C: I mean, people were hot. I mean, people have. People have not had a chance to really go actively try to get super coats because it was only open for a day. This makes it very hard. I mean, it takes a long time to get a supercoat now.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's true. So if you are a color rubber out there, who's looking for some supercoats, that might be hard to.
Speaker C: I'm a super color rubber. Unapologetically.
Speaker A: I like it. Yeah. I think you have a whole spreadsheet on matching your colors up and stuff, right?
Speaker C: I have. So the ones that I'm planning on breeding and doing this test are all my favorite colors. So it's like chartreuse, aquamarine, and then electric violet. It's not a rare one, but I just freaking love it. So I have a whole stable of just those three colors.
Speaker A: Nice. That's cool. That'll be fun. Yeah. Awesome. So anything else that you want to cover on Zed before we move on?
Speaker C: We covered the drop for those who missed out on the 615 dead link. Uh, it is going to be the same day of the drop, so that's just an FYI. Um, they're going to do it the same day. I'll be super interested to hear how they do that. Actually. I hope I don't hear about it, because if I do hear about it, that means people who would take advantage of it did hear about it. Um, it's going to be pretty crazy, though. I don't know how they're going to do that.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's going to be interesting. I I'm. I have a feeling that'll be a, um, you know, like a private link or whatever, but we'll see. So I actually think I might be in that group, but I'm not sure. I hope I am. I'd like a horse because I think it's gonna be hard to get horse this time. You know, I don't think we. I don't think people are gonna have. Not that anybody had an easy time last time. I had an easy time, but there's not gonna be as much of a. I don't think. I hope as much of an advantage, but we'll see how much.
Speaker B: Are you guys going deep this time? Get some tens, get some nines.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think. I think. I think, if anything, this change in breeding means you need more horses, right? So that's why. So I think I. That's why I also think the value of those tens is going to go up, and because they are the cheapest way to acquire a horse. And if you have, you know, a stable of 20 mares, you can still make 20 horses, you know? But if you don't, then, you know, you're kind of hamstrung and you just have to pay a patience game, but, you know, so I think that that's the strategy for me, is going to still be. Acquire as many as possible, if possible. You know what I mean?
Speaker C: So I went through. I went through a buying cycle after this drop of buying exclusive horses, because one of my other theories, non founded in any science at all, but, is that elites are going to be the best racers. And now it takes so much work to get an exclusive. Like, it takes months to get to an exclusive. So I. I bought a whole bunch of them, hoping to breed elites.
Speaker A: Right. I think that's smart play as well for that exam reason, right? It's like one. You have the fact. The possibility that when you do exclusive to Genesis from a female side, you keep exclusive. So that's a double bonus there. And then, obviously, you're you. When you're not, you're breeding down to elite males, which is, I think, a good strategy, especially. Especially early. Like, if you can be breeding elites now, I think that's a big advantage, because everybody, starting now, is going to be breeding elites at the same time. So if you can. If that theory holds, and you are right, you give yourself a nice chance to make, you know, some ethereum back in races, you know, am I paying.
Speaker C: You to make me feel better about my strategies? And I can't remember, do I leave money?
Speaker A: We're. I'm here for emotional support. That's it. All right, let's move on. So here's what I need. I need somebody to make me feel better because yesterday, and this is the first time I think I'm the only one of the three of us that have aped into something. I aped into guild of guardians last night. So I saw it going around.
Speaker B: I sounds like an iPhone game.
Speaker A: Well, it is. Look at you. So guildofguardians.com is the website if you want to pull it up. So I saw this going around. Des, did you see this?
Speaker C: I only heard about it from ZG. That's pretty much the only reason why I heard about it.
Speaker A: Got it. So nyjetlife says, hell yeah. Bought a legendary in a guild. So I bought three legendaries and a guild. So the game is pretty interesting. So it's a mobile rpg game. And so it's a mobile rpg game where you obviously own your in game assets, right? So it's. Oh, the cinematic teaser. Look at this. Oh, this looks pretty dope. We got any sound with it or what?
Speaker B: I can. One side. Let me go. I'll get sound for a second. One sec.
Speaker A: This looks awesome.
Speaker B: 1 second. I'll come back to this in a sec.
Speaker A: All right. Now I already feel better.
Speaker B: Keep talking.
Speaker A: But, like, honestly. So we were talking at the top of the show that, like, this is how the space is moving at the moment. It's like you see something and you have a very short amount of time to decide if you want to buy it or not. And.
Speaker B: Let'S start from the beginning here.
Speaker A: We got sound?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think so. You should hear now.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. Sweet.
Speaker B: This looks pretty dope, actually. That's. Is that your character, John?
Speaker A: Oh, sweet. I actually haven't unboxed my stuff yet because I didn't really know what I was doing. This looks pretty sweet, though.
Speaker C: If it looks 120, as good as this, it's gonna be epic.
Speaker A: Yeah, totally.
Speaker C: Look at that. Wow.
Speaker B: So many cool things.
Speaker C: Might be doing some fine.
Speaker A: Whoa. So I'm not even sure if you can. I'm not even sure if you can buy these yet on the secondary market. Chris. Chris, Jordan, bring that comment up.
Speaker B: Sorry.
Speaker A: This is. This is how the space works, right? It's bunch of apes in watches trailer next day. That's exactly. That's how this works. So it's funny. So this was, like, happening at like 09:00 last night, and I was exhausted. I was traveling for work. I had just gotten home and I'm, like, in bed and I see it happening on Twitter and I didn't even know what the hell it was. Adam had. I reached out and I said, hey, tell me about these things. And he just says, buy them. I'm like, all right. So I started looking at it and, you know, apparently this is a, it's Ubisoft. And I, the founders of gods unchained, making this game. So some, some serious clout. Oh, we got a lot of people in the chat. A lot of people bought these in the chat. All right. I'm feeling a little better now, so. But, yeah, and then I wasn't going to do it. And then my brother called me and he had bought some and I'm like, all right, well, now I got it. So that's funny. So, okay, you saw it on doofy stream. Like, I think a lot of the Zed guys were involved in buying some of these. So, you know, there was like three tiers of these characters you could buy, all for different prices. I think the top tier cost like $230 a character. So I bought a couple of those. And then they have the guilds. And so the guilds were interesting because I think you can only create a guild if you own these, right? So, like, there was three different, three or four different tiers of the guilds. And, and if you own the guild, you can create it and kind of lead the guild and you actually get a cut of a percentage of all the, you know, I guess, commission, I guess, of what it costs people to actually forge stuff in the game, which is cool. And it says, you know, they have 130 person or 130,000 people waitlist. But, yeah, I mean, it looks pretty interesting here. So, um, Doofy's to blame, they say a lot of people in the chat.
Speaker B: Uh, doofy, gameplay here.
Speaker A: Oh, look at that. Pre alpha gameplay.
Speaker B: This is some pre alpha advice here.
Speaker A: By founder NFTs, which will never be sold again. And honestly, all the characters are, all the heroes are sold out. Most of the guilds are, uh, sold out. There's still some of, uh, Des, there's still some of the all three tiers of guilds. If you want to go buy, uh, buy yourself a guild. Um, but I aped into this. Uh, so grade my ape, you guys. Um, like, give me a chamber. How many apes on a scale of one to ten, do I get for aping into this? Damn it.
Speaker B: Uh, too many. Uh, to be honest, I feel like eight for sure. Apes.
Speaker A: Eight apes.
Speaker B: Eight apes for sure.
Speaker C: I was going to go 8.4 apes.
Speaker B: I.
Speaker A: 8.48. All right, I'll take it. And this was just, you know, this is how the space moves. It's like someone sees something cool that we don't know about. I'm actually, I'll talk about in a second. But, yeah, the. The large. Oh, yeah. The warrior or the mythic guild. $92,000. And there was ten of them.
Speaker B: How come I can't buy more than one at a time?
Speaker A: Six have sold. Six of those have sold. So they sold six of those. I bought this adventurers guild here, 191.
Speaker B: Now. Are you paying, are you paying in fiat? Are you paying with eth?
Speaker A: You pay with Eth. So this was, it's kind of like Zed where price showed in fiat. But you paid an eth. Yeah.
Speaker B: Interesting.
Speaker A: So the mythic guilds, six out of ten. Six out of the ten were sold.
Speaker C: It's quite a big price jump from adventures to warriors.
Speaker B: Kidding.
Speaker A: Yeah. And I'm seeing, or you know what people were saying. So you get with this adventures guild, you get 1% of the guild crafting sales. Right. And then you, with the mythic guild, you get 10% and it's a 50 member guild. So 30 more people and 10% of the total cut. I'm wondering, though, you know, why wouldn't you buy ten of these adventurers guilds? There's got to be something else, right?
Speaker C: I.
Speaker A: You buy ten adventurers guilds, you get 10%. You have 200 members instead of 50. That seems like the better value to me personally. I might go buy a couple more adventure guilds. I don't know. There's got to be something. I don't know. There.
Speaker B: The ape is strong with this one. This one's interesting.
Speaker C: This is how venture capital funding gets. I don't know, democratize. This is. Oh, yeah, this is the way.
Speaker A: 100%. 100%. Chris has a good comment down there, too. Chamber. You want to pull that one up? Yeah. So it seems these projects with existing fan base and following plus, you know, the NFTs pick up and or go crazy at launch. I think that's totally true. That's why sandbox is so interesting, because you're bringing in a other existing fan bases and, you know, you're building like this web of FOMO, I would say. Right. The web of FOMO.
Speaker C: Can't wait to build my 93 meters yacht right next to the yacht club.
Speaker A: So that's what you're going to do. You're going to build a yacht all.
Speaker C: With water, my whole parcel, and I'm going to build a 93 meters whole span of it yacht and attach a floating mansion. Done.
Speaker A: That's awesome. That's all age.
Speaker C: Welcome.
Speaker A: That'll be, that'll be fun.
Speaker B: Welcome.
Speaker A: That'll be fun. Yeah. So but it's funny, like, these things, you don't even know the drops are happening on a lot of them until they're going on. And so I'm actually trying to build a little website that aggregates some NFT drop and release news. So hopefully I can get that working to give people just maybe some more information, because I don't know of anything like that that exists. And what ends up happening is you just see these things as they're being dropped. And, you know, maybe, I hope maybe a little more pre planning on what you can buy into and do a little research prior. So hopefully I'll have that launched soon. But, yeah, we want to do the NFT graveyard.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: So this is a concept we literally just came up with five minutes before the show where we were talking about, you know, some things are good, some things are bad. And so Chamber Chamber pulled up his, his opensea wallet. We're gonna go in through his opensea wallet here and go through his NFt graveyard and see which, which one of these Nfts he bought, probably the most worthless now.
Speaker B: So what we were talking about is, as I'm scrolling through, I noticed this the other day. The more you scroll down for people that have purchased lots of nfts or been in nfts for a long enough time. I know Joe and I have been talking about this for a few years now, and we've had different NFT Pepe DAP cards. Somewhere in 2018, I had so many pepe DAP cards. But the further you scroll down your list of nfts, the poorer the decisions get. So I'll kind of start off here. So my most recent purchases.
Speaker A: Okay, so far off to a good start. You got the two punks comics, I think is a good buy.
Speaker B: Two punks comics. These are my AP monsters, I guess. I don't know if anybody's into this. They just, they just release the images for the monsters, I think.
Speaker A: I still haven't even claimed mine. I'm not sure if you can.
Speaker B: You still. I'm not sure if you can anymore.
Speaker A: I hope so. I can because I'm not sure. I better find that out, huh?
Speaker B: Yeah. So I claim mine. And then it was just kind of like a blank, you know, a blank image. And then on Tuesday, it populated. And I mean, I was anticipating a monster. I mean, I don't understand.
Speaker A: This whole project has been kind of, I don't know, lackluster for me. We made some money off of this because of the bonding curve right where you can and then where you could kind of add the floor rows. You could sell some off if you bought them. Right. You know, it's kind of a strategy, I think.
Speaker B: I think I'd purchase 20 of them off of.
Speaker A: Yeah, you only have three left, so.
Speaker B: You had to three left. And I guess I'm going to scroll down a little bit further here. The beauty part, I'll show you once we get a little further down. But I got me bit now. I was showing you guys my me bit before we start recording, and you're like, oh, you guys, you still have your me bit. I didn't realize I shouldn't have my me bit anymore.
Speaker A: Well, your strategy that you discussed on the show was that you were going to lower the price till it was.
Speaker B: Bought and then it was never purchased.
Speaker A: Yeah. So I was surprised that you hadn't.
Speaker B: Had something happen to the project that I should know about or I think.
Speaker A: That it got a little bit of some backlash just on how, you know, the whole release happened. Then there was that exploit of the contract where somebody was able to, I guess, rerun the contract until they got that alien one that sold for 200 east to prank. See, so I think there's been some kind of backlashed about the whole thing. I mean, there's still plenty of intrigue on me bits, but, you know, for the price that we saw them go for on the drop, you know, this almost, it's. It was the opposite thing that happened to bored apes. Right? Like, the floor fell out instead of slowly rising. And I think that goes to show the good faith effort by bored ape to release them at a lower, flat price. Right. So, you know what else we got in here? Oh, look at all that land.
Speaker B: Now, the other thing you guys were mentioning was this image right here. You thought maybe I had purchased some knockoff Zed horses. And during the show, I think I figured out why this image looks different. And this is a rare coat, and maybe rare coats appear different.
Speaker C: They all got re indexed while we were literally doing the stream. So they're. They're constantly updating all the pictures, so all the new opensea listings will actually look like your red one.
Speaker B: Okay, cool.
Speaker A: You just found that out or what?
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. Someone on Twitter posted about it.
Speaker B: Okay, so, uh, I got my board ape, which I love.
Speaker A: This is your board ape is dope.
Speaker B: I love this one. I'm not. I don't think I'm gonna get rid of it. I don't think I'm getting rid of it.
Speaker A: I love the. The noise fur. I want noise fur.
Speaker B: It's got a leather jacket. I mean, this one's, this one's a.
Speaker A: Your members only jacket on.
Speaker B: Then we got the voxel thing here, man.
Speaker A: It's okay, but you're, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. We discussed before the show that Des had some problem, that something happened with Voxel, that he's now left the screen. Well, what happened? You got to tell us now.
Speaker C: I should be wearing my, I should be wearing my suit for this. Just add to the de baggery of this.
Speaker A: But corporate, corporate trash desk.
Speaker C: Anyways, I aped into Voxos, bought five of them, and then realized the project seemed a little sketchy. They had released some day, being Voxo released some things like, hey, us people can't hold these right? Etc. Etc. It was just kind of weird stuff going back and forth. They had to talk to their lawyers. So I was like, I kind of want out. It was at 1130 at night, and they had posted like, hey, anyone who wants a refund, reach out to us.
Speaker B: I remember that. Yeah.
Speaker C: And so I was like, oh, perfect, I'll just get out. No harm done. So I messaged the founder, and I was like, hey, can I get a refund? He said, no problem. And then an hour later, he took down the message and was like, hey, don't tell anybody. But like, we weren't supposed, we shouldn't have released that, you know, the refund thing. But I'll honor yours anyways. And I was like, oh, sweet. Thanks so much, man.
Speaker A: I tried to get.
Speaker C: So three days later, nothing. I hear nothing from him. So, like, shit, I want out of these. So I just sold them for, like, a little bit of profit from what I bought them for on the, on Opensea. And before they had opened, and so I got some money back, and then he finally reached out, and he's like, hey, sorry it took so long to refund you, but I'm ready to go. And I said, okay, no problem, let's refund the rest. And he's like, but I just want to be sure it's because you're a us owner and you, you don't want to own these. And I was like, yeah, absolutely. That's why. Can you please take them? I don't want to be a us owner. I don't want to be in breach. And so I sent him back to him. He was super nice, sent me the EtH back, no problem. And then on drop day, on reveal day, I buy one. I buy one. And I flipped it. And he emails me back later that day and goes, hey, I saw that you bought one and flipped one. That's in breach of our agreement.
Speaker A: Oh, no, no.
Speaker B: He was monitoring your ETH address.
Speaker C: And so I was like, oh, yeah, sorry. He deleted his message to me randomly. He had, like, deleted that he had ever sent that to me. So I don't really know what happened, but I do feel kind of bad. I took advantage of the system and then made some money off it, but seems a little weird how they're doing business over there.
Speaker B: Interesting.
Speaker A: Well, I still have. I'm still holding my bag, so thanks a lot.
Speaker B: So I got my little guy here. You'll notice, guys, I only have one egg. So I have three of the monsters, but only one egg. You can actually, because they're basically like little vaults. You can actually sell these a discounted rate. Like, I think I sold two of them for .15 or 0.15 eth each. So there's, if you open your apeman egg, you can still.
Speaker A: I'm keeping mine that I haven't because you can stake with them and do that stuff. So I'm gonna see what that is all about because I look at all that land.
Speaker C: It's so beautiful.
Speaker B: So I got some land. I got a few more ponies down here.
Speaker A: All right, so let's get to the worst stuff.
Speaker B: Let's get to the bad stuff here. So I got. Oh, here we go. We got some crypto dunks. We got some pixels here. I don't know. I got some of these beautiful tiny boxes. This one was cool. This was hash runes. Didn't we have some?
Speaker A: Yeah, we like hash rooms. Well, that was on wrecked.
Speaker B: Oh, was that what it was?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. So hash runes. And then I, you know. Oh, my God, I like the bongs. So I bought myself a few bit bongs. Shout out to bit bongs. And then these are old, small tings. The small studio, little NFT project there was, you know, this was a good one, too. And I don't know what this one is, but the further you go down, the worse your mistakes get. And I'm sure everybody feels the same way at this point.
Speaker A: So we can do my Nft graveyard next week.
Speaker B: No, that sounds good.
Speaker A: Yeah, they could do mine next week. But what else? Anything else before? Oh, ember sword. There was a land sale today. I gotta buy. I just, I. How many lands do I need to buy? I don't even know. I'm actually not too familiar with Ember sword. Have you. Are you des?
Speaker C: No, but I've been hearing a lot of buzz on it. I didn't realize it was a metaverse.
Speaker A: Wiley says pixels was one of his worst mistakes.
Speaker B: I hear, man, I hear you.
Speaker C: I'm there.
Speaker A: Yeah, I was gonna say Des was a big pixel guy.
Speaker B: I forget who said I wasn't sure which one of you. You guys, I think we've gotten a.
Speaker A: Theme here that Des is. Given that we're holding a lot of.
Speaker C: Des's bags, I'm holding that one with you.
Speaker B: But for the record, I do have a lot of bit bongs. I don't know who told me to get. I think I just got those on my own.
Speaker A: You did? That's funny. Anything else that we want to cover before we wrap up here?
Speaker B: No, I don't think so. Oh, if you're listening, or actually, yeah, if you're listening specifically on Apple or iTunes or whatever the hell it's called now give us a five star rating. Some Jamoke gave us a one star. Messed up the whole rating system. So if you're listening on Apple specifically, help us out. You can do it right from your phone. You pull it up, five stars. Say something nice. You know, it's not. It's not hard to do. It's the least. Is this a free show, people? I say this. I said this on our other show. This is a free show. The least you could do is give us five stars.
Speaker A: Yeah, a free show that we make zero money on.
Speaker B: Zero money on.
Speaker A: Go.
Speaker C: Give us a one star. We're gonna be the best one star show ever.
Speaker A: Well, that happens to us, too. So that happens. I think my favorite of all time was on our other show, Rex podcast, the one star review we got. And it was, it said two versions, two virgins read the news in their mother's basements. One star. Greatest. Greatest review I've ever gotten.
Speaker B: That is an apt description.
Speaker A: Yes. But that is going to do it for us on episode 14. We got some fun stuff coming up next week with sandbox. And then we have. We're going to be working on a website. We're going to be doing all kinds of cool stuff. So keep. Keep an eye out on all of our social media channels. But until next time, stay mint. There you go. Stay mint.
Speaker B: Boom, boom.
Speaker A: There we go. Have a good one, guys.
