Speaker A: Coming to campus in the motherfucking daycare America Fuck, yeah we not miss the only way terrorists, your game is through cause now you have the answer to pick my burdens up on my mouth America Fuck, yeah what you gonna do when you come for you now? It's the dream that we all share it's the hope for tomorrow Fuck, yeah Walmart Fuck, yeah baseball fuck, yeah NFL Fuck, yeah fuck, yeah.
Speaker B: Maybe this wasn't the best song choice. Just.
Speaker C: I'm surprised that. I'm surprised it's not your national anthem yet. All I'm hearing is accurate portrayals of America.
Speaker B: I know. What is Canada day like? When it comes?
Speaker C: It's wonderful.
Speaker B: Like, what do you do? Do you shoot fireworks, too?
Speaker C: Absolutely. Yeah, I was. I made my way over to. I mean, I'm going to pretend like Canada's perfect. We have our history, our troubled past, if you will, with our first nation brothers and sisters. But I did make my way over to a first nation reserve, as one does, to buy copious amounts of fireworks for the holiday. So I ended up. I don't think we end up spending, like, $1,500 on fireworks on Saturday. And, you know, went on to have a pretty. Pretty wild night.
Speaker B: Well, congratulations. We used to have to drive to all the way down to Indiana to get our fireworks until Michigan changed the laws.
Speaker C: It blows my mind. Like, I was having. We were having that conversation this weekend where, like, so you can buy. I mean, I went to a reserve just for pricing purposes, not because that's the only place you can buy them. You can literally buy them anywhere. But for the best bang for your buck, you go to the reserve, you get them.
Speaker B: Literally.
Speaker C: Literally best bang for your buck. Absolutely. You probably get them 25, 30% off of what you would pay everywhere else. But we were talking about. I always say my american friends, and when I say my american friends to my canadian friends and family, I'm always referring to just people on spaces. But, yeah, we were saying, like, my american friends, some of them, there's certain states that you can't purchase fireworks, but you can go and purchase a fucking bazooka, which blows my mind.
Speaker B: Yeah, Michigan is definitely one of those. I don't think I can go up to the local ace hardware and buy a bazooka, but we do have a very large number of militias in my state.
Speaker C: Yeah, Michigan is definitely, I think, pretty well known for. For being a militia state.
Speaker B: We're armed to the teeth. We're ready for the water wars. Friends, come and get it.
Speaker C: I'll peacefully join the side. Once you guys take over, I'm literally right across the water, so I'll be your first captive.
Speaker B: I'm glad to know that you'll be on our side chamber.
Speaker C: Yeah, absolutely. Ready to turn coat. No problem, bunch. Are you feeling extra american today in preparation for tomorrow?
Speaker D: Oh, yeah. Just eating copious cheeseburgers, guns strapped to me. You know, the thing that always blows my mind about you with Canada Day? I mean, like, if there's anything that signals that you should be american more, it's. It's your behavior on.
Speaker C: I'm very american.
Speaker D: I mean, we've known each other. We've known each other for a while now, and this is not my first pass through of the calendar on Canada Day with you. And just the fact that you take such an aggressive, like, truly aggressive fireworks display out into the. Into your family traditions is. It just screams american. So, like, I'm. I'm convinced that, you know, you back on us over here, but you want to be one.
Speaker C: I would argue that Canada day is the most american holiday in Canada. Everybody, like.
Speaker D: I mean, flags are out.
Speaker C: Like, everybody has, like, the Canada attire, american flag. I mean, just, you know, substitute the american flag with the Canada flag, but basically all the same thing, you know, Canada flag. Flip flops and t shirts and crazy hats. It's very american.
Speaker D: Now, is that today?
Speaker C: No, that was on Saturday.
Speaker D: The first on Saturday. Okay, so you're already coming.
Speaker C: I'm done.
Speaker D: Yeah, you're done. Okay. So we're just ramping up. It's a little weird this year because you have, technically, this one day in between where, I don't know, some people are off, some people are not off. And, like, everybody, it's kind of like the unspoken you're everybody's off, but, you know, you may not be officially type of thing. So that's. That's what's going on now. And then, obviously, tomorrow is the fourth. I like when it falls on either, obviously, the Friday or the Monday, and you just keep the whole time going, but it's. It's a little weirder when you don't work for, like, a corporation where, like, you know, you kind of should be probably working, but nobody's working, and you just, like, don't really know where it all falls. You know what I mean?
Speaker C: No, absolutely.
Speaker D: But, like, before we get down to circles and jweb here, I need you to explain to everyone else what I mean when you say. When I say how truly aggressive you are with your. You kind of showed a little leg casually just in that talk with Mackey on, like, how much you spent. But that's like, and that's, that's how, honestly, that's a little bit of a down year. Is it? Bear. Bear market vibes.
Speaker C: I believe we had less people pitch. I mean, I try to pitch in as much as I can.
Speaker D: Didn't you fund the entire thing?
Speaker C: We had a good year. We had a good crypto year.
Speaker D: During the bear or during. Absolutely funded the entire fireworks.
Speaker C: If you.
Speaker D: It was basically like the fucking JC for Macy's 4 July spectacular over the Hudson.
Speaker C: Yeah, we, if it's a bull market and you're a family member of mine, you will, you will feel it. You might not know it's a crypto. I might not talk about that. It's a crypto bull market, but, you know, a lot more catered dinners, a lot more. I think we did. I think I did, like, five k fireworks one year out of pocket. That was out of hand, but this year was.
Speaker D: How do you even. Yeah, like, what is that even like?
Speaker C: It's nuts. Uh, that one, I think, lasted for over an hour. That one was nuts. Um, but we try to keep it around, like, 35 minutes of, like, high intensity fireworks.
Speaker D: Now, who's manning the fireworks show? Is it you? Are you, or are you just, like, the silent partner that's funding the event?
Speaker C: Um, kind of a silent part, but. So my brother in law, who is one of the few fans.
Speaker D: This Kevin?
Speaker C: No, this is Bobby. This is. I'll say his name with my chest. This is my guy.
Speaker D: Oh, wow. You'd go to war for me and.
Speaker C: Bob are thick as thieves. So he is the pyrotechnic. So he has it all set up with switches, and we run lines to all these things. So it's me and him. And then this year, Fiona was also part of the detonation team.
Speaker D: Oh, wow. You got, you got the daughter.
Speaker C: Absolutely.
Speaker D: Was this her, this her first time being part?
Speaker C: I think she lit one last year. Like, lit one up.
Speaker D: But this, this year, she's pulling down the demolition plunger.
Speaker C: You got it. She's pushing buttons. She's organizing stuff. It's, it's a good time, but now go ahead.
Speaker D: One more crucial question here. While the fireworks are going off, I guess maybe two more follow up questions. Do you wait till it's, like, pitch dark? Completely dark, or are you, like, you jump the gun early at a little duck?
Speaker C: No, you got, I mean, you're spending this, you know, you're spending this kind of, these kind of funds. You got to make sure so it was usually 10:00 I would say, is when we started.
Speaker D: Okay, so definitely now, last question. This was the real one. Is what is. Is there a soundtrack playing? What is the soundtrack playing? Is it just Celine Dion greatest hits? What? Like, what. What is that?
Speaker C: That's a phenomenal question. No soundtrack. But I've never even thought of this. We should absolutely have a soundtrack. I don't know why this.
Speaker D: Oh, you're missing here. Like, you could coordinate the fireworks show now with some. Some music. I think, like, especially if you're going 40 minutes, you could literally have an entire playlist that these fire. Like, if you really want to get into it, then you could, like, set up specific types of songs for the types of fireworks you have going on, all that kind of stuff. I'm surprised you don't hire a dj.
Speaker B: With some of that money.
Speaker C: No, it needs to all be. Yeah, no, all that has to go into the. Into the booms. But I'm 100% going to incorporate this next year.
Speaker D: What do you think about throwing a little big booty mix in there as the first.
Speaker C: That's the first thing to thought. Like, you literally just play a big booty mix the whole time. I think that might be the move.
Speaker D: Yeah. Interesting. All right, let's gm it down to circle circles. GM where. What are you getting into fireworks wise? Is that a big thing? Down by where you live? Are the Amish allowed to have fireworks? How's it going?
Speaker E: Damn, jam. So I've never really, like. Growing up, you'd always see large displays of fireworks and so, like. But it was always, like, the city putting it on or whatever. We never really did much of our own other than, like, sparklers or some shit. Last the one city that we're in, we actually had a pretty nice view, even just from our house. And I've got littles, so it's like, we're not doing a whole lot, but I ended up waking up my three year old. We put him to bed around, like, an hour or two before the fireworks went off, and it's like, you know what? He's old enough to recognize that this is cool. So we got him up to watch it just through our back porch. But tonight some friends are throwing a shindig, and I guess they've been doing this for years. This is our first time going, and they've got a firework kind of end of night extravaganza, so we'll see how that goes. But as for Mackie throwing shade at the intro song, I mean, that is a perfect intro song I mean, this is America.
Speaker C: World police.
Speaker E: Fuck yeah. Yeah.
Speaker B: Don't be chamber vaping.
Speaker D: Is that what that was? Definitely a vape. That is exactly what I thought it was. And I was like, wait a second. Is that. Is there some audio issues?
Speaker C: No, just salute the american flag and having a pull. Pulling a drag.
Speaker E: I was gonna say, with that much spending, that definitely makes you an honorary american chamber. Dear Lord, anywhere between one to $5,000 on fireworks is absolutely obscene. We're open. We're accepting with open arms. Anytime you're ready, buddy.
Speaker C: I'm just going to. I'm either going to cross the water into Ohio or into Michigan. But one of those two.
Speaker B: I'll come get you, don't worry.
Speaker D: Yeah, just invade Cleveland.
Speaker C: I'd rather Detroit.
Speaker D: At least we're not Detroit.
Speaker C: No, I would say, as an outsider, Detroit over Cleveland, especially these days. I said the last five years, Detroit's not awful. It's pretty good, actually.
Speaker D: Well, circles I can relate to, like, having little kids with fireworks now. And I was talking to my wife about this last night because they do fireworks, like, in our neighborhood as part of, you know, a show. And our children were very asleep and the fireworks outside actually woke them up. And, you know, my wife and I were to were, like, pissed. And it just showed us how absolutely old we are. Like, we were talking last night about how we would, you know, be leaving the house at this time to go out and find all the fireworks and blah, blah, blah. And now we're, like, upset because it scares the dog and our. And it weighs our children. And so, like, we are. We are totally old. And I'm not. I'm not really sure scaring the dog to go from here in my life. Oh, dude, I'm not like, oh, yeah, the dog was shaking and shitting on my floor and so was my son. And it's just disaster. But they go over to Jweb here. Jweb woke up and chose violence this morning.
Speaker C: I know I had to give him. I had to give him an honorary title today.
Speaker D: Dre Webb drab the entire honorary or the entire DJ network into his morning cup of coffee drama, which was, I kind of found pretty entertaining. I was. I decided to not participate except for a like of our buddy J. Webb's tweet. But Jweb, how you doing, my friend?
Speaker F: I'm doing good. You know, sometimes you just wake up in that kind of mood. You're sick of nonsense and you got to put your foot down and stand up for what you believe. America and that's what I did this morning.
Speaker D: Goddamn right. Chamber.
Speaker F: So I got a question for you, and you kind of were getting into this bunch, but how far in advance of 4 July is a reasonable time for people to start shooting off fireworks? You know, with the fourth on a Tuesday, when is a reasonable day for people to start shooting off fireworks?
Speaker D: Oh, so we're not talking time of day, we're talking how many days in advance?
Speaker C: This is a great question.
Speaker D: This is a good question. And I would say. I would say I would expect it to start. And I'm not saying this is necessarily appropriate, but my expectations would be a Friday prior because people are treating it as just like this long, you know, three, four day weekend, and anytime somebody's over, they're going to bring fireworks, they're going to shoot them off. So it's been like, it's been like a war zone around my house since Friday. And I'm not sure if that's appropriate or not, but that was my expectation. That's what it lived up to. Chamber, what do you think is appropriate? The amount of days?
Speaker C: So, yeah, I mean, what I think.
Speaker D: Is July here is on a Tuesday.
Speaker C: Yeah. So, I mean, I would say the day before and the day after the day, that's it. Everything else is.
Speaker D: I am a firm. I am. See, like, I. My expectation was you, you have from Friday until July 4, and that's your front load. And that I'm going to start getting pissed on July 5. That's my cutoff. Like, you can. You can get the pregame going. It's part of the weekend and bunch. When you say July 5, fireworks on Wednesday, July 5, like, get out.
Speaker C: All right. Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker F: And do you. By July 5 you mean like 12:01 a.m. like at midnight, it's time to shut it down because people might. So people in my neighborhood have been shooting them off since last Wednesday. And tomorrow night they're going to go until. They're going to go until two in the morning. And I'm just like, do you guys just all go to work hungover? Like, I gotta. What are we doing here? So, like, you know, I feel like such an old, like, old man yells at clouds now because of the fact that, like, I'm trying to get.
Speaker D: Do you have child bedtime thing that I'm dealing with, too.
Speaker F: Our kid goes to bed at seven. You know, we were. It used to be that we had two dogs and they were both young and would be losing their minds. Like, my german shepherd, he used to hear the first firework, and he would bolt upstairs and jump in the shower. Like, that was his, like, hiding spot in my house. You know, our one remaining dog. She can't really hear anymore, so it's not as bad as it used to be, but, yeah, it's an absolute nightmare over here.
Speaker D: Yeah, I understand. This is a big problem that I didn't realize that I would have as a adult with children. And it's just like, there's. There's no level of anxiety that I like every time a firework went off. And we had the double whammy last night where it is storming here as well, so all the towns were trying to squeeze in their fireworks, you know, celebrations in the middle of rain and thunderstorms. So we had the double whammy of thunderstorms and fireworks last night, which was just something my kid, uh, did not sleep very well, and we're paying for it here today. Chamber. Uh, before we go back to circles, um, one in a million said, do they have fireworks shows in your local communities there? Because, like, what we have here is a lot of the, you know, each town might have their scheduled firework night over the course of the week or the weekend before the weekend after, things like that. So their official kind of town, sanctioned events. Do you guys have.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah, yeah, we do. But I mean, for those, you know, you know how it is. You gotta drive there, you gotta pull up, you gotta find a spot. There's a bunch of other mouth breathers. It's not great. That's why we. We pivoted, I don't know, probably, like, ten years ago, and then just decided to do our own with a select group of people. You know what I mean?
Speaker D: How big is this group of people? Like, what's your normal party? Like?
Speaker C: It was too many this. This year. My mom gets out of hand with who she invites.
Speaker D: I thought you were just gonna stop at. My mom gets out of hand like she was.
Speaker C: She is the issue most years, but no, there's probably, I don't know, maybe 50 people there this year.
Speaker D: That's. That's a pretty good people.
Speaker C: Yeah. I like it at, like, you know, 30 Max.
Speaker D: All right, now what is. We'll go back to circles first, and then I have some additional Canada J questions.
Speaker E: So for Jay, what I'm saying Wednesday before, that definitely feels egregious. Think I would agree with you, bunchu, on that Friday before. But if they go on till 02:00 in the morning into January 5, I mean, yeah, that's. That's to be expected. My question for you then, bunchu and anybody else honestly is let's say that 4 July falls on say a Thursday. So could it bleed into the fall and weekend as opposed to the weekend before and then let's say, let's split it down the window, down the middle. Rather it falls on a Wednesday. Where, where is the acceptable time frame? Because I think Friday, once we start getting later in the week, it becomes tricky.
Speaker D: That's a good question. And I would say that you are allowed to bookend. You are allowed to bookend both weekends, but the Monday and Tuesday, Thursday, Friday would probably be where I would, I would probably like tweet something angry I think, on those days, but I'm giving the pass on both weekends. That is truly me being an old crank and I'm not sure how I feel about my own response there. Chamber.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I think if it lands on a Wednesday immediately, that's the following weekend. So I'm nothing. Adding Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. Absolutely.
Speaker D: That's, that's the chamber weekend, baby.
Speaker C: If it's a Tuesday, then it's, it's the previous weekend. So it's, you know, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday. So this week for me was what I was off Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and then today.
Speaker D: What's worse, what's more annoying to you? Is it fireworks well past the 4 July or any firework, you know, related holiday? Or is it the person who happy New Year's you into Valentine's Day number two?
Speaker C: It's not even close. Because I mean, a worst, worst case scenario, maybe three days after the day, you'll still have fireworks. Like nobody, like, you know what I mean? If you're a fireworks person, you're not going to just have them around for a week. They're going to be used up. So maybe three days after the fact, somebody that wishes me a happy new year, even January 20, like, get out of my face, get out of my face. With that. I hope I put a curse on your year on the 21st.
Speaker D: Wow. You would curse their year.
Speaker C: Spit on the ground, flick, you know, whatever, you bite your tongue, but your thumb at them, whatever, whatever. The curse move is big.
Speaker D: You big thumb biters out there, big.
Speaker C: Thumb biters brush their cheek with my hand and say, thinner, really quieting, riding.
Speaker D: Past on a moose, just biting your thumb at passersby who wish you a happy new year into February.
Speaker C: Exactly.
Speaker D: I understand, chamber. I. Go ahead, sir. I'm feeling you're weighing in on the happy new year.
Speaker E: Yeah, chamber, I just forgot that I never actually. So happy new year.
Speaker C: Thanks, man. All the best to you and the fam.
Speaker D: That was good. That was good. Quality circles, man. I enjoyed that one chamber. You know, I hope you saved a little bit of your capital this year. Did spend it on fireworks, because there are some fire sales going on in the NFT market. I'm just wondering if, when, when and if the apes dip to 20 here. Are you making your move that you. You said you might buy around there?
Speaker C: We have to go check the tapes, because Des and I were talking about this last week when, when you were away, and we forgot what the numbers were. We knew we were getting close to some of the numbers, but we forgot, you know, the specific, you know, the over unders and what. I think we had made a few, Des and I made a few predictions, but where are we? Are we, like, are we at 20?
Speaker D: Apes currently are at a floor price of 29.49 with a best offer of 27.7.
Speaker C: I don't know where the bo.
Speaker F: It's going.
Speaker C: I don't know where the bottom. Exactly.
Speaker D: Yeah. Jweb. You think so? J Webb, where do you see it gone?
Speaker F: I mean, I don't know where it's going to go. I just know it's going lower because there's just so many liquidations happening right now. Like, I'm not, I don't want to get on a rant, but, like, the, the people who have been leveraging, you know, risky assets like NFTs are out of their goddamn minds. Like, I've seen so, so many people who've been long time AP holders are getting liquidated because, you know, they got greedy and they start borrowing against their apes. And it's just absolutely, it's just so dumb.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's a. So what is the. Where is this all happening? Mostly Bendao right now.
Speaker F: I think there's some on bend out, there's some on blend. You know, we got Machi, who is still here, blur farming, and is just, you know, getting apes dropped on him and then is having to dump him back on other. On other people. So it's been. Yeah, it's been a combination of a lot of things.
Speaker D: I'm looking, I'm trying to find on Bendao right now. We've got, let's see. Board apes available to borrow floor price 30. Let's see. No, that's bolt. That's borrowing still. Where do I find the auctions? Let's see. Available on auction. Oh, boy. A lot of Azuki on top of this list. I guess maybe because it starts with a. Let's go with that. But there's. Let's see if you're looking at board apes. Currently no Bendao auctions. It looks like on the apes. Azuki.
Speaker F: That's not. I'm looking at one right now.
Speaker D: Why can't I see that?
Speaker F: I'm not sure. I'm looking at, like, board ape 7643 as being auctioned, but there are definitely auctions going on.
Speaker D: Maybe it's because I don't have my wallet connected. I don't know.
Speaker F: Yeah. Current high bid on this one is 24.2 with like nine and a half hours left on the auction.
Speaker D: Interesting. Jweb, would you, do you think at any point you would either step in to buy another one or like, call bottom or are you kind of a. I don't really know where going, how far down it goes, and I'm just along for the ride.
Speaker F: Um, I would like to say that I'd buy another if they got to 20, but at the same time, I guess I would buy one at 20. If we saw a nice dip on Eth down to like 1512 hundred. But if ETH continues to chop in the 19s or if it breaks two k, probably not fair.
Speaker D: Cat. Gm.
Speaker G: Gm. Hey, audio is probably shitty.
Speaker D: I apologize.
Speaker G: Tell me if it's too bad.
Speaker C: You sound wonderful.
Speaker D: You do sound pretty good.
Speaker G: You may be looking at like, apes available to auction. So, like, there's. There's a pool of assets that someone has to start the auction, and then there's ones that are currently in auction.
Speaker D: I see. I was. I was looking at available to auction instead of loans in auction. That is it.
Speaker G: So those, those available to auction. I think that's alpha. I talked about it in the war room over the weekend and just didn't make any plays. But there was like a dozen doodles available to auction when the floor was like one, three. And there's a first bid bonus. So to incentivize people to bid on these, endow incentivizes them depending on how much is out there with these doodles, it was a 0.2 e first bid bonus. So it's like free money. Now, granted, you're risking catching a falling knife or attempting to here and the floors keep dropping, but I think this is an interesting time to trade and particularly leverage these assets coming from auction. If you can time it right. Like, all those doodles are gone now because someone saw it. And it was an easy. Because you're getting the extra .2 now the risk is like, it's a 24 hours auction. So in that case, if the floor falls more than 0.2 in those 24 hours, you're in the red. But I think some of these, as we start finding some floors, if you're interested in trading, I think those potentially going into auction and taking advantage of that first bid bonus is a risky way to trade in this market. But for. If you're looking for some dopamine, that's. That's a good find.
Speaker D: That's super interesting. So wait, what is the difference though then from the available two versus the. Obviously loans in auction are defaulted and they are.
Speaker G: Someone already started them. So someone has to actually bid on.
Speaker D: Oh, God.
Speaker G: If not like those suzuki's that are way underwater. No one's gonna start those auctions. Bend out.
Speaker F: Just stuck.
Speaker D: I see, cuz. Yeah. Cuz they're. They're minus three Ethan profits. Yeah, I see.
Speaker G: Yeah, they like a first bid bonus and then it may not even make sense, you know?
Speaker D: Yeah, totally. That makes.
Speaker C: That's what I would. That's what I would call alpha take, you know, not a beta take. Cap. Get.
Speaker D: Look at you paying attention to the timeline today coming in with context. I'm proud of you. Good for you. That's it for those listening who may not get, in fact, a reference to the J web hot take tweet from this morning. A response. I actually blocked that guy. I blocked that person.
Speaker C: Did you really?
Speaker D: I don't know. Yeah, because, like, I blocked a couple of the ones that just came in straight up, like, attacking. And I was so. I was just like, you know, this person doesn't seem like they would add any value to my life. So glad that you came into my timeline so I could promptly block you.
Speaker F: I did the old deal, toss the grenade on the timeline and then muted the conversation.
Speaker D: You certainly. That's the move. Oh, you got a couple back and forth in there. I. I gave you the initial like. And then I saw the notifications just stacking up and I was like, oh, no, this is gonna be. This is gonna be something. So that's pretty funny chamber. Good for you. For.
Speaker C: Yeah, I was. It was so funny because I just saw the tweet and I was just like, well, that's, you know what a nice tweet. Like, I just thought, you know, like, that's so nice. And then I was getting the notification. I'm like, this seems to be getting out of hand. Just a nice tweet from Jwebden. Here we are.
Speaker D: That's really. Speaking of reading chamber, did you get rate limited over the weekend.
Speaker C: I did not. I wanted to ask you guys, because I saw a bunch of stuff about it and I saw some memes about it, but I actually don't know what the rules are. Is it replies only or is it tweets only or is it a combination of the two?
Speaker D: So the last that I saw, and I don't even know if this actually went into effect or if it was just something that was going to be in effect in the future, but the, the rate limiting was on number of tweets you could read in a 24 hours period. So even so, that includes, like, you know, you're scrolling or anything like that. And the number was initially like, 8004 or, sorry, 6000 for verify, 600 for non verified. And then. And then he tweeted that they bumped it to eight and eight. And then the last thing I saw was that it was going to be bumped to, like, 10,000 tweets a day. But I don't know if that actually ever went to effect. I'm actually really, you know, remember a couple of weeks ago when I got suspended and went on that rant about how I should spend less time on Twitter because, you know, stuff out of my control was going to happen and I was going to. And I was very upset that it affected, like, my well being in terms of, like, how I felt about myself and things. Well, I had another one of these over the weekend where, you know, I'm looking at my timeline and everybody's posting pictures of themselves or screenshots of themselves getting rate limited. And I didn't hit the rate limit one single time. So I went, man, I either did a really good job of cutting back on Twitter or, like, I'm not nearly the degen I thought I was. And I'm not sure which one it is. Did you. You didn't find yourself rate limited?
Speaker C: It's weird because. So I was away most of the weekend and I'm, I'm on my, I'm on my phone enough, though. Like, I. But it's, it's not the same routine, right? Like, at home, I know when I'm totally. And on top of all of that, I feel like I was on Twitter so much this weekend because on top of all that, it was on Friday at, I think, six eastern was the start of NBA free agency. So, I mean, it was like, that's a big.
Speaker D: How do I get one of those NBA jobs?
Speaker C: It's not, it's all, it's a, I.
Speaker D: Mean, you got mediocre talent getting $80 million contracts it's just like there was.
Speaker C: Some, there was some real questionable contracts going out this, this offseason. But, yeah, so, like, but I'm on, I was on my phone all weekend, like looking, you know, you know, on the timeline. I peruse both NBA and crypto and NfT Twitter. And yeah, I didn't see any, you know, I only saw people getting, what was it called? Limited.
Speaker D: Getting raped rate limited.
Speaker C: See, but I've seen that before, though. Like I, you know, you know, in months past where because, you know, we're doing stuff on the dj and handle, we're doing stuff on, you know, mint condition and our own. And I forget which one I've seen it on, but I've seen like rate limit, you know, reached or whatever it was in the past and then.
Speaker D: Yeah, but this, I think, is different because, I mean, it's like directly related to how many tweets you can actually even look at scroll essentially, and then it locks you out of everything else. Like, uh, Joe down there had an issue with his account after that seems to be a casualty of this. Uh, some other, I think circles said he had a issue that, well, he definitely got rate limited. Um, but he also said he might have had an account issue. So there was like some, some secondary backlash from all of this stuff as well. I didn't get rate limited, so I don't know if I'm a not. But same scenario it was, you know, over the weekend, we had like guests over, so I wasn't doing my normal doom scrolling routine. So, you know, maybe I will on Wednesday when I'm back in full swing, but we'll see. Before we go back to Jweb, I did want to ask you, Chambers, since you did, you mentioned you hang around in the crypto NFT NBA Twitter circles. Do you ever run into Jweb on NBA Twitter and what kind of places.
Speaker C: It over NBA Twitter? I don't run into Jweb. And I'm always looking for people over there. You know, I'll hop onto some and.
Speaker D: Like, you know what I mean by that is like, you ever, you ever find one of these like really viral tweets and you go look at the comments and there's like 30 NFT Twitter mfers down there and you're just like, oh, wow, we're all over the.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, it's pretty rare. I mean, that may have happened once or twice, but I haven't seen, I.
Speaker D: Haven'T seen j web yet because I do remember seeing a tweet from Jweb about if you thought nfT Twitter was bad, NBA twitter, different ballgame.
Speaker C: Yeah, but that being said, the engagement is nuts. Like, I put a reply on like on a tweet and I had like a thousand likes. It had like 100K impressions. It was nuts. I'm like, man, I'm definitely in the wrong.
Speaker D: Should we just be pivoting to different five year pivot? Yeah. Where we can, where we can take. Look, I'm totally, look, here's the deal. You know me, I'm not the biggest NBA. I know you. You're not the biggest NFT.
Speaker C: That's true.
Speaker D: So I've carried, you know, the majority of this show for a very long time. I'm willing to just ride the coattails of an NBA show.
Speaker C: It's really easy. These guys don't know what they're talking about. No, I think this is a good, I think it's an easy pivot. And honestly, the sample pool is monstrous. We'll be able to ten x our listenership without even making a ripple in the entire landscape. So we'll be just fine.
Speaker D: Wow, that, that is an attractive proposition. I've been looking for so many reasons to stop doing this show. So I'm down the J. Webb, what's up?
Speaker F: No, so a couple things. It would be an easy pivot, especially once you have the sports betting bot going. Like once, once the bot is live and cranking out winners, like, you'll have no problem with content on that side. I did want to bring up with chamber, speaking of gambling in the Lakers, looking at the NBA futures best. I don't hate the Lakers at plus 1200 to win the title this year. I know as a Nuggets fan I shouldn't say that.
Speaker C: That's okay.
Speaker F: They made some sharp, they made some, some sharp moves and I think twelve to one on your money for a Lakers title isn't the worst number in the world.
Speaker C: I mean, you basically, what you're just hoping for is LeBron and ad are healthy at the right time. I mean, that, that's the bat. I mean, that's a big bet though.
Speaker F: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker C: Because everything else is still got, you know, everything else is in place. Tons of data.
Speaker F: You brought the other guys back. Yep. Tons of depth. Uh, there's, you know, a longer period time for them to kind of gel like.
Speaker C: Exactly.
Speaker F: And everybody. So I think, I think they could have a strong year and I'm not super thrilled about what the Nuggets did, uh, so far. So the west could be, the west is pretty open.
Speaker C: Could be Miami. That's tough to be a Miami fan today, but, yeah, it's. Or Portland. Portland would be a tough team to be rooting for.
Speaker D: Also, see, look how easy this was. You guys. You guys come on, and you can talk NBA and just make vape noises for color commentary. And I think we've got ourselves a show.
Speaker F: The. And honestly, most. I don't know, chamber, if you agree, but most NBA Twitter spaces are terrible. Like, you. They are so bad. Like, they cannot, like, keep a conversation going. It is. It's. It's brutal. So it's like. And I have a buddy who does great NBA content on YouTube. I'm like, dude, I don't know why you're not running a space here. Like, when there's.
Speaker C: I'm always looking for games, especially this.
Speaker F: Time, there's no good ones.
Speaker C: I agree.
Speaker F: Yeah. Like, there's no good way. So I think there's a. There's a void that could be filled right there.
Speaker C: J web and chamber show. It's about basketball.
Speaker D: Speaking of. Speaking of basketball, chamber. Let's get a little. Chamber travels to the first mint.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah.
Speaker D: How's that going? I did see a tweet over the weekend, or maybe it was. I don't remember if it was.
Speaker C: I think it was on Thursday.
Speaker D: Okay. Because we didn't do a show Friday. Right. So. We did not. But I did see that you had a wonderful conversation with one lg do set, so I'm. The last thing we talked about was you were struggling internally on what it meant that they asked you to run the streamyard. And I said. I said, it's actually a hat tip to your skills, and you should be honored that they would put that trust in your hands, and so I need. I didn't want. If I was right. And two, just the status of you and the first.
Speaker C: So that's the spirit I took into the. I took it to our first meeting, but, yeah.
Speaker D: Good, good. I'm glad that you went in with that vigor.
Speaker C: And a lot of it is just.
Speaker D: Let's set the tone here. What was the first meeting like? Was there a calendar invite? Did you show up five minutes early?
Speaker C: You know me.
Speaker D: Walk us through the screen. I mean, paint us a world.
Speaker C: I guarantee you could. Exactly. You would know exactly what's happening. So, yes, there was a calendar invite. Yes, I was five minutes early, like. Like a good boy. And, yeah, it was me and LG, and we were, you know, we chatted for a little bit. Turns out we're from the, you know, the same part of the country we are both, actually, the three of us. I mean, Phil wasn't there, but they're brothers, it turns out. I'm sure. I'm sure everybody knows that except for me, but, yeah, we're both. All three of us are bilingual and both english and french parents, so it was.
Speaker D: I feel like this is something not very many people know about you. What percentage of the audience would you say actually knows that you're bilingual?
Speaker C: Probably not much. Maybe 10%.
Speaker D: Yeah. Do. Why don't you say a little something in French?
Speaker C: No, I won't be. I'm not. I'm not dancing like a monkey.
Speaker D: Okay, listen, I can speak, but it's so good.
Speaker C: Well, that's fine. You can eavesdrop.
Speaker D: Do you teach your kids French, as well?
Speaker C: Uh, no. No. And we actually had that.
Speaker D: So what you said bilingual parents, you just meth parents that speak?
Speaker C: My parents were, yeah, our parents. So, like, my parents are, you know, one's French and one's English, and so. So are their parents. And we both grew up in french school, so I grew up in french schools, and only when I went. Went away to college was. Was like, I actually got to go in an english school, and that's how.
Speaker D: I feel about going to catholic school.
Speaker C: Right. So, yeah, so we. Very similar background. We have a lot of small town references that we both, you know, that we all got. And we talked about nineties wrestling, which is apparently a big part of our show. I explained to them, I mean, we talk technical stuff. I'm like, yeah, I know what I'm doing. I'm like, just show me the one. So we literally took maybe two minutes to kind of look at the streamyard stuff. He understood quickly that I, you know, have a firm grasp on it, so he wasn't too worried, but, yeah, we just had just a nice conversation, and, I mean, I'm very different when I'm not on the show. I guess just more subdued, I think. A little quieter right there.
Speaker D: I mean, there's chamber, and then there's Chad.
Speaker C: Chad's just a normal guy. He's, you know, I'm not looking to crack jokes. Not, you know, 100% of the time. Yeah, just.
Speaker D: It's tiring.
Speaker C: It is tiring. It's exhausting.
Speaker D: It's exhausting.
Speaker C: So, yeah, just.
Speaker D: Just being your level. You being your level of funny all the time. It's both for you and recipient.
Speaker C: Yeah, imagine my poor wife. But, yeah, it's. Yeah. So, just, again, it's. I think they maybe had an, you know, expectation of. Of what I was gonna be like. And, you know, maybe it's not the same. And I'm like, oh, you know, he's a bit more.
Speaker D: So do you think that. That they are actually happy now that you won this?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think I won them over.
Speaker D: Come full, sir.
Speaker C: I think I won them over with my, you know, my. With your charisma. My riz, as the kids would say.
Speaker D: Is that what that stands for?
Speaker C: Yeah, that's. That's what it stands for.
Speaker D: Okay. That I don't. That that one is.
Speaker C: I might be a risk. I'm not sure.
Speaker D: I. I don't know what that one is. I've heard it a couple times and that one's new to me.
Speaker C: I think it usually means, like, to the opposite sex normally, but, uh, I don't know, I think.
Speaker D: Wait, what? Sorry. Walk me.
Speaker C: You know what I mean? Like, I would have Riz.
Speaker D: Oh, is it like having gay?
Speaker C: Yeah, but like, charisma, you know, is. Is the root word there, but yes, more game. But I think you could have Riz for, you know, just regular. Regular day conversations like me.
Speaker D: Just casual. Casual.
Speaker C: Riz King.
Speaker D: Yeah. So Riz King. Is that the thing?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think so. That's what I hear.
Speaker D: Liz down in the audience. Just totally thumbs downing us. Paid. Thumbs downing us. Just a couple of Riz Kings out here on the day before 4th July trying to. Just try to have a good time, people. All right. Oh, my God. Riz Kings. I didn't. I. That's a new one to me. One of my fondest episodes that we ever did was chamber tries to understand slang. The slang or the Gen x slang we should probably bring.
Speaker C: I feel like I've incorporated 100% of it at this point.
Speaker D: Uh, yeah, the one like, gosh, I can't remember some of the ones.
Speaker C: Like, fit. This was years ago.
Speaker D: Yeah, fit. The one that got you at the time was like, cap and no cap. Like, you didn't. You didn't get that one.
Speaker C: I'll say, I'll say cap once in a while.
Speaker F: This feels like an always sunny episode, like the gang discovers or something.
Speaker D: Speaking of, I just watched the one last night with Cranston. Did you? I did.
Speaker C: I like a good crossover episode. It was fine. To me. It was a. It was a season filler. But you got to see Bryan Cranston and Ann Paul, and then you got a classic Bryan Cranston monologue in it.
Speaker D: That was really good.
Speaker C: Yeah, I thought pretty good.
Speaker D: Speaking of Riz Kings, let's go down to pain.
Speaker C: Payne Gm I think pain's a riz king for sure.
Speaker D: There's not often I come up, but.
Speaker A: I just had to come up and say, this is completely unacceptable. You all cannot be calling each other.
Speaker D: Riz Kings and talking about fits like that. What is happening right now? We gotta have something.
Speaker C: Quit capping. Okay.
Speaker D: Yeah, this is total cap.
Speaker A: That is not the right use of.
Speaker C: Which is even better. Yeah, well, I apologize. Pain. I'll stop using risking. But it sounds so cool, though. That's the problem. It does sound cool.
Speaker D: I want you to go tell your daughter you're a Riz King and see how she responds. Please record the response.
Speaker C: She'll use hurtful language towards me, and.
Speaker D: I don't know if I'm mentally prepared for the last. For the last ten minutes of the show. We're going to test you on your. On your 2023 slang. I just pulled up a list here. Ten english slang terms you need to know in 2023. I don't know half of. Wow. All right, so do you know the term it's giving?
Speaker C: Yes. Yeah, I think I do know this, actually.
Speaker D: Please define it. Use it in a sentence.
Speaker C: So usually it's giving vibes. So it's giving. It's telling you, oh, you might be wearing something, and it's giving ris king vibes. Maybe something like that. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker D: Is that accurate? Yeah, I'm trying to find the correct. All right. You're one for one. It's giving. You could throw this one into a conversation. To describe the vibe someone is giving you is a dress you're wearing or you're trying on a little too formal. Maybe it's giving prom. Your friends have choreographed a particularly cheesy dance. Maybe it's giving. High school musical. Wow.
Speaker C: Amazing.
Speaker D: In fact, if something is just great, you could also use it's giving as a standalone comic.
Speaker C: I love it.
Speaker D: Wow. That one is. That one just sounds weird to me. Playing term number two, era. Please define era.
Speaker C: Can you spell it?
Speaker D: Era.
Speaker C: Okay. Like era. Okay.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: All right. I don't know. I have no clue. I thought it was gonna be like, you know, like a record scratching noise at first. No, not that.
Speaker D: All right. This one's pretty strange. Straightforward chamber. You're not. You're not going to. You're gonna be upset yourself. Think of this as a substitute for faze. Super into ramen lately. Looks like you're in your ramen era. Maybe someone's been causing a lot of drama recently. They're in their villain era.
Speaker C: Gotcha. You know what? I think I've heard this, actually, now. Now that you say it like that.
Speaker D: Okay. That you're one for two. I think you're gonna get this one. Number three. I yK. YK.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah. If you know, you know. Yeah, I use that 40 year old man.
Speaker D: Me too. I ykyk.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: I yK. YK. Yeah, that's right. It's weirder to try to say, okay, you know, this one. This one's not. This one is not new, but I guess it's still a thing we say in 2023. Slay.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah. I mean, I think we have our slay kingdom, uh, from episodes past. Uh, no. Who was the guy that we had on? And then he. I think we were having this conversation, and he was some, like, tech boomer from somewhere, and I forgot. And he said he.
Speaker D: Oh, oh. Oh, God. From Ledger.
Speaker C: From Ledger. That's right.
Speaker D: Yeah. Joel.
Speaker C: Joel, he's our. He. He referenced sleigh.
Speaker D: That's where Suss, or what exactly came from.
Speaker C: That's amazing.
Speaker D: Okay, so I would say you are. Gosh, you're three for four. Pretty good. Fell off. Number five.
Speaker C: Is, like, what I would say. Like, if I were to use that, it would be like, somebody's not as good at something anymore. Like, they fell off.
Speaker D: Correct. This is. It's what it sounds like. As a celeb who previously reigned supreme, really not been killing it as much lately or totally disappeared off the radar for cases such as these. You could say they fell off.
Speaker C: I feel good.
Speaker D: I feel like these one. These ones are not as. As difficult.
Speaker C: I remember our first go was hard.
Speaker D: I'll see if I can find another list here. But your next one is gatekeep.
Speaker C: Oh, that's easy. I'm trying to think what I. Gatekeep. But you could have different gatekeepers for different things. There's a lot of music gatekeeping. So here's a good example. I think last year, I think in the last season of Stranger Things, there was a big Metallica song in it, and a bunch of kids were learning about master of puppets, and a lot of the old guard of metal heads were upset about it and didn't want all these new kids listening to Metallica. They were, in fact, gatekeeping. Their access to Metallica. Is that accurate?
Speaker D: Yeah, I would say that is accurate. This one says, this one stays pretty close to the original definition, but it's used slightly different context. Don't want to share that cute cafe you found where maybe your friend is being cagey about where they got their new dog. This is referred to as gatekeeping. And for the record, cool kids don't gatekeep. So look, this means don't keep your alpha to yourself, essentially, is what it means. Share the fucking alpha. All right, I'm going to switch lists here because this other one's got some new good ones. This one, there's no way you get. If you get this one.
Speaker C: Let me just rip my.
Speaker D: I don't even know how to say it. I don't even know how to say it. God, I'm not even going to be able to say this properly. Cheugy.
Speaker C: Oh, easy. I use Cheugy every single day.
Speaker D: So Cheugy no way.
Speaker C: Is like basic bitch stuff. Especially, like, older millennial older or younger Gen X. Like, Cheugy would be like cottagecore, if you're familiar with this, like, you know, a lot of Instagram, like cottage core.
Speaker D: Using words I don't even know. When did it become a thing to just add core?
Speaker C: So Cheugy is like, skinny jeans right now are chewy. Does any. Any skinny pant right now is very cheugy. If.
Speaker D: What does that even.
Speaker C: It means it's old. Like your old, kinda like your old school. Like, this is the tack. Yeah. Like generation prior. Like, you're not up with the time.
Speaker D: Okay. Okay. That there's the. There's the right one. It says popularized in the fashion industry, chewy is meant to describe something that's opposite of trendy. That fit is so cheeky. Am I chewy if I just started watching game of correct.
Speaker C: You are chewy. My wife's very cheugy.
Speaker D: I do. There's so many good ones on here. Let's see. I feel like a lot of these. We already.
Speaker C: I can't believe you pulled Chewy. I remember seeing that a while ago. Thought it was the funniest thing in the world that I incorporated immediately.
Speaker D: I'm just gonna read this list because I think most of them you'll know, so I'm not gonna go through each of them. One. Savage. Number two woke. Stop me if you don't know any. Three sus. Four. Riz.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: This says, how good are you at flirting, aka spitting game? The word Riz was likely derived from charisma and describes your ability to pick up a love interest. So it is. You got your. You are a Riz king. The Riz God. Pain is back at it again. He's got so much. He does. Iyk. Iyk. We went over. It's giving simp. We know that one very well. Touchgrass is on this list. I'm pretty sure some of these came from us. Some of these definitely came from.
Speaker C: We're very trendy industry.
Speaker D: That's right, Stan.
Speaker C: Of course. Yeah.
Speaker D: Slay chewgie. Yeet.
Speaker C: Yep.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: Big throat.
Speaker D: Yeah. Yeah, you gotta yeet it out at the club. I believe is my daughter likes to.
Speaker C: Yeet my phone down the stairs.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah, exactly. Finna which we know cap three, obviously. Yeah.
Speaker C: It was one that I had that. It took me a sec, but I think it. I think it means, like, I'm fitting to. Or, like, it's like a. Can you give me the.
Speaker D: It's basically like I'm going to. Right?
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, I'm fit. Yeah. Okay. I got.
Speaker D: Or fixing. Fixing. Maybe that's.
Speaker C: I'm fixing to. I'm finna okay. Okay. I'm good. I'm good.
Speaker D: Cat or cap, which is an oldie goodie. Rent free. I feel like that's. We do a lot on, uh, crypto, twitter. Live rent free in each other's brains. Uh, mid. We definitely use that. That one to describe chambers means, uh, just the letter p. How about that? Do you know p?
Speaker C: I don't think so.
Speaker D: Just the letter to be p or push p means that you're staying real and being positive. If you're pushing p, you're making moves to improve your circumstances and provide for the people around you. Keeping it p, question mark. Respect.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: Don't worry. Worrying about what you can't control ain't pee is what it says. All right, bet we know that one. Right turn.
Speaker C: Yeah, I feel like. I feel like we invented turn, but.
Speaker D: Yeah, like, cope is. Cope's a CT. Classic. Sheesh. I feel like I've been saying she. I feel like she makes me feel old. That's on this.
Speaker C: Like she's, uh.
Speaker D: I guess. Yeah. You got to say it like that. This. Yeah, the two examples here have, uh, multiple extra e's. Yes, extra oof. L. And that one's. That's it for this l, just the letter l. And. Yeah, like, taking l. Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: Only other ones on here. And this other list was that we didn't cover here. Situationship.
Speaker C: I don't even know. That's for a lifestyle that I'm not a part of. I don't know what that is.
Speaker D: You're not just friends, but you're also not really in a relationship. Sounds like you've got yourself a situation. This handy term can be cracked out for all that in between zone where you're not quite sure where you and the other person stand. So you're correct. You do not live a lifestyle that would have a situationship into in it. The. And the only other one here, I don't. I don't know. But that's the only other one on this list here is private, not secret. Do you know what this means?
Speaker C: Private, not secret? I don't know. Is it something to do, like text messaging? I don't know.
Speaker D: This one. I don't know what this means either. This one is particularly relevant on social media and applies to couple pics where someone is being private but not secret about their significant other. Maybe it's a simple shot of their hands intertwined at the dinner table or a selfie where their phone is conveniently covering up their partner's face. They're keeping their relationship private but not a secret.
Speaker C: Okay, I get that. I get that. I'm learning so many things. Private, not secret. You still there?
Speaker D: Yeah, my. I'm having new dongle, new day. Just issues all over the place. I don't even know. Apparently you can also be used as a verb. Oh, she's private. Not secreting him.
Speaker C: I see. I feel like that's a generation.
Speaker D: I did see Morgan pop up to talk about all the slang. I'll throw it to Morgan if she's still there.
Speaker C: Morgan's very shuggy, by the way.
Speaker H: I've already forgotten what that means.
Speaker D: What's too Gigi is not trendy. We got the Morgan at 05:00 p.m. on July 3. This is a good day.
Speaker H: No, I was going to say I think that Chad here is really trialing. Well, because I am not cheugy, but Chad is definitely cheugy. I think I'm using that the right way.
Speaker D: No, you're using it the opposite. You would be not cheugy. And I go, wait, no, that's right. I guess no thing is chewy. It means it's not trendy. So you are cheugy because you're not trendy. Chamber is not cheugy. Meaning he is trendy. Is that how you would say that?
Speaker H: Okay, all right, now. Now, I think I'm tracking to me at this point, but I do have to admit I went into Sephora the other day, and there was a very young Gen Z individual at the counter helping me. And I'm just getting my. My makeup as, you know, my mid thirties woman that I am. And I was asking her a question. She goes, mmm, just trust, girl. Trust.
Speaker C: I love it.
Speaker H: And I looked at her, I was literally so confused. I said, excuse me. And she goes, trust. I got you. And I was like, I don't trust you. I don't even know your name. What is actually happening here right now?
Speaker D: Trust. Trust. Girl. This ain't too g. No, cap. This. This car is gonna look banging on you.
Speaker H: Exactly. And then she said my face was beat, which I guess is now a compliment.
Speaker C: Oh, really?
Speaker H: It means that you look good. Like, your makeup look on point.
Speaker C: I guess.
Speaker H: No, cat is, like, beat. And it was like, a good thing. It's. Dude, I need Google translate nowadays with the younger generation.
Speaker C: Interesting.
Speaker D: We are a bunch of olds on this stage.
Speaker F: I was gonna say, if we want a raisin brand sponsorship, we could probably get one of those.
Speaker D: I feel like true grape sounds more like sugar cereal than a real word. I'm gonna eat a bowl of cheugy for breakfast tomorrow morning and celebrate America. That's what we're doing here. That's a good place to wrap, right?
Speaker C: Yes, it is.
Speaker D: We did our. I've been dying to do this with you again for a long time, so out of here. You performed way better than the first.
Speaker C: I wonder if it has anything to do. I think it's twofold. I think it's having a daughter, like a. You know what she likes.
Speaker D: That's what I like.
Speaker C: A preteen daughter. But also the amount I'm on tick tock. I think those two things, that was.
Speaker D: The other thing I was gonna say is, you've been spending a lot of time on tick tock. Some are calling you the Riz king of TikTok.
Speaker C: Some people. Some people.
Speaker D: And some people are saying that, and you're. It's not because your handle is canadian Riz king. It's for other Rizzo. But the. I was going to say you. And it might even be the NFT space as well, because I think the first time we did this, we were still doing, like, the crypto side of the podcast and not in the NFT space. And I feel like this is a different vibe over here. It's much younger and full of risk and, you know, Iyk. Iyk. And then that's it.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. No, just before we leave, too, I forgot to tell you the funniest part of the meeting with. With the first mint crew is after. Finished. After we finished talking, he's like, what a life you lead. And he said, your name's Chad, you work in the cannabis industry, and you're also into nfts. And he's like, that's the. That's the most gigachad thing I've ever heard. And I thought that was pretty funny. It's embarrassing. I have to bring this up occasionally when people ask me what I do for a living. And it was. It was highlighted in that meeting specifically.
Speaker H: You're really chatted tradies though, because you.
Speaker C: Are the hero of I just not like Paul. Trust, trust, trust.
Speaker D: That is gonna do it for us today. Happy 4 July for all. Celebrating Happy Canada Day. Belated for all of our canadian friends. And if you're just celebrating just cuz happy day to you as well. That's gonna do it for us. We will be back on Wednesday and Friday. Don't forget what days today is. Today Monday. We've got night shift tonight at 11:00 p.m. on the YouTube. Tomorrow morning, coffee with. Actually, I don't know. Coffee on tomorrow on Independence Day. I'm not even sure. Give me a thumbs up or thumbs down cap. Either way, show up at 08:00 and maybe you'll be surprised. J. Webb. You got off tomorrow. I assume I'm going to take that as a yes. So there is coffee with captain. No lunch break, which I would not expect to happen. But check out night shift tonight at eleven and we'll be back on Wednesday. And until next time, stay mint.
