Speaker A: Live. Hey, everybody. Welcome to the show.
Speaker B: Oh, hey.
Speaker C: This episode is brought to you by the Degen community network media for the decentralized generation. If you want to connect or to check out more great NFT and crypto content, go to dgen.net work. That's dgen.net work. Oh, hey there, buddy.
Speaker B: You should probably play our intro music.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: Fucked. Hello and welcome to the Mint condition. I am Bunshu, alongside with my esteemed colleagues and co hosts, chamber and Des Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker A: Not doing great. Not. Apparently not. Not with it today.
Speaker B: I can't. I was sitting there ready to dance, and I was like, where are we going? You know, what's happening?
Speaker A: I'm like, why isn't he. Why isn't he starting to.
Speaker B: Well, I like the intro music, and I wasn't starting without it. Des, how you doing, buddy?
Speaker C: I am doing good. I feel like we need to, you know, how, like those fancy podcasts, now that we're, you know, top ten everywhere, I feel like those fancy podcasts always have just, like, a ridiculous audio clip hook in the beginning, before the music and intro kicks, we just need to do something, like, really provocative every episode.
Speaker B: Oh, I mean. You mean the. You mean like. Like us saying something before the episode?
Speaker C: Yes. Yes.
Speaker B: I mean, I don't know if you know this, but we actually do, like, chamber start.
Speaker C: He hits record and we say something.
Speaker A: Off day today, guys. I followed.
Speaker C: Yeah, he's off today, man.
Speaker B: Sorry. H. Bishop. H. Bishop already commenting that he's dripping in Gmail. Just sounds so erotic. Love it. We have a great show lined up for you today. We are going to do a couple of our favorite segments in the first half, and then we're joined by the business goat Eric to talk about the Dow Don project on the back half of the show. So, first of all, I guess, let's start with chamber. I'm going to ask you the question I always ask you. How are you feeling about the market?
Speaker A: I go through these, you know, these ups and downs, and I feel like, I don't know, like those last, like, two days. I'm like, I'm about to go broke in nfTs. I don't. Do you guys get that where it's just like, you're not getting that, like, endorphin rush of, like, a pump, and then I'm like, oh. Like nothing's really happening. I'm like, I'm making bad decisions. Not that I'm not even, like, making bad decisions, probably. No. You know, I'm not really doing anything. Haven't traded all that much and. Yeah, I just feel like it's like in my mind I'm going to zero. Like, just personally, not necessarily the whole market, but I feel like I'm going to zero sometimes.
Speaker B: I need to remix the James Taylor song. Going to Carolina in my mind to you going to zero in your.
Speaker A: Going to zero in my mind.
Speaker B: We'Re going to, we're going to hire somebody to do that. I think phonics needs somebody to talk him off the ledge.
Speaker A: So I hear you, man. Right? Like I, this guy's sporting, a guy sporting a moon, moon bird. He's talking about ledges. Like, I feel the same way, sir.
Speaker B: That moonbird looks awfully familiar.
Speaker A: That's, yeah, that was me and, me and phonics did a little swaparoonie the other day.
Speaker B: So did you get Ranger Rick the movie?
Speaker A: Did I? Honestly, I think ranger hat.
Speaker C: Ranger.
Speaker B: I don't know why.
Speaker C: That's not in many other collections. I think it looks so good.
Speaker A: I agree.
Speaker B: I like phonics is Ranger hat. He did not. He did.
Speaker A: I tried to talk him out of it a couple of times. I'm like, you sure, man? Like he's like, oh. And he felt like he was pulling one over on me. Like, no.
Speaker B: Talking of the ledge. Please drop here in the comments. All the things you need us to talk you off the ledge on, whether NFT related or personal. JPK says, is this wrecked? No, wreck doesn't exist anymore. We still have to have our, we still have to have our send off show at some point. But at some point, yeah, the, so, okay, you're feeling that the market's going to zero, or at least your personal des. How do you feel about the current state of affairs fairs?
Speaker C: We've been here before. We'll be here again. We'll be up again. It's just how it goes, man. It's just how it goes. I do think what I think is different this time is we have a huge, monumental thing happening in nfts this weekend, which is the other side land sale. And I'm sure we'll talk about that. But this is like the first time where I have zero clue whether it's going to go up down. It reminds me of that clip from my favorite, one of my favorite movies, to quote Wall street, where he's just like, you know, Matthew McConaughey said, I was like, we don't know if it's going to go up, down, sideways or in fucking circles. And that's the truth. That's the truth. So, yeah, I don't know. I don't know. But it's definitely down right now.
Speaker B: You don't know? You don't know if what's going up or down? Are you referring specifically to the market, general crypto or are you talking about specifically the Apeland sale, Apeland sales effect.
Speaker C: On the rest of the nfTs? I've heard theories that it's, you know, after it's going to give people liquidity because there's going to be so much secondary action that people are going to start buying up other stuff. I've heard it's going to drain all the liquidity out. No one's going to have any money to spend. I've heard all the different theories and honestly, I just don't know where I fall on that.
Speaker A: It's a lot trickier than like, the moonbirds one. Like we're, you know, birds was like a typical, you know, typical mint where you're minting an eth now. Like, you're including ape on top of that, which is like another like, factor you have to take into consideration. Like, am I buying up 20? I don't know what the price of ape is right now, but, like $20, we'll say give or take.
Speaker B: It is about to hit. Currently sitting at 1963.
Speaker A: Not bad. Not bad. Yeah. So like, yeah, do you buy a bunch of ape now and then the day of the sale, does, does ape tank? You know what I mean? Like, there's, there's a bunch of factors taken.
Speaker C: I don't see how any ape leftover after the sale doesn't immediately tank.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker C: I can't think of a reason why that wouldn't happen. It's gonna pump until the sale is done, but I can't imagine any reason unless they pull a crazy one, which I don't think they will and I don't think they can actually, but somehow take the secondary off of secondary, mark open secondary markets like Opensea and make it ape exclusive. I don't, I don't see how you a do that.
Speaker B: Or, you know, I have heard that there is a rumor that they could be launching an ape only marketplace. This at a similar, maybe not Saturday, but coming shortly after in which, and in which that could, you know, keep some of the flow of what's going on here in the market now. But also, don't forget that all of this ape that they're taking in is supposedly going to be locked up for a year. So potentially you have potentially up to like 10% of the total supply locked up in, in ape, you know, so for a year and not be touched. So interesting. But chamber, I totally agree with you that this one is fascinating because there's so many moving parts on what you have to. I mean, this is a very, this is a critical thinking problem from your sats. Right.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: ETH is at 2800 and eight is at 1969 and you have Max mint codas. At 12:00 on Saturday, you have a 10% chance to get to Houston, like.
Speaker A: 270 plots of land, and you have a 10% chance of getting a coda. How many codas will you get? Yeah, it's too much. And then. Yeah, like, do you dump the ape after? Do you have residual? Say you buy the ape and for whatever reason you don't get the land, or you don't get as much land as ape. You converted and then, like, it tanks and now you're like, you're kind of screwed. Twice. You didn't get the amount you wanted. Plus you've lost significantly on the purchase of the ape. You know what I mean? Like, if ape is $20 today and you buy an amount for, I don't know, six plots of land and you only get two plots of land, and then it goes to $12 the next day. You know what I mean? Like, that's tough. Yeah, that could be tough.
Speaker B: Yeah. It's going to be really interesting dynamic here. So let's, let's keep going down this road because we have a couple questions on it. But I just want to know first, did both of you Kyc.
Speaker C: No, it's a really touchy subject. So I was trying to bite the bullet on the last day and do it. I had held out not doing it for a while, decided I was going to do it, and I must have tried to 25 times, literally going back and forth between my phone and my thing, sending my id, getting different lights.
Speaker B: Was it the backside of the id? It was unbelievable.
Speaker C: Failed every single time. Finally through the back of the id, and then it just literally timed out and I was like, okay. And then it was past 09:00 p.m. pacific and I was out. You know, I was. So that's, that's the thing is, like, we are all idiots because now anyone who's Kyc holds the keys to the kingdom. I mean, legitimate Kyc.
Speaker A: Nice.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, so I did the same thing des did. I waited till the last day because I was like, I'm not doing this. I'm not kycing. I'm not doing it. I'm not doing it. And then I'm like, really? Am I going to sit out on this ape sale? Because I'm stubborn. It's not like I'm like this big doxxed person. Like, people know who I am, right? I don't really.
Speaker A: Yeah. The KyC wasn't the problem. I was more lazy.
Speaker B: But the same exact thing happened to me that happened to Des. I couldn't get the back of the id to work. I must have tried 30 times, and it was my driver's license that wouldn't work. I actually ended up using a picture of a front side of my license and the back side of my passport library card. Yeah, like, the backside, my passport card. And it finally took, but, yeah, it finally took. And so I have two.
Speaker C: I have two very important questions for you then, because that's phenomenal, is, a, how many people have reached out to you to buy land for them?
Speaker D: And then b, how much ape?
Speaker C: It's actually three questions. B, how much ape coin do you have? And then, c, what did you buy it at?
Speaker B: Okay, so this is, I think, a great thing to touch on because we got all of the craziness out of the like of what you're considering here. I bought my first bag of ape as soon as I found out that I was approved, and I think it was like, $14, and I bought six or I bought seven eth worth of ape at that price. Then I once the. Once the KyC stuff came out, that that was the only way you could get in to. I had the same thought you did, Des, where it's like, okay, keys to the castle. It feels like you just hit the moonbird raffle lottery, right? Where it feels like you're one of a smaller amount of people that can actually mint this with the demand, because I went on Twitter and I was shocked at how many people, even apes and mutant PFP people had said that they got shut out from Kyc, blah, blah, blah, this and that. And, you know, there's going to be demand after this. There's probably whales sitting on the sidelines in KYC funds, daos, all this stuff, right? And so then I'm like, okay, maybe I'm gonna go a little harder in this than I thought. So I'm currently sitting on a irresponsible amount of ape, and I actually sold a moonbird today.
Speaker A: I was gonna say, yeah, I sold.
Speaker B: One moonbird today to pile into the rest. To pile into ape. And I plan. You're the problem.
Speaker C: You're the problem.
Speaker B: Yes, I am the problem. I've never been the solution. I am always the problem. And so I plan on minting as much as I can afford. And I feel similarly to this, as I did with moonbirds, where it's like you get one swing at these types of mints, and it's like there could be a possibility that between moonbirds and this is, I don't mint anything else for the rest of the year, like at this type of level, you know what I mean? And so I'm set up to take that swing. I think I. I'm very much more concerned that I end up getting wrecked on this play than I did on Moonbird. So just from a supply standpoint, but.
Speaker C: I need to know how much a coin you actually have because I was trying to do the calculation on it. Looks like you bought about 1200 coins initially, yes.
Speaker B: Oh, so wait to answer your other question then what happened? How many people asked me to buy? So our good friend premium carrots and I are splitting a purchase, and then I'm going to go do my own purchase on top. So total ape coin available to me at the current moment is 3100, plus about. About 9100 ape. So you figure if.
Speaker A: How much is a lot?
Speaker B: Well, if the rumors are true that it's going to start. Yeah, if the rumors are true that it's going to start around 300, that's around 30 plots worth. If it sells out at that rung, which I think it will. Do you think it will? Yeah, at 300? I think it will 100%.
Speaker C: At 300 it will. I think it actually maybe goes a little north of that just because people will panic that they're going to get shut out, but.
Speaker B: Well, I'm saying if it starts there, it's a no brainer, right? Like, if it starts at 300.
Speaker C: I thought something got released today that says it's starting at 600.
Speaker B: Oh, is that official? I'd seen anywhere between three and six.
Speaker C: I could have sworn I saw something official come through. I'll check that. But I. Yeah, I could have sworn I saw something, but. Or maybe it was part of the unreleased deck that, that got moved around. I don't know. I'll look into that. But here's my theory, which is the only way you for sure win and don't get wrecked is if you get a coda. And for those listening who don't know, coda is like the next generation collection from bored apes. But it's. It's by no means a third collection. I think its value is probably going to be second in the line of things. I still think it's going to be bored. Apes, codas, mutants, and then dogs, because, a, there's only 10,000 of them, so half the size of mutants. And then they're. They're kind of like the lore behind it is like they're the creators of this kind of, like, universe.
Speaker A: So if I wanted to buy a coda on secondary, where am I targeting?
Speaker D: So here.
Speaker C: So here's the word problem. Bunchy was associating. That's why I wanted to see how much coin you have to make sure you at least can get ten plots of land because you want to any.
Speaker B: Lower than that, and you're really gambling.
Speaker C: You're really gambling, and you could get wrecked.
Speaker A: So even at 600, you got 15, right? Is that right?
Speaker B: Yeah, thereabouts at 600, if you buy the whole stack, I would get around 15. At 300, you get around 30, which the odds say you would hit around three codas. If you have, it's 10% chance. Right. And so those codas, you know, we've been doing some, like, EV calculations. If you think code is like 15 to 20, then the EV on the land is. Is like four, which if you're minting out at two, then you're okay. Right? Like, I think.
Speaker C: I think coda's initial floor is 15 to 20. I think it quickly rises to 40. Really?
Speaker B: So then your ev on the land, the play is pile in, right? And it's because if you. If you can afford more than ten, right? If you can afford more than ten, and I've seen stuff where it says, you know, that there's that test contract that's gone around that says 45 wallet max, 20 per transaction or something. So, you know, they're allowing for that potentially meaning go pile in player code odds and. And see what happens. Now, there's a whole bunch of stuff we don't know. Like, is that an instant reveal? Will I know immediately if I get one or not? Like, I don't know. And if I don't, what happens there? If it's a delayed reveal and all of the land goes, you know, crazy? Because people are trying to buy a potential coda land, and there's a whole lot of unknowns that make me a little uneasy. But my overall thesis is, you don't get mints like this very often, that have the hype, the ability for you to get in at a price that is semi reasonable or at least primary sale from that standpoint. And then the fact that it's two weeks away from moonbirds, I think, adds fuel to the fire, not takes away. Right? Like, there's going to be all this. Hold my beer. Moonbirds. Watch this. You know what I mean? Like, I think there's going to be quite a lot of that. And I think it's going to add fuel to the fire and not take away from it. You know what I mean?
Speaker C: I will be a buyer in the market for a coda at 20.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: All right, let's do it.
Speaker B: Really? At a coat for a coding.
Speaker A: All right, let's go get them.
Speaker B: Interesting.
Speaker A: I'll be there at ten.
Speaker B: All right, chamber, the same question goes to you. What's that?
Speaker A: No, I'm all second. I'm all secondary on this thing. There's too many factors. I got a lot. Like, it's this weekend. I got a lot of stuff going on.
Speaker C: This sounds so similar to moonbirds. I can't even, I can't even hear it right now. This sounds like the exact attitude towards moon birds. And then you crush it. And then you're back here being like, you know what, I gotta.
Speaker A: It's fairly easy. No, I do. Like, I don't want to participate at all in this whole thing. It was just too complex and I didn't feel like doing it. I'm like, I'm gonna, you know, I have some liquidity. I'm like, I'll play secondary on, on really just coda. Like, that's, that's the only thing I'm interested in. I could care less about the land. I, you know, we've done well in land, like metaverse land, but I don't know, I'm not 100% sold on it. Like, on land in general. In general, Shane. So, yeah, the only. I'm interested in that sugar. Shane. Right?
Speaker B: Yeah, Shane, you, you could come on the show. You can come on this show anytime you want and we'll treat you right. We're not gonna make fun of you after your outlandish.
Speaker A: Shane's an all star on that. On that group.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, it's really. Shane Phonics and everybody else. Sorry, sorry. JP Cass. Really? Really? Everybody. Look, JP Kaz gets this when you're the host. That's the way it goes. Everybody else is the star and you love. That's it. Don't worry, Shane. JP bullies me as well, but. All right, so last question then. And then we'll get to our guest here. Chamber. What is your, I guess two questions. One, will you have, by the next time we do this show, will you have a plot of land or will you have a coda? And then two. Second question. What is your secondary price prediction for both at the time of this show next week?
Speaker A: Okay, so I would say I'm not gonna have any land. Like, there's. There's no universe where I'm getting any land. I will have a coda. I think just one, ideally two, but maybe just one. I like. I like having two. Two is good. I ain't having one. It's the worst. I think two for Codas, hopefully. And then price point for both this time next week, like 30 for coda. And what's. What's.
Speaker C: That's an instant mint. That's a bunch.
Speaker B: You.
Speaker C: If you need more ape coin to mint out your 45 max, you let me know.
Speaker B: Here's the problem. Here's the problem with minting with friends on this. It's Kyc. Then I will have all the tax burden, so.
Speaker A: Right. I don't have to KYC to pick one up on secondary, right?
Speaker B: No, I don't. Well, unless that. That's another thing that I'm actually feeling concerned about, is if they do launch this platform, like, the same day and it's only KYC.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: You could get wrecked that way, because then, yeah, half the market.
Speaker C: Here's my question to you, Bunch.
Speaker B: You.
Speaker C: How many people do you think are KYC for this?
Speaker B: My guess, my gut instincts tells me probably 15 to 20,000.
Speaker A: You think that much?
Speaker D: There's.
Speaker C: There actually should be a back end way of looking this up because there's a site that you can go on right now that checks the blockchain if you're. Or checks at least calls an API to check that if you're registered.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker C: If you're Kyc.
Speaker B: Yeah. Because you can go on. It's something's. It's. Something is brewing dot XYZ. And you could check your. The wallet address that you have. Okay.
Speaker C: I feel like you should be able to maybe see. See how many total.
Speaker B: What do you. What do you think it is? Sorry.
Speaker C: I get excited. So you said 20,000?
Speaker B: I said 15 to 20 is where I would guess.
Speaker C: I probably put it closer to 15, maybe even a little shy.
Speaker B: Well, I mean, so that tells me, again, it's like. That's why it feels like I. I.
Speaker C: Go less than that. I'm sorry.
Speaker A: I go, yeah, I thought less than.
Speaker C: Way less than that. I go. I go, yeah, closer to ten, honestly, because.
Speaker B: Okay, so that is no joke.
Speaker C: I mean, there's. You're gonna get, you know, very few. Multiple wallet things like that.
Speaker B: How many people being said?
Speaker A: How many people whitelisted for, for moonbirds. That was easy, you know, I mean, that was only 35,000. Like, this is ten times harder. So, like, like I was thinking 5000. Like when you asked, like, I would have said 5000.
Speaker B: Well, if it's, if it's that low, it's definitely low. Like, well, if it's that low, is there a chance it doesn't sell out?
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker B: 5000 people buying, man, I don't care.
Speaker C: Land, I don't care what, how many people registered. The demand is way higher for this.
Speaker B: Yeah, but, but you have to, right? You got to sell it all first. If there's only 5000 wallets, that means if, that means you're. Everybody's got to have twelve.
Speaker A: I think a bunch of people would then start contacting their money.
Speaker C: 30,000 is, is already earmarked, right? There's not.
Speaker B: Right. So 70,000 divided by 5000 is what? Twelve, is it not.
Speaker A: 1314?
Speaker B: That's doable.
Speaker C: I think that's doable.
Speaker B: I mean, that's a lot at two eth. Two eth. You're expecting 5000 wallets to buy 14 at two e. That's a lot. I think it's hot. That's why I think the Kyc is higher than that. But I mean, if it's 5000, I feel like there's a chance it doesn't sell out.
Speaker C: They're not that stupid. They're not that stupid.
Speaker B: I hope not anyway. All right, let's, let's get our guests, a guest up here. We'll let him talk to us a little bit about what he thinks about Ape and then we'll get into the Dow down. So we are bringing to the show Eric, aka the business goat, aka the founder of the Dowdon project. Eric, how you doing, buddy?
Speaker D: Good. I just get this in the background here. I heard the numbers for Ape were a bit higher.
Speaker B: Yeah. What have you heard? Spill the alpha.
Speaker D: I heard that there was a lot of people that didn't have apes and that for the first time, KYC, and they were never even, you know, collectors yet. Right. And, you know, it's kind of like buying crypto for the first time. The KyC made them kind of comfortable and they didn't have exposure to it. So I think, you know, I'd have to believe they had more than Moonbirds just because the brand awareness alone, I couldn't imagine that there were 35 sign ups. And I don't know what that number is, but I can't imagine it's only 15,000.
Speaker B: I didn't think point. It's an interesting point because it was open to everybody. Right. So there's a lot of people that aren't in the ape ecosystem, like myself currently, I don't have any, I don't own anything in the BAYC ecosystem. And then I. But I. You could have. Yeah, I own this hat. I own a couple hats, I own a couple sweatshirts that, thank God they're not like the blockchain because I would have to return them because I don't own anything anymore. Change my, my headgear. PFP. Right. But yeah, so it'll be interesting. So you did not Kyc, Eric. So are you interested in the secondary action on this at all? Are you sitting out completely?
Speaker D: I feel BAYC is a just, I'm a collector that I want exposure on all fronts and I wouldn't want to spend what I'd have to spend to have that on board eight. So as of right now. And if I was going to start my journey into it, I wouldn't do it with the land or Dakota. I would do it with, you know, trying to get a mutant or a board. And so, you know, my strategy there is, I do want a board ape for sure and would love to have it, but I don't think my entry into it is going to be the land play. But I know plenty of people that are head over heels for the codas, you know, that are just, you know, this is their in for it. So it's going to be interesting to.
Speaker B: See we're just a bunch of DJ's that are imagining what codas. We don't even know what the hell a coda is.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: Is it a monkey?
Speaker B: We're just like, we're just like. Yeah, Codas. This is great.
Speaker A: Coda sounds like a name for a monkey.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: Like a nice gremlinde.
Speaker B: Yeah, it is. It's like a gremlin. So, but anyway, so that's a good take there. I think Chamber would agree with you on the, on your BAYC take in general. Chamber hates them. He thinks they're terrible and can't go through a show without him fighting. So that's. But, but there we go. But let's, let's dive into your project here, the DaO dawn. So first of all, let's explain what the project is and then talk a little bit about your specific background.
Speaker D: Yeah, absolutely. And while you're on there, click on the white paper tab. That'll kind of help us a little bit on the top left, white paper there. And this is kind of my background is, you know, a serial entrepreneur in scaling organizations. And that's kind of where Dowdon came from, was the challenge for most web two companies of being able to deploy their products in any scalable environment. In web three, both from, you know, obviously a Dao compliance piece, which apecoin and Ape Dao did an amazing job of kind of leading the charge in regards to, like Kyc. Here's how you deploy a Dao. Here's how you do it legally, arguably setting the stage with one of the biggest brands in the world to try and do that. And obviously, we kind of see it now where there's a ton of interest now more than ever for organizations to bring their products into web three. We saw that even with moonbirds, right, you can assemble a great team, great devs, great marketers, but most companies projects don't have that. And so Dowdon is meant to be an onboarder for them, giving them the ability to have access to our legal teams, art teams, dev teams that can take their vision and build it in a way that people would want to interact with it and participate and ideally be a part of the community that we want to do that. And that's kind of where the idea came from, is not having these brands launch individually on their own, but putting them under kind of one umbrella that would allow the user to have participation in an ecosystem which I think better aligns long term for something that's scalable to, to the community. You can see kind of there, our mint is worth 6% to the team, 94% to the treasury, and so very much like a proof collective type of thing where the team isn't taking some huge amount of funds over the top. It's, it really goes to build long term the development of what we're doing. So kind of start off with that.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's interesting. So I'm looking here, and what I think is interesting about this is you have your I, your kind of stage one, which is the Dowdon NFT, and then your stage two, which is the launcher. Can you kind of walk through, you know, what the different stages of this project look like? And I know there's, you know, you kind of have a partner as a starter starting point of this project. Walk people through what that looks like.
Speaker D: Yeah. So, you know, this, the game starts when you can enter the pub, which is kind of the place that, you know, that Don conducts business. And that's, you know, our discord is a gated discord. It's going to be locked after mint. And that really is to kind of build this inclusive environment of people that are really in tune. And so minting an access card kind of gives you access into the community, but you're going to have to continually stake it and upgrade it in order to constantly advance, you could say, deeper into the pub and unlock the ability to participate in a wide variety of collections and projects that are kind of coming underneath it. So already, by just being in the pub, you get access to exclusive airdrops, there's giveaways, there's community events, you know, all of those things. But we didn't want to mint an access card that had different rarity traits. We wanted to create, you know, kind of a larger collection that had a lower mint price. And, you know, you could really reward those that continue to play and participate. And that's where this idea came of staking your card and working your way kind of from a basic credit card all the way up to a black card. Right. And what are the perks that come with, you know, constantly participating? And that's kind of where it is, is, you know, person will start, they'll mint their card, they'll gain access to the pub. We have tons of tools in there. Nancy AI, a lot of analytics that a lot of these kind of curated traders would like to see. But also, you know, as you stake your card and eventually burn it, the 7777 cards are never going to increase in quantity. They're only going to get diverse and rare. And so what you're eventually going to see is a percentage of them that are still gen one cards, a percentage that is first edition, a percentage that is second edition, third and fourth. And so that's really where the launcher comes in, because depending on how many access cards you have, some of them are one for one whitelist spots with the collections underneath us. One of the first one being a timeshare company that's deploying an RTU token. So you'll be able to stake an NFT and earn a timeshare point. Those of you who bought timeshares before, they're usually tens of thousands of dollars upfront. They cost a fortune. This is something that is a lower barrier. You will actually, you know, at some point have to KYC and be able to do some of these things that even ape Dow is doing where, hey, we can give you this, you know, token, but when you want to use it, right, when you want to redeem it for its true value, you're going to have to KYC, because obviously at some point we have to collect the you know, identifier information for the wallet that's spending that money. And so that's just one of the collections that are kind of coming underneath Dowdon, that it's kind of part of that launcher where staking and upgrading your card unlocks the ability to participate in these. Some of them will require KYC, which honestly, six months ago was when I told somebody for the first time they would have to KYC for an NFT. They were like, absolutely not. No one's going to do it, man. And we look now just kind of from your conversation, right, where there's going to be a player that does and they feel the value is necessary, and then there's going to be a person that says, you know what, it's not for me. Maybe I just want to get off secondary. And so I think, you know, there's going to be a person that stakes and upgrades their card, burns it, but doesn't necessarily meant the underlying collection. But they want to keep their card upgraded because they don't want to miss out on a future drop. And maybe they don't want a KYC for Majestic, but they'll pick it up off secondary or they're going to sell their upgraded card because, you know, Des doesn't want to mint it, but you do, right? And you'll pick up that card and burn it because you'll KYC and use it. So I think the mechanism of getting people to participate and constantly upgrade is really what's going to reinforce kind of participation in the ecosystem. And that's the launcher plays. You know, the access pass gives you the ability to participate.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's interesting. So essentially the way, just to make sure I understand, you've got your, the access pass and then you've got the launcher. And the access pass really serves as your, you know, token into the community, your access into your discord and all that comes with that. And then your launcher is your partnership, programs and collections that are going to be essentially launched with your technology through, through the Dowdon ecosystem. Is that correct?
Speaker D: Yeah. So we do everything for our partners. You know, we, most of our legal teams are shortly jared on resources. So, you know, walking through their tax compliance, our dev teams, our art team. So, you know, when it comes to, like, majestic, which, you know, will have a unique NFT collection, you know, our team, Rob Netterhorst and, you know, it's from Hollywood. That's an amazing VFX animator. And our other artists, we build all of that for them. We help them recruit the resources for their discord build out to their community. And so it really is not a, it's a really hand in hand type of relationship versus, you know, hey, this is just kind of a collaborative partner. We got you some whitelists. You know, the idea is that, you know, there's intrinsic trust of the partners that launch with us because they're vetted and built by our team.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's interesting. And what I, when I originally had talked to you about the project, the thing that stuck out to me just for you to maybe educate listeners who don't know why this is so the KYC piece is so important, I think you speak on this really well. So when you're talking about majestic, right, and what the project part of the majestic partnership looks like, and you talk about the ability to have, or the need to have to KYC, can you kind of walk through that process of why that's so important and what as specifically as it relates to kind of how daos can, can use funds for the real world? I think you speak on that really well and I bet you a lot of people don't know that. So if you want to talk to that, that'd be great.
Speaker D: Yeah. The biggest challenges tokens have is not being deemed a security. That's the biggest problem that daos have right now is even if you drop a token, there are rules about how you have to do it. If you're going to raise money for it, it has to go through a credit investor. And then if you're going to, quote unquote, give it away as a free and fair claim, which is what apes did and a lot of other projects are doing that can get your token into the hand of people who would maybe want to spend it if you have a brand. However, the second somebody wants to spend any type of token, technically, right now only Ethereum and BTC are viewed as non securities by the SEC. So technically, any other token that's compensated should be going through a KYC mechanism. Now, we don't follow that, but those projects that are trying to work within real life establishments, for instance, apedao, they understand that there's two things that really matter when you talk about regulatory and that's Amlaev and KYC. Kyc is a form of fulfilling your AML. And what that is is anti money laundering. It's being able to know who has the token and who's spending it. Right. One of the biggest fears they have is millions of dollars are going to come into ape. It's going to make all this money and no one's going to know where it is. KYC know your client laws allows somebody exactly to say, hey, if you want to spend this, before you can do it, you have to agree to this interface that allows us to identify you. Usually this means, you know, submitting a portion of your passport or id verification information. Once this is done, when that money and funds get spent, ape or Yougo, whoever has it, can then submit that documentation and say, hey, we did collect all of this money, but here's who it was from, not here's the wallets that gave us to it. That gave it to us. Because wallets are anonymous, right? We don't know who's behind this. And you're not allowed to simply just say, hey, we got $50 million from a bunch of anonymous people. And so the biggest things that Daos had to do, and really just now is coming, is following this process that had yet to be defined to not only get a token in the hands of their people that would want to spend it and have that be given to them in a compliant manner, but also give them a way that people could actually transact with that. Because we all know that, you know, if you can't spend ape token or whatever that token is for whatever good, whether it's dinner, and companies can't receive it, right? You know, I can't. That's one of the biggest problems. They can't receive the money because there's no way for them to identify the funds and companies. It's the same reason car dealerships, you can't walk in there and say, hey, you know, I got $150,000 in a bag of cash. I want to buy that car. They're going to ask you, well, hey, can you prove where you got that cash? Right? They're not going to sell, because one of the biggest things these companies know is that people will move large amounts of money through these kinds of backdoors. And AML and KYC is kind of the way to make sure that that can't happen. And it's pretty much stated pretty solidly that unless your organization is doing a KYC when it's spending these, it runs into severe risk of being deemed a security and being shut down. Which is why I think you see now more than ever this talk of KYC, which has been around for anyone who's bought enough Coinbase or moonpay, we almost always, at least all of us have a KYC wallet in some way, shape or form. But we've never, we've never been gated behind participation. Once we were in the ecosystem, it was like, hey, once you got your money into Coinbase and it went to your metamask, you don't have to kyc anymore. Now we're saying that that's not necessarily the case, that some NFTs, and I think we're going to see this more and more, are going to have these in real life experiences or claimable merch or assets that are going to require kind of that little bit of doxxing on behalf of, with the consumer. So I don't know if that answers your question there, but it's purely for regulatory and compliance.
Speaker B: Yeah, what I thought was interesting about that was the actual, you know, when a dow wants to go and spend that money on something, you know, in real life, whether that's an asset like a timeshare or a piece of property or, you know, any, anything like that, which I thought was super interesting because I don't see, I don't see a lot of people taking that step. And I think it's probably a bad thing that they're not. Right?
Speaker D: Well, I think it was a, you know, our space moves so fast, right? Like Daos, you know, had been around by like Makerdao for a few years and then Wyoming created kind of their own stuff in August. And, you know, it really is depending on what you want to do, whether it's in the us art side of it. And so I think we're just at this point now where the market is mature enough and there's enough guidance that you can now begin to figure it out. I think we're just at that perfect time of where regulatory is not meeting crypto. I don't think that we could even be in this position like a year and a half ago, there just wasn't enough headway done in this space. Nor was there any template like ape that where you have a $4 billion brand that drops a dow, you can pretty much be sure that they did their due diligence legally, you know, and you can easily, you know, I think now that that template is out there, you're going to see a lot of people begin to use that in really creative ways to drive value back to their community, which is ultimately what a dao should do, right? Is it should, you know, reinforce the value to its holders, introduce new ecosystems in the form of partnerships. And that ultimately will drive the value of your community, which influences your dao token and, you know, board. Ape is a perfect example of that. I mean, I know they're figuring out staking and stuff. But as far as getting their tokens in the hand of their consumers, giving them things to spend it on, providing a way, you know, I wouldn't say easy because I know there were some bumps on the KYC based on the vendor, but actually making it so that now we're at a point where people are going to be buying land with this token that you're not minting on Eth. You know what I'm saying? That's crazy. And how much down the road are we going to see daos and their projects drop their own collections off, their own native tokens? I think that's something that really begins to change there.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's super interesting. I think you and I are biggest magic fans, treasure Dao fans. And I think you're starting to see that in that ecosystem quite a bit with the guilds and things of that nature. So you've got your, your access card dropping. What, tell us about, a little bit about the details of the mint. So you mentioned seven. Seven, seven. Very, very Vegas of you. And when can I people, when can people expect the mint to go live and tell us a little bit about that?
Speaker D: Yeah. So whitelist mint is April 30. So we're about six and a half hour, 6 hours after bored ape yacht club mint. It's going to be a fun weekend. I know, luckily is our whitelist has 24 hours to mint so I don't anticipate there being a gas war at all unless somebody really wants to have their access card and get it staked right away. So minting will go live on the 30th, public mint on the first and staking is live at time of mint. So this isn't, this is, you know, we didn't want, I didn't want the upgrading process of the card to come down later on. So we really focused on making that available at time of mint. I can tell you that we have a bunch of cool artists and stuff planned along the roadmap. So once, you know, mint goes live, we'll start minting people to start upgrading. I would anticipate that probably four or five days after mint we'll lock the discord and that's kind of when we'll really start getting to the nitty gritty and show our community what's going on. And I, you know, if you don't have whitelist already, we have events tonight, tomorrow, Friday we have a wine Wednesday event that usually has over 100 plus people. We do wallet audits, we do whale analysis. You know, we look at how people are trading and really try and educate the community on, you know, all of these different things that, you know, normally, you know, people don't go into. And so I'd say if you're interested, you know, come in, we'll take, you know, you can possibly earn a whitelist spot, but we've been very, very due diligent to make sure we keep bots out and keep people that we're just going to fill up whitelist spots and not really contribute. So.
Speaker B: Very cool. Can I nominate chambers wallet for whale activity analysis for Wednesday this evening?
Speaker C: Good luck analyzing that. Good luck.
Speaker B: There. I really need a full PDF breakdown of the analysis and thoughts behind chambers whale activities.
Speaker D: We just pull up paper hands on bunch you and we just say this is what you don't do when you.
Speaker B: Have.
Speaker D: How to pass up on 700k times four.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's, hey look Mandy, that's part of the whale analysis, right? You know, you can't win them all.
Speaker D: That is one of the things we do chat about is, you know, some whales can make moves you can't. And a lot of times when you look at these whale wallets, you're like, man, I just want to do that. And you can't. You just like, you don't know why people are buying what they're buying, right? You don't know why this whale just swept 75 of whatever this is. And you know, sometimes looking at whale wallets are the best and worst because they have access to information you don't. And so they're trading, they can trade and hold for twelve months and if you buy that trade and you think it's going to go up in a week, right, it can, you know, so educating people, because while we have great tools that show you movements, why that's a great point, why they're buying, you know, because a lot of these guys will buy and hold for.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that's a great point. Chambere, you've got like fallen pranksy into picker runes and yeah, meanwhile pranksy can, can, you know, dump 200 eth and, and never look at it again, never think twice about I'm in a buck 50, you know, and I'm just, I'm.
Speaker A: Just honest, I'm super excited for Dowdon to help me with, you know, laundering my money. So that was, that was my big key takeaway was I just assumed the dawn was in the Mafia and Mafia was known for money laundering and I thought that's, I was confused with the direction of the project, but is it not going to help me with that?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's spelled. They spelled Launcher wrong on the white paper. It's actually supposed to be lawnitive launderer.
Speaker A: Laundering.
Speaker D: Now just make sure everyone who's, who's part of it, KYC, so we can identify who's involved. You know, it's, it's not a, you know, it's just contributed all to the pond.
Speaker B: Exactly. There you go. Now you're good to go. Chamber. We. You got any, am I rugging?
Speaker D: No. And also chamber. That's awesome. I heard about Pickering.
Speaker A: Oh, you heard about the Pickeroons?
Speaker D: I did. A week and a half ago. Somebody was telling me about it. I said I would.
Speaker A: I got some for you if you want to. If you want to buy some at a reasonable price.
Speaker D: Reasonable.
Speaker A: Oh wow.
Speaker B: The chamber. Des, any questions for Eric here before we, we get going?
Speaker A: I have to, I have to, you know, re examine this whole thing. I was way off on my assessment, so I'm gonna have to go back.
Speaker B: That's funny, but yeah. So. So this Saturday you can be minting the Dowdan. I'm just making sure that it was Saturday. Right. So it's the 30th and it's after. It's at 06:00 p.m. eastern. Is that what you mentioned?
Speaker D: So 02:00 p.m. pacific standard time, which would be 05:00 p.m. eastern.
Speaker B: Okay. 05:00 p.m. yep.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: Cool. And then definitely. Sorry, I'm getting, I think I'm starting to rug here. 1 second. I'm getting a connection. Unstable. The you definitely.
Speaker C: That's just your mental.
Speaker A: That's just personality unstable.
Speaker C: That has nothing to do with.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's funny. Definitely jump in their discord over at the Dow. Don, I know you and specifically dream over there, who's one of who's been warrior in your voice chat channel the last couple weeks. He's a buddy of mine. So I know you guys are up to some good things in there. So definitely go in there, check it out. Try to participate in wine Wednesday if you got some time this evening. Where else can people find you? Aside from the discord tonight?
Speaker D: Twitter discord. I mean, I'm pretty front facing and available. I mean also the nice thing is we have a 24 hours active vc, so if there's any questions, we have mod staff available all the time. So I'm going to be there shortly for the next couple hours. While we're doing that event, we have Ama's lined up tomorrow and Friday. I think, I think I'm on the Nansen war room thing tomorrow. And so I think there's going to be plenty of times if anyone has any questions or one of finds out any information, I'm always available, so.
Speaker B: Cool. Awesome. Before we let you go, I do have to. I wanted to, I wanted to do the one segment of the day today, which is a new or an old favorite from Rekt podcast, but the new favorite here on TMC. And that's. That's defend that tweet. The defense is in the back. All right, Chamber, you're going on the spot.
Speaker A: I thought it was.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, definitely. No, no, no. What kind of get, what kind of host. What kind of host would I be if I put our spot like that? We're going. We're going to chamber to sign off. We're going to chamber. Sign off. This might be your most popular tweet.
Speaker A: Oh, I know what it is. A lot of people had opinions on this one.
Speaker B: Yeah, this could be your most popular tweet of all time. 07:41 a.m. on April 26. Twitter for iPhone is where you sent this tweet. Eight retweets, astronomical for you. Plus four. Plus four quote tweets. Look at you. And 1300 likes. That is got to be a record, right?
Speaker D: Engagement farming.
Speaker A: That's a big one. That's a big. Is that what that is?
Speaker B: They were engaged, so it. Walkers, walk us through this. My soon to be nine year old wants TikTok. It's no talk about the entire experience of this.
Speaker A: So, I mean, my kid gets Mike. My kid gets basically everything she wants. I'm not a great parent, but, you know, if. And she, you know, she has iPads. She wants a cell phone. It was, you know, I'm like, you don't need a cell phone. You don't go anywhere. You know, you can barely sleep in your own bed all night. Like, you're not getting a cell phone. Where are you going? But, but she did want. She's like, I want tick tock. You know, all my friends have tick tock. You know, she's in the. She's in the third grade. All my friends have tick tock. I want tick tock. I'm like, I'm on tick tock. I'm like, I'm pretty sure there's no, like, kids version of, like, you know, like a kid setting on TikTok. I'm like, no, like, I. You're not getting tick tock. It's. You're insane. And, you know, she's hard selling me, you know? God, you know, all my friends have it. All my friends have it, you know, and I just said no. And, you know, she was very upset about that. And I took to Twitter, as I do, to crowdsource my parenting, and I tweeted that out. I said, you know, my daughter's asking me for tick tock, you know, and I just wanted to confirm I wasn't wrong. But then an onslaught of just replies about how everybody's like a hard no. Hard no. Hard no. So much so there was gone the other way.
Speaker B: Now I'm like, I feel like I.
Speaker A: Should give it, like, who are all these, like, you know, who are all these, like, overbearing parents? You know what I mean? So they almost, they almost did the opposite. Like, I'm, I'm almost convinced that I have TikTok now.
Speaker B: That's fantastic. Well, I mean, really, honestly, just congratulations here on just big win on the Twitter.
Speaker A: Absolutely. I'll, I'll take my w's where I can get them.
Speaker B: I mean, there's a lot of responses here as well.
Speaker A: Like, so, like so many opinions.
Speaker B: 5540 replies that might be more. Replies that might be more. Hat ever gotten on all your tweets?
Speaker A: You add up all the replies.
Speaker C: Ever so confused. Did like some media outlet pick this up? I'm very confused how it got, it's a hot topic.
Speaker A: A hot topic that parents and non parents alike wanted to, wanted to answer last.
Speaker B: I mean, some people wrote, like, threads of.
Speaker A: Some people responded through threads. There's a lot of, a lot of, a lot of opinions.
Speaker B: This one, this one didn't do as well. This one was sent at 09:45 p.m. april 25, 2022. Twitter from iPhone. It got one. It got cowards.
Speaker A: All of you are on Twitter. You should be embarrassed. This is an a plus plus tweet.
Speaker D: People can't like that for fear of retaliation.
Speaker B: One like, comparatively.
Speaker C: Bird got like 10,000 followers and then dropped right back down to 5000 instantly.
Speaker B: I just, I just threw you a like because this is a great tweet. I actually meant to respond, respond to this and I forgot. I appreciate, but the tweet says, the tweet says, so what's your moonbird's jizz? And you then linked, you, you linked somebody else's tweet. That says, the scientific term for a bird's overall vibe is jizz. And this is actually from the NASA laboratory. It says jizz or jizz, which is spelled g g I s s is the overall impression or appearance of a birdhouse garnered from such features as shape, posture, flying style or other habitual movements. I mean, this is an a plus tweet.
Speaker A: And even my. What's my. What did I call mine? Mine. Like, what is. What is mine?
Speaker B: Japanese fire jizz. Like, you know what?
Speaker A: The second line is a plus. Like, it's, it's.
Speaker B: I'm retweeting.
Speaker D: Are we sure it's not both?
Speaker B: It's both. It says, I mean, I don't know, country of origin? Please, can. We could use it in a sentence, but I actually just gave that one a retweet because that one needs to go back out into the, into the world.
Speaker A: Thank you very much. I was so, I was so unimpressed with Twitter, but, yeah, it was.
Speaker B: I appreciate it.
Speaker A: I forgot about it. I forgot. I was mad. I was mad.
Speaker B: The tank. The tank brewing. Feeling bad for Eric having to sit through this final segment here. We apologize. We apologize to you, Eric. But I had to get that segment in. I had two fire tweets that never would have seen the light of day. And really, it's a celebration of chambers virality. Needing a tweet like that for so long.
Speaker A: Oh, you need those double.
Speaker B: Anyway, all right, you've now doubled your.
Speaker D: Engagement on that post. Just so you know.
Speaker B: Actually, it's got three likes now. Look at that.
Speaker A: Nice. On our way, baby.
Speaker B: Before we get out of here, one last time, Eric, tell people where the mint is happening and what day and time where they can find you guys.
Speaker D: Yeah. So Dowdon IO is the mint page. We're not going to be dropping any other links. There won't be any publishes on Twitter for it or anything. So don't click on any links whatsoever. If you have a whitelist already and you're in our discord, you should have already been able to complete your pre mint XYZ registration. We use them so, you know, super clean minting process. As far as that, if you're not, you want to learn more, hop in our discord. You can find that on our Twitter or once again, on the top right of our website as well. Hop inside, learn more, and we'd love to have you a part of the community. Thanks so much for your time, guys. Chamber des bunch, you. Appreciate you guys.
Speaker B: Absolutely. Pleasure to have you. Good luck this weekend. And for everybody here, until next time, stay mint.
