Speaker A: I think we're live. Alright, 1 second. Let's start the show.
Speaker B: This episode is brought to you by the Degen community network media for the decentralized generation. If you want to connect or to check out more great NFT and crypto content, go to dgen.net work. That's dgen.net work.
Speaker C: Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am Joe, aka Bunch. You bets alongside my esteemed colleagues, Chamber and Des Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker A: I'm doing all right. You know, it's another day in the office, chilling out, but that's about it. Not nothing major happened today.
Speaker C: We've got Des from the road, Des checking in from the car. How are you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: Pretty good. Yeah, you know, I got caught up in a meeting and thought, you know, I'll just do it in this nice part nearby. Then I realized I lost my headphones. So, yeah, so we're from the car.
Speaker C: Today, so let's dive into this. What kind of car do you drive?
Speaker B: Okay, I'm in a nice hybrid rav four.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Looks like a sunroof.
Speaker B: It does have a sunroof equipped with this. Yeah. This wonderful sunroof and tinted windows. I could do a whole breakdown for you.
Speaker A: What color do you go with when you buy a vehicle? Go to color.
Speaker B: You know what it's usually like, just black, maybe silver. But due to the shortage of cars right now, like, buying a car was one of the hardest things to do during the pandemic because the inventory shortage, I had to go with white, which is not my first choice by any means, but, you know, not for everybody.
Speaker A: I like white. I like white vehicles, but I definitely, I go big into white Broncos chamber.
Speaker C: Really good.
Speaker A: No word of a lie. I had a Bronco in high school. It wasn't a white one, but it was definitely an OJ Bronco.
Speaker C: One last follow up question. What is the weirdest thing in your center console right now?
Speaker B: The weirdest thing in my center console? Well, I do have some gummy bears, some hide shoes. Those are the necessities. But you could say I have a burner phone, which is just random burner phone. I don't know why I have, like, this random Android phone in my center console.
Speaker C: You know what I have?
Speaker A: You don't need to tell us you.
Speaker C: Don'T have a random iPhone in my center console. There you go. So I. It's. It hasn't been used in probably three years. And there you go. There you go. Des getting that sweet miles per gallon.
Speaker B: I never ends for sure.
Speaker C: Digging it so there. There you go. We got Des from the road and I mean, all, all types of reasons to celebrate this week. We, you know, last week we. We were. Chamber was crowning the end of nfts and stand by it and telling us we were NgMi going forward for nfts. And my, what a week it has been. We've seen, you know, is this, is this a dead cat bounce chamber? Is that what you're telling me?
Speaker A: All right, maybe I'm missing something, maybe I'm missing something, but everybody's all ready to declare bull market again. But I mean, the only things that have moved are high value nfts. You know, bored apes got to 50. Mutant apes are moving, you know, gunner cats moved a little bit. But I mean, what, what else? Like, oh, you know, sandbox moved. There's a movement on sandbox as well.
Speaker B: Don't, don't make me bring out Zenica's amazing charts that they put out, that he puts out. But everything is green, my friend, over the last.
Speaker A: Well, when you have 80% down and you have 15% up, the next week, yeah, everything's going to be green.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's okay.
Speaker B: This the Fallon boom, though, because like, we have.
Speaker A: We have, I hope nothing.
Speaker C: I think it's the, I think it's that it's the. To the moon pay. Okay, because moon pays been sponsoring all of these nfts. Have they not?
Speaker B: They have.
Speaker C: I'm pretty sure they're the ones that are buying these nfts for the celebrities as part of their package deal. At least. That's really, I. What I think I saw that. That's what I think I saw on Twitter yesterday, especially about, like, the post malone one specifically and how it ended up in the music video and all that. So I think it's part of their, like, sponsorship deals is what I heard. I don't know if Jimmy Fallon's is technically part of that or not. That might be hearsay, but he did.
Speaker B: Say it was through moonpay, though, right?
Speaker C: There you go. So I'm pretty sure that is, that's what happened here. But. So it's either the to the moon pay or the fallon. The fallon effect, I guess, but it has sprung a bounce in the market. You know, this week we, if you're looking at this chart here again, shouts to at Hill. Hill Dobby, who puts these together on dune analytics. So you've got, you know, definitely a big spike this week in unique traders. So up, you know, up a pretty significant percentage.
Speaker A: That's what you want to see, and that obviously the price of, price of gas has gone down fairly, fairly significantly over the last week. So that should help.
Speaker C: How about, what do you think this can, how much is this contributing to? Like the little dip we've seen in Eth. Eth is down, you know, five, $600 from the high. Yeah, we've seen. Do you think that's a part of this?
Speaker A: I mean, I think, I mean they're, they're, they're correlated. Right. So if Eth takes off the price, you know, it happened. I mean we went from like 3000 to 5000 fairly quickly and then we saw what happened. NfTs, you know, it's cooling off now. So the reverse should happen. Right. The value of a theory or the value of the NFTs in Ethereum should go up. Right.
Speaker C: In theory. Right. So we've got a bump in unique traders. Right. We've got unique buyers and sellers. So you've got more buyers and sellers here for by a couple thousand each day. Pretty big spike in buyers versus sellers on 13th. So you like to see that as well. And I mean, you're definitely picking up from early November lows here. And then you've got bump in transaction count for Opensea. Right. Versus, I mean this one was a, I think, I mean this is the lowest since August.
Speaker A: That's tough one.
Speaker C: On November 9, 13,000 transactions versus today 32,000 transactions already today, which is pretty impressive. So that's double what we were seeing on the 9th. So just in the past week, you've doubled the amount of transactions, the volume. Eth volume. Now this could be a couple of things, right? Obviously a pickup in the market is going to see a pickup in volume. We're seeing, you know, over $100 million each of the last days this week. Right. But it could also be because of the projects, like you said, chamber that are moving. Right. So you know, the biggest things that are moving in the market right now are you high priced items, which is, you know, your.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Like to me, we'll, we'll be out of a bear market. Like when was a lot. I mean, I'm sure there have been, but like can you guys name me any projects that have listed or that went to mint in the last two weeks that have sold out? I'm sure there are some, but, uh, yeah, there's not like, it used to be. It used to be.
Speaker C: I had a great flip yesterday with.
Speaker A: I know you did.
Speaker C: I had a flip yesterday with brain, brain drops. I bought for 0.1 and flipped for 0.97 in 30 minutes. So that was, that was nice. There's definitely opportunities out there for sure. Do I think we're going to get back to. I think the market's getting smarter, which is part of what we're talking about here, right. It does. Even if, like, even if what we're seeing is the run in the best projects, right. Your apes, your cool cats, your doodles. Right. If you're seeing a run in the best projects, that would kind of tell you, though, that the market's getting more savvy. So you may not see 30 drops a day that sell out, right. But you may see this flight to quality with the best projects scattered along the way that are launching are the ones that kind of sell out and present opportunity. What do you think about that?
Speaker B: Been saying that for quite a while, all the losses and, and, you know, unfortunately, you know, some of the projects that haven't succeeded are just making way for blue chips to be, you know, that much stronger. And so I, you know, what's interesting though, is they still have such high entry points. And so I'm still wondering, like, how does general public really get into some of these blue chips and where do they go if they're not getting into it? And so, you know, that, that's a whole other question. But I, and I think over time, fractionalization, I think, is going to be a really big part of getting those kind of newer, less pocket heavy people into nfts and into these blue chip projects. So I think that's where we're going. But I've been saying this for a while. I think over time we're going to see the market for small projects that 20 a day launched that we used to see kind of fade away. And that's good overall for the health of the market. I think that's good and seems to be where we're going.
Speaker A: So what's the next? I want to know what the next thing is, Des. You got to tell me what's going to move next. I'm just like all in on it.
Speaker B: Well, I'm really scaring my text for my things from bunch you. I must have missed it when he told us about this brain nft that apparently he flipped for ten x.
Speaker C: And I know.
Speaker A: I didn't notice it either.
Speaker C: I was in the right place. I was in the right place at the right time. I was hanging out in the metaverse hq voice chat. I had never even heard of this project until five minutes before it minted. And I ended up, the website went down. I minted one right from the contract. And I was.
Speaker A: I don't know what.
Speaker C: You guys had no idea what the project.
Speaker A: Even when I make a move that I think is going to be good, I text somebody.
Speaker C: Yeah, I didn't know if it was going to be good. Look, I. Hold on, let's. Don't. Don't act like I don't share any alpha over here.
Speaker A: You're hoarding Alpha on us?
Speaker C: No, never. I am a Alpha sharer.
Speaker A: You are an Alpha sharer. You are.
Speaker C: Those superlative society ones did really nicely. Did you appreciate that?
Speaker B: I appreciate that.
Speaker C: You know, we're working towards, you know. Well, that's the thing is nobody knows what's going to be like. Chambers said, the next hot mint. I mean, you know, there's some that really stick out as obvious ones, like, you know, the next. Well, yeah, smiles. Smiles was a big one. JP Cass says, did you mint a bunch of smiles, des?
Speaker B: No, I didn't.
Speaker A: Is that the guy that was on the news the other day?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I didn't like those ones as much.
Speaker B: I wasn't a huge fan, to be honest. And then the artwork came out and I'm still not a huge fan.
Speaker A: I feel like the first time I saw one, like, I feel like Josh had one as his. Did Josh have one of those?
Speaker C: Yes. They made an honorary one. Yeah. Yep.
Speaker A: Like a couple weeks back, right?
Speaker C: Yeah. I actually dig the art on them, but, uh, I was not on the white list. And then I was at NFt NYC when they, like, dipped down, pre revealed to, like 1.5 or 0.15 or something, and now they're. They're going bonkers. So that's been a good one.
Speaker B: What are they?
Speaker C: Let's. Let's find out. Hold on.
Speaker B: I still think. While you're looking that up, I still think my next big play, unfortunately, it got delayed. It was supposed to be this week, but now push two weeks is, you know, artifacts, clone x. I'm still.
Speaker C: Yes, that's what I was gonna say. So that's. That's what, two weeks from now?
Speaker B: Yes. It was supposed to be this Thursday in public was Saturday, and then I just got pushed two weeks, but I'm still incredibly bullish on that. I think it has the potential to be like the next true blue chip up there with cool cats and. And bored apes and things like that.
Speaker C: Get. Get your liquid ready, folks, for that one. I don't care what the gas is. Pay it. I think. Yeah. So smiles ranking number 15 in the last. I think this is 24 hours last seven days. Smiles, 15 in the last seven days, up 200% ish in the last 24 hours. Up 338 in the last seven days. And a floor price right around 0.52 right now. I've seen some sell almost for an eth. I'm sure there's some rares that have sold for much higher. Yeah, so that, that's interesting there. The. So, I mean, the apes have been all the talk of the. Of the week, I feel. So we've got bored apes leading the way in volume, and they've made a floor price. So, des, this is what I was expecting coming out of NFT NYC when we made our bet, right? And so, like, this was kind of. I was. I was getting this vibe then, and, you know, it didn't happen.
Speaker A: You're only off by a week. Yeah.
Speaker C: You only know it didn't happen during the week and it dipped down to 30. So you officially won our bet. But I think, you know, the timing, I think I'm still pretty spot on here. So it made a 21 eth run in the last week and a half. That's insane. So up in volume, 372% at a 51 ETH floor. So at the current price of Ethereum, well over $200,000 to buy an OG ape, up to 5.8k unique owners out of the 10,000. So approaching 60% ownership. But I think even bigger story is the mutants. Right? I mean, they've almost. They've almost matched the volume here. They're number two in volume there.
Speaker B: Last week, when it was that. When it was at 3.85, that was our alpha play. That's last.
Speaker C: That sure was our alpha play. And it has paid off. You've basically, uh, doubled your money if you were able to get in.
Speaker A: I doubled mine from when I bought.
Speaker C: My easy, uh, this is really crazy, right? There's only sixteen, seventeen k of these out. And you've got 10,000, almost ten, almost 10,200 unique owners here, which is pretty wild when you think about it. And, yeah, so, I mean, that's going absolutely bonkers right now. And, I mean, they've eclipsed by a long shot what crypto punks volume is, which is really interesting here. So that begs the question, Des, will apes in the future flip punks? Yes or no? That's. That goes. That's what everybody talks about on Twitter. What are your thoughts?
Speaker B: Hmm. It would take a while. And. And honestly, the thing that protects crypto punks is that they're just really diamond hand holders, like, right the end of the day.
Speaker A: Well, you can see right there that there's, there's no floor price because there's not for sale.
Speaker C: Well, well, that's because you could only buy them.
Speaker B: You can only buy them on their website.
Speaker A: Oh, that's right.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: But, but the 3.2k owners, like, that's crazy because if that were bored apes, you know, you'd have people liquidating and selling off. And it gets bigger dispersion. But like, there's some big bag holders of crypto punks that aren't even thinking about selling. So that floor prices is always going to remain pretty high.
Speaker C: Right now, today, apes are about 56% of the way there. So they're, they've surpassed the halfway point to a punk. If you're buying one right now, today, which is pretty incredible.
Speaker B: Ask me, I think one of the more important conversations that are happening after NFT NYC, and I know people feel very passionately about this, but like, obviously bored apes community did a lot during NFN, NFT NYC, not so much on the punk side. Larva labs didn't do much, didn't do much for its community. While a lot of people, you know, are saying, hey, you know, throwing a party doesn't equate to owning, you know, a million dollar asset. Like, those aren't equal, but it is something like, it just shows that board apes are doing stuff and putting an.
Speaker C: Effort to, well, I think the, I think the real thing is, is that it's more likely to go mainstream, in my opinion. Right, as like this brand, this because of doing stuff like that, right? Like if you're, you know, if you're getting apes in the hands of post Malone and Jimmy Fallon and you're throwing these parties where people are talking about it and it becomes this social thing, this social currency as well, or status symbol as well as, you know, this streetwear brand and all that. Like that is going to put just so much more eyes on this than potentially crypto punks. You know, I would say that people will have to, people coming in will know apes because of, like, street recognition and they'll have to do research on crypto punks. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: I think if you pulled a thousand people off the street right now, more would be aware of apes than punks. Just random people.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's interesting. What do you think, des? You think that's true?
Speaker A: The number would be low for both, but I still think it'd be like double for apes than it would be for punks.
Speaker B: You think?
Speaker A: Think so? Just again, just more recently too, right? Like with. Yeah, with everything. Like, like how many celebrity punk purchases? Like, or I can.
Speaker B: Easy. Yeah, that was like, that's like the.
Speaker A: One I can think of. But there's like five or six, you know, ape celebrity purchases that I can, like.
Speaker B: There's closer to like twelve to 15.
Speaker C: Right, right.
Speaker A: So I don't know, like just that alone, you know what I mean? Like just based on celebrity awareness or, you know, what have you. I think more normies would know apes than punks.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think you're probably right. But maybe what's really interesting on this is like to chamber to your point when we've looked at this in the past, the same chart, right? The seven day chart. You see some of these new releases on here and you're not really seeing a ton in this top ten, right? You've got bored apes at one and two. You got crypto punks at three sandbox doodles, this one brand new. This is a derivative of apes. So not too surprised on that. Congratulations to our boy JP Kaz, who just sold a smiles for 1.79 e or 1.749 eth. There you go. JP Kaz. Congrats on that. As we're talking about smiles. But then you got cool cats, crypto, the corruption is new, right? But then kennel club, kongs, the serums, and then you've got, you know, smiles, newish, mechiverse, Decentraland. So like, not a lot of new things to your point chamber, which I think is interesting. I wonder if the same is true if we go like, let's go last 24 hours here and what are we at for 24 hours? Same, right. You're not seeing any of these new releases with massive 24 hours volume. Here's brain drops, by the way. Sorry, guys, I didn't know. But, but it's true.
Speaker A: Tattoos.
Speaker C: Yeah. You're not seeing the, the crazy, the crazy new mints. So I think that maybe goes a little bit to chambers point, but I think there are definitely still mint opportunities out there. You just have to more selective about them. Right. What do you think of the bump in metaverse land? Right? You got sandbox, massive volume. They announced their alpha coming out on the 29th. They announced their alpha stage, almost a point or summer, almost an one ETH floor for a plot of sandbox land, which is insanely, I mean, that's awesome. And then you got, you've got central land here at number 14, a two and a half e floor on a land plot. What are you chamber, congratulations. You just sold your estate, right? Tell us why you sold and what's going on there.
Speaker A: You know, it's. I like to sell when things are going like, I didn't look, but I assume sandbox would be in that top five. So it makes me happy, even happier that it's there right now, because it's, you know, it's probably like a local top right now for sandbox. Realistically, b, I'm not really doing anything with it. I've spoken to a couple people over the last few months about doing something on it, and nothing's really come through. And honestly, I just don't have the bandwidth to be putting any sort of effort in there. So. Hot market for it. So I sold a portion of what I had. I still have some. Some land left, but I got a.
Speaker C: Good deal on a big win for you. It's a, let's say it's probably at least a four x from what you bought it at.
Speaker A: Well, yeah, forex and eth, but, like, it's like a ten x and like.
Speaker C: Yeah, or x and eth, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, it was like a ten x and, yeah, it was, it was a nice one.
Speaker C: That's. That's awesome. So, yeah, that's kind of where we're at on the market. What? So are we. Before we get into our guest here, do we have, uh, Des, were you were full bull in your, in your mind, is that where we're headed here or.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, hey, I did not waver during the bear run. And, uh, you know, I.
Speaker A: These hands are made of stone.
Speaker B: I think it's. I think we're definitely on track for another good. Not even just bull run, just, I think we're starting healthy market to a healthy market, which is the, which is the ultimate goal. And so I think. I think that's great. And, yeah, pretty happy with everything that's gone on.
Speaker C: Awesome. So we do have a guest that's about to go ahead.
Speaker B: We didn't even talk about because I don't know if we talked about it last week, but, like, the. And I'm curious just to hear your perspective just because you guys were a little bit more into crypto and the crazy ico madness, but, like, the madness of GMDH and let's go baby coins. Like, what do you guys think about that? That was a crazy thing where people are.
Speaker A: Joe and I went hard Joe and.
Speaker B: I went hard to GM, so I don't know. It was crazy. What do you think?
Speaker C: Well, we. There you go. I have it ready to go. So I've got my ta done on GM right now. So did you make that?
Speaker A: That's nice.
Speaker C: Yeah, look at that.
Speaker A: That's a beauty chart.
Speaker D: I.
Speaker C: Some clean lines there. Chamber the. So here's the thing. I went into a 30 minutes diatribe on rect podcast about why, if you were going to buy any of these, this is the one to buy. So far I was right, because I think only one of them has survived, if not, maybe two, but this is the one. And you can see kind of like this initial sell off. Lots of people exited, and a buy.
Speaker A: Zone was right in my wheelhouse. Mandy.
Speaker C: Yeah, you. So we're in for way too much money on this.
Speaker A: So definitely over leveraged on this.
Speaker C: Yeah. This is NFA, not financial advice, but I think we're due for, like, a good meme coin. And Gm, in my opinion, is the one not even trying to pump my own bags. I wasn't going to bring it up unless you said it. But the. I mean, it's interesting what people, again, we've talked about this, right? There's like a natural progression with people that have come in from NFTs through top shot. You go, top shot, you go, you go, top shot, you go, Ethan. FTS. And then you've seen in the last month or so, people kind of creep in. Well, NFTs got defied, right, with the staking and all these coins, and that kind of led people to learn a little bit about staking in defi and all that kind of stuff. And then, you know, when the market's slow, they dabble in shit coins. And that's typically right. Lots of people probably made a lot of money. Lots of people probably lost a lot of money. I will. I'm here to tell you that if you're going to buy any meme coin, it should be the original GM. And I think there's, like, a cultural meme here that could actually play out. I mean, you look at meme coins in the past, like shiba and doge, and it's like, yeah, doge is a classic crypto meme because it was built as meme, but, like sheba kind of piggyback off of that.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker C: This is like a native crypto.
Speaker A: I agree.
Speaker C: That's a fresh meme. Right. ANd it's so I could see it. I could see it actually having a pretty strong life here. Did you buy any of these meme coins, Des?
Speaker B: I did actually buy a little GM and I sold it. But so I'm. So I'm no longer a holdEr, but.
Speaker C: Long term, I'm long term back holding my GM. I'm in full doom or doom or moon stage with this.
Speaker B: But for me, the biggest takeaway was like the accessibility of GM. Right. YoU could go to uniswap and literally buy it right there. Some of these other ones that people were talking about like wag me, which I thought like if any, just name alone, even more than maybe, maybe wag me could, could beat it. But it was hard to find. It was hard to find an exchange to allow you to get it right.
Speaker C: Well, GM's on eleven exchanges already.
Speaker A: That's crazy.
Speaker C: And they're not stopping. And, and I have, I have full faith you'll see it on binance. I, you know, Coinbase will take a little longer, but I think it's actually going to happen. So we'll see. But all right, let's, let's get into our guest here. So Des, I'm going to let you, I'm going to let you bring our guest in and lead the way here. So we have joining us right now, Michael Cranford. Michael, how are you?
Speaker D: I'm good.
Speaker C: Awesome. Thank you for joining us. Des, take it away, man.
Speaker B: Sure. So just to give our viewers a little rundown of how Mike came to be our guest today, we have some mutual friends that are, that are kind of involved in this space a little bit. And yeah, I, I had heard I was on a, I don't know if I was on a space. I think I'm on a spaces. Talk about just like the, the general kind of founding of the gaming industry and how it ties into what we're seeing now with the revolution and, and actually Mike's game, which he'll tell you about a bard's tale was brought up as kind of one of the kind of four, four runners in truly rpg game mechanics. And it was launched back in the eighties and Mike was the original creator and developer of that. And now, you know, many years later, I'll say just many years later, coming to the forefront with a new game and a new project that's related to nfts and crypto, which I think is such a great evolution to, to talk about, you know, where we started and where we're going now. So like I said, mike, you have a really interesting background. Obviously, the game is a bard's tale. I'm just curious, like what was your experiences back then and kind of what led you to the development of a bard's tale?
Speaker D: Yeah, you know, I've hear, I've gone from one revolution to another one. I started as a gamer. When I was in high school, I played old school dungeons and dragons. I was a dungeon master. I was an artist. I illustrated my, my dungeons. I read fantasy books. And then all of a sudden, people started buying Apple II computers. It was the first time there were computers. A couple of my friends, my rich friends had Apple II computers. And I, first thing, I looked at it, I said, can you play games on this thing? And they said, yeah, there's actually some games out. They were basically arcade style games. So anyway, I eventually I got my own computer. I was up at Berkeley. I was studying architecture, and this whole revolution was just starting to take off right around then. And some products were coming out. I bought a game called Wizardry, and it had, it was an rpg. It was very simplistic game. It had wire frame corridors that you could explore down. It was a first person game. And I spent many nights playing this game. And I was doing my own development right then I was doing some arcade style kind of games. I was writing in 6502 assembly language at the time. And I had, I was. I dropped out of school. I'd gotten picked up by a gaming company up in Berkeley. They actually had an office in Berkeley. And all of a sudden, I'm looking at this game. I thought, man, I can, I could write a much better game than this. And I started thinking about all the things that I could do to enhance the experience, to make it more realistic. And I started working it out, and that, that became the bard's tale. I I walked into a one gaming company. This. Everything was exploding. So you had these little companies that were becoming gigantic at the time. I walked into one small gaming company, and I. I demoed a prototype of bard's tale. It wasn't called the bard's tale till later, but I demoed a prototype for the CEO in his office, and the guy basically kicked me out the door. I was 19. He's like, what the hell do you know? And let me tell you about what, what makes a game good? And he's, you know, lecturing me. Anyway, I left there, you know, over the course of the next year, I connected up with some other people, and we made it into the door of another upcoming small, but upcoming company. You've heard of electronic arts, and they had a better vision, and they jumped all over it. And that's just how it happened. It was an exciting time. It was a huge revolution. It was a revolution just in personal computers. But at the forefront of that at the time was gaming. That was the thing. Everyone was excited about are the games that you could play on them. I dropped out of college and I was, you know, never looked back.
Speaker C: That's awesome. So I have a question then. What similarities? You kind of jumped on by saying, you know, you're going from one revolution to another. So, you know, talk about like, what are the similarities or feelings that you are that are exciting you about this space and what's coming for, you know, gaming that, you know, you felt back then. What, what kind of similarities are you feeling?
Speaker D: Right. You know, it's, it's, it's got a similar vibe to that what happened back then. It's very similar, but I think even more on fire today because everything in the crypto gaming space right now is just red hot. And I think it's because back then we can only see certain things kind of dimly. Back at that time. I mean, the technology was so primitive and I think the ideas were way, way out in front of the technology, but everyone was excited, but there was no sense, I mean, there was no Internet back then. There was no sense that we were going to get to this kind of multiverse concept back then. I mean, that was an idea and that was what I was shooting at in the bars. Tale was first person. It was pseudo 3d immersive. I did the best I could given the technology. But now, see, we're right there. We're seeing it. It's coming alive. We're, we're seeing things roll. We see virtual reality rolling out and crypto's, you know, at the core of pretty much everything that's going on right now because there's no one company that's going to bring this future in. It's communities that are going to bring it in. It's decentralization. So people that are excited about it, people that want to be part of it, people that want to profit by it and invest in it and want to ride along with it. So that's driving all of this right now. I think it's the future. It's the future of gaming, I'm absolutely positive. And the excitement's building, so it's like that. But it's beyond because we're so close to it. And I think the NFT community is most excited about it because they're the ones that are experiencing it. I mean, we're the ones looking at this at this point. People that are investing in these, in all kinds of new leading edge technologies, they're the ones that are seeing it. Other people really are just starting to become aware of what's happening.
Speaker B: Absolutely. You know, even just hearing your story of how you came to, you know, found a bard's tale, how many 20 something year olds are, you know, dropping out of their jobs or whatever to focus on this space. And it lots so crazy to talk about from then until now. So it's, it's incredible. And I love how EA was looked at as kind of like the small studio savior. Like, you know, we're gonna do stuff that's different now. They're looked as, you know, the mega brand have that evil empire background.
Speaker C: Yeah, well, that's a, that like a follow up question that I had there based on what that answer was. You know, you had mentioned when you were just talking about how, you know, these kind of communities are and decentralization is gonna pave the way for this stuff. So, you know, in your opinion, you know, where is, where are large gaming studios and companies like EA or, you know, Ubisoft and like, where are, where is, are those companies heads at versus what's actually happening right now? And do you think it's going to be a much slower grind for them or how do you see that whole thing happening?
Speaker D: Yeah, I think, I think they're probably going to be dragged into this kicking and screaming. I think some of them are talking about it like they recognize it's going this way, but I don't think they're going to be fully committed because again, what drives this space are individuals who profit by their investment and participation, not some big monolith that controls all of it and really isn't about the end product. They're much more about profits. So I think you're going to see the biggest things happening coming directly out of the crypto space and not the big game houses. Eventually they'll line up with this, but I don't think they're going to lead this in any way.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's interesting.
Speaker B: Well, that's amazing. So speaking of which and what you're working on these days, I know you have a project that's releasing early next year and it's called Wise wands. And, you know, I'm just curious. I heard you tease a little bit that you were working on a game called Wizardry. How, how did wise wands come to, to pass? And, you know, what, what are you most excited about? Tell us a little bit about the project you're working on.
Speaker D: Right on. Well, the, the NFT project's going to bootstrap the development of the video game. The NFT project's going to launch in on January 6, 2022. We've got 10,000 wizards stored in the Ethereum blockchain. They're unique with regard to art. There's seven base types of wizards. So seven gender species, not just one base art type. So there are seven for variety because this is going to feed directly into the game. In the game, you're going to be your wizard. So, so each wizard has a magical affinity. There are eight different affinities that relate to fundamental powers in the game, like fire or death or darkness or something like that. So, and those affinities are going to unlock spells in the game. So that's part of the artwork. It's also part of the Stats for the NFT. I've had this idea, I've had an idea for this game for years, bouncing around in my head. I've thought about doing it at a couple different points and it was really coming across nfts and this community where everything clicked for me and I thought, this is, this is how I'm going to get this done. You know, basing it around spellcasting. There's, there's kind of a big history for me with that. That was originally Bard's tale was going to be all spellcasters. There were seven spellcasting classes in Bards tale. And then when I came up with this idea of duration over time spells, that just this idea came to me as I was putting the game together. Then I thought, what if some of the spells triggered music that played in the background so you knew when the spell was running or not running? And then I thought, okay, that's a bard character. Then I just expanded the game and I had to add in warriors and things like that to make it more conventional rpg. Here I am back on magic again. This concept is all magic based. Everybody wants to have that kind of power in life. So when I make that central to the game, I know it's going to draw everybody in. It's just that kind of concept. Yeah. So why am I doing this as an NFT? Like I said, I just came across this recently and I thought this is the way this is going to be much better than a crowdfunding campaign. I want a people behind the game, and this is, I'm getting a certain kind of person involved here in the NFT space. It's the exact kind of person that I want involved in this. People who love projects, they believe in, they love community. They want to, they want, they want to participate because they're, they're also part of the investment in this thing. They're not just sort of a nameless person, but they, if this game succeeds, that they're going to succeed also. I just think that's an amazing model. And. Yeah, and I've had people contact me on Twitter and just tell me, man, I miss playing your game. You know, I played it back in the eighties, and I'm glad that you're doing this, you know, and so we're gonna have. We're gonna do it again.
Speaker B: That's amazing. No, I. Reading through some of your website, you know, I think there is that whole narrative of, like, being part of the game and the creation of the game and allowing, you know, owners of your wizards to actually influence kind of storylines and gameplay. And I think that's a, that's a really cool aspect that I think is enabled by, you know, the blockchain and NFT ownership. So that, that's amazing. Yeah.
Speaker D: I mean, connecting it to watch and also it gives it longevity.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, that, that's a really great point where. So is the actual game going to be built on Ethereum or just the NFT release?
Speaker D: Just the NFT release. I don't think it's gonna make sense to build the game on it, but we'll kind of take a look around and see where we're at. You know, we'll start looking at this carefully in spring, but with gas prices the way they are right now, I'm trying to figure out how to do this in a way that are gonna make the most people happy.
Speaker C: Yeah, I would think that's probably the right move. When you see, you see a lot of these games that start or have started on Ethereum that end up having to merge or go a different route just because. Exactly that point.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker B: It's.
Speaker C: It's gas fees per transaction. When you're interacting with a game or an asset, then it becomes super expensive when you're doing a ton of these transactions. So I think that's probably the right move here. So this is really cool looking. I'm totally pumped about seeing this. I'm glad that I discovered this. Tez, what do you, what do you. What else you got?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I think the art is, is very different. Right. We talked about the, like, there was a very cute aspect to NFTs initially and, like, the whole cuteness revolution. And then recently, I feel like we have gotten into, like, a little bit more high fidelity artwork with things like, you know, Byop's project turning, kind of pivoting into a very high fidelity kind of avatar. And some of the things coming out even clone x while still remaining tune ish is very high fidelity. I like the, the artistry on these wizards. I think they kind of play into, you know, that the game style that we're talking about, which is probably a little bit in between kind of cartoon slash super high fidelity realism. Yeah, I think it's, I think it's an awesome project. I think gaming and figuring out how we address this, like how can we create something that's play to earn but not necessarily like, you know, farming or multi level kind of, you know, the system. We've gotten down with Axie a little bit and, you know, how do we, how do we bridge that? Because I keep talking to, you know, non NFT crypto people and the, the sentiment is like, yes, we all love video games. We've played them for many years. We've sunk so many hours into them. But then at the end of the day, what do we have to show that we've, you know, what we've accomplished? And I think that's what you're saying is like, this is on the blockchain forever. These are your assets. That ownership, I think, is really exciting.
Speaker D: I agree. I, that's, that's why we're going it this way. I just, I'm, we're beyond excited about it. I mean, we just think this is going to be a home run in every way.
Speaker C: Yeah. I love the, I love the aspect that, like the NFT that you're getting that's going to be your character in the game. Right. So you're giving people, you know, not only from, oh, I've minted maybe something rare and that's really cool, but the ability to kind of choose with, with really what they're passionate about from all of the items that you put out right where I think that's got a really cool aspect to it that, you know, I haven't really thought about when you think of, you know, video games and, and things like that. So that, that's really neat as well. So just one more time here. It's just so we know kind of exactly the timeline. So when can we expect kind of the launch for this and things like that?
Speaker D: The launch is on January 6, 2022. And then we're assuming we're going to be fully funded and we're going to move into development and hoping to have something exciting later in 2022. Some alpha release. The level of functionality is just going to depend on, you know, a number of different factors, but we're going to, we'll have some kind of a game. We're planning to deliver some kind of game later in the year.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: And there are milestones along the way, of course.
Speaker C: That seems, that seems pretty quick for a turnaround. I was going to say what is, you know, in your past experience and things like that, what is the development time for, for a functioning game like this typically look like in the past? And then how does that differ from maybe the difficulty to put it out in a blockchain form now?
Speaker D: Right? Yeah. Normally you're going to want to probably take a couple of years to fully develop a game like this, but we're feeling like because of the community and the support and the way we're doing this, we need to get something out. So we're going to just do this in phases. We're going to get a phase out of playable. It's more than a prototype. It'll actually give you full gameplay, but it's just not going to have the extent of a full blown game. It's going to take a couple of years for us to get this to what we think of as an end result, but we want to deliver something to the community just to keep them excited.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think that's awesome. I think it's super important, too, when you have, you know, when you have people buying your project because of how excited they are in the potential of it. And so to, you know, be able to deliver that like sneak peek, if you will, from the community, for the community is, I think, really awesome.
Speaker B: Absolutely. And so you mentioned release on the 6th. And the hot topic right now amongst almost every project is, you know, white listing and getting in early. Are you guys thinking of doing any sort of, like, not, you know, but maybe pre sale whitelisting, anything like that with people who join your, you know, your ranks and Twitter and discord today?
Speaker D: Yeah, we decided we're going to do a pre sale, we're going to do a whitelisting. We're going to announce a giveaway here. I mean, that's our, we're going to get some things happening this week. We're going to start to build the community right now. We've let people know that have come on early and already started to support us and market the project that they're going to get on that list and have the chance to buy a couple wizards before the official launch date. So we are going to do it.
Speaker B: Awesome.
Speaker C: That's awesome. Yeah. Love that. So right now, how can people get involved? How can they find you? What's the best way to do that?
Speaker D: Get to the website, go to wise ones.com or wise ones IO. Both work. Sign up on our contact page, join our list. Join our discord. Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, you know, get involved. If you get on the list, you know, we're gonna. We're gonna plug a certain number of people into the whitelist and give you a chance to get in on this earlier than everyone else. And. And then follow us. You know, follow us on Twitter, tag a few friends and retweet, and you're in.
Speaker A: Awesome. We put the links for everything in the show notes. If you're listening, you want to check that out. Whether you're watching or listening, they'll be in the show notes. Go check it out.
Speaker C: Perfect. Awesome.
Speaker A: I had one question, though.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: You guys are talking about the project, which was great. I really. I don't think I have any additional questions about the project, but I have questions about 1980s video games. And I'd like Mike's feedback on this because I was just a little. I was just a little, you know, a little chamber back then. And I remember, you know, before Nintendo, before everything, I had a computer and I would play video games on this. And I remember a game now. Again, I've smoked a lot of weed in my life, so my memories are. I need a little reinforcement of this memory, but I remember a game called Montezuma's Revenge. I don't know if you're familiar with this one. It was, again, might just be a, you know, a fever dream I've had, but it was one of my absolute favorite games as, like, a five or six year old. And I played all the time. That and, like, a kung fu game. And I just didn't. I just didn't know if you remembered any of those great, you know, Commodore 64 games.
Speaker D: I do. I totally remember them. I developed. I developed on the Commodore 64. I did a bunch of products. I did. I did the port Sega's Super Zaxxon. I did the Commodore 64 cartridge version of that game.
Speaker A: Cool.
Speaker D: So, yeah, I was all over that. And I do vaguely remember. I vaguely remember Montezuma's revenge. I did not do it. I'm not responsible for it, but I remember now.
Speaker A: I also see you have a guitar in your background. You were at Berkeley in the eighties. I know it's a little bit of a hype, but how was the music scene back then, in the eighties?
Speaker D: It was great back then. Yeah, it was great being on campus back then. You know, it was an amazing time, actually.
Speaker A: Were you playing guitar for the ladies?
Speaker D: I was playing a little bit back then. Yeah, I did. I did. I had, I had. I was. Yeah, I showed up at some.
Speaker A: Say no more, sir.
Speaker D: I showed up at some parties and some. And some things happen. Yeah.
Speaker C: Chamber. Is this your game here?
Speaker A: I think so. It must be it, right? Like, that's the name I had in my head.
Speaker B: It's crazy. It has a very similar look to.
Speaker C: Like, donkey Kong to a bard's tale.
Speaker B: How, like, the square cut out. That's. That's pretty crazy.
Speaker A: But, yeah, this was a. This was. This was definitely one of my favorite games is like a, you know, pre. Pre ninety s. I think my dad bought. I think my dad bought the Nintendo system. He was like, I was. I was a. An accident. So, like, my parents are only, like, 1819 years older than me. So I was like, you know, I would have been like five or six. My dad would have been 25, getting a, you know, the Nintendo as it. As it hit the market, so it was. But I remember this pre Nintendo Montezuma's.
Speaker C: Revenge was a Parker brothers presents. There you go.
Speaker A: That was the, you know, I don't know what the equivalent would be today, but it was. This is definitely top shelf for the eighties.
Speaker C: That's fantastic.
Speaker D: There were a lot of kind of side scrolling things like that back at that time. That was hot. Donkey Kong, all of that.
Speaker C: Yeah, I was gonna say that looked like Donkey Kong a little bit. Yeah. All right. So what was your favorite game when you were, you know, starting to play, you know, a lot of games yourself?
Speaker D: You know, I liked. I liked playing the Ultima series, and it was before the consoles back then. There were really no consoles when I first started. And then eventually there was a Commodore 64, but I played all the Ultima series of games. I think I burnt tons of time on those.
Speaker B: And see, now you have no nfts to show for it, so.
Speaker C: That's totally true. I mean, imagine, like, I can't even imagine, you know, 30 years from now, like, my kid will have my axie collection or something crazy like that, and.
Speaker A: They'Ll be on a podcast talking to somebody our age. When I was a kid, I remember there was like an axie game, you know? Do I remember an axie correctly?
Speaker C: My dad used to make me earn my allowance by playing axie Infinity.
Speaker B: That's incredible.
Speaker C: Awesome. Des, you got any final questions before we. Before we end up here?
Speaker B: No, I think this was awesome. Leave it to chamber to bring in, you know, the guitar questions and all that stuff. I love it. I feel like we got a real good sense of kind of the direction you're heading in and obviously why you're doing this, which I think, you know, we, we all kind of really respond well to. Um, so, no, I thank you for jumping on the pod today. And, you know, we're going to be watching closely and, and definitely it's a project that I feel like people can get in still early on, which, you know, that's pretty rare these days. So, you know, Alpha Capital A.
Speaker C: That's right. We're getting people the early access here, which is awesome. So Michael, where can people find you specifically on Twitter?
Speaker D: Yeah, I'm on Twitter mocranford on Twitter. And. But if you, you know, if you find wise ones, you'll cross connect to me. So.
Speaker C: Perfect. That's awesome. So again, we will put all of these links into the show notes so you guys can go jump in the discord, follow on Twitter and get updates. And Michael, we'd love to have you back on as you approach the actual launch and kind of go through, you know, everything that leads into the actual launch and sale of your nfts here.
Speaker D: I greatly appreciate it, guys. Love the support. Thank you.
Speaker C: No problem. Thank you for joining us. And until next time, stay mint.
