Speaker A: What have I done? What have I become?
Speaker B: I can't describe this. This is my mid mic crisis. Welcome to mid mic crisis. I am bunch you alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, Chamber. Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker A: I'm doing. I'm doing pretty good, man. It's April 16. It's, you know, it's warm. Unseasonably warm outside. I just got back from a little walk around, and my wife decided to come with me, so that was real fun. She never comes with me.
Speaker B: We did that on, uh. We did that on Saturday. Took a nice long walk around. Or how long did it take to.
Speaker A: How long did it take to get into an argument?
Speaker B: Oh, no, no. We were. Well, we were.
Speaker A: We actually took me about 20 minutes.
Speaker B: Trying to get the kids out of the house, because they are just insane psychopaths. And, uh. Yeah, that. But. So we had some nice weather on Sunday. Took, like, a two and a half hour walk. Yeah, wore that. My son. It was great.
Speaker A: My wife and I would argue. Three times. I made up four times.
Speaker B: She yelled at me for being on my phone in the very beginning of the walk, and then I put it away.
Speaker A: I got mad at her for looking up houses in the middle of a bear market.
Speaker C: I'm like, do you know what the market's doing today? Stop looking at houses.
Speaker B: World War three. Get off of zillow.
Speaker A: Peel it back, feel it back.
Speaker B: Okay, before we get into our main topic here, because we have some wonderful guests, what are your overall thoughts on the market since we last talked? We're on the brink of world War three. All of that wonderful stuff bitcoin has dipped into. Where are we at currently? 62. Seven. Which is, you know, actually pretty much where we were Friday now, I think.
Speaker A: So bitcoin looks.
Speaker B: Yeah, because on Friday's show, we were like, mid nuke.
Speaker A: Yeah. Bitcoin looks better, but also kind of looks like it wants to throw up.
Speaker B: If it pukes, we're in trouble.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Like, if it pukes, we're going to 50.
Speaker A: Correct. I agree. 52.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: So I'm with you there.
Speaker B: I hope that doesn't happen.
Speaker A: I'll tell you what I've been looking at. Solana. Solana looks like it wants $100 so bad. Like, 100 is programmed, in my opinion, at this point, it looks.
Speaker B: You stepping in there or what?
Speaker A: No, I'm just saying you wouldn't buy.
Speaker B: You wouldn't buy $100?
Speaker A: 100, yeah, absolutely. Sorry. Sorry. I thought you meant am I shorting? Like, am I actively shorting?
Speaker B: Oh, no, no, no. Sorry.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker A: Yeah. A good trader I think would agree with me and would probably be doing it.
Speaker B: We're up only here.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker B: That's it.
Speaker A: I don't bet against my team. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Yeah. Eth looking similar. It's around 3000 right now with the potential to head towards 28 and then if that fails, 24, which is kind of scary I guess, huh.
Speaker A: But yeah, yeah, yeah, it's possible. I mean it's not that bad. I guess.
Speaker B: I'm, are you feeling like we're doom and gloom here or we're like where's your mental.
Speaker A: I feel do like the market is doing what I think it should be doing is what I said it's going to be doing since it started, since we broke all time highs on bitcoin. Like I didn't, I did not think we were going right to thought there was going to be a pullback. So I mean it's doing what I thought it was doing or what I thought it would be doing. But couple that with the fact that I'm just like just getting my lunch eaten trading meme coins. Like it just makes it so much worse where I should have been up significantly over the last couple of months and I'm nothing and like, I think I'm like, fuck, I should have probably just not traded anything at all.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Like, remember when I said doge was a buy and I, and I bought a bunch of doge?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I should have just did that and not did anything else.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: And I would have been, it would have been great. But I got, you know, I got, I fomo'd in to a, to a degenerate environment that I wasn't familiar with. And I got, I got eaten up. I got fucking eaten up.
Speaker B: I can't wait to see the dust in your wallet at the end of this so bad.
Speaker A: So, yeah, so there's multiple things stacking on top of each other to make me more doom and gloom. But the market itself, I mean as long as, and it sounds like the world war three is, is not as imminent as Friday would have thought, but yeah, as long as we don't go into full blown world war three. I think the chart is doing what it should be doing and we're going to chop between the numbers we just talked about. I think, I think we will see drops to those spots and we'll chop between those numbers and all time highs until through the summer is my guess. And then as we get to the end of summer into fall, we're going to, you know, achieve a new all time high across the board and then fucking moon mission. All right, that's what I thought.
Speaker B: All right. Should we get into our main topic of the day? I don't want to keep our one guests waiting any longer. The people are here to talk Pepe coins. They're here to talk frog stuff. Hashtag frog stuff.
Speaker A: You know, this is the time to be buying these pepes, I think.
Speaker B: Well, definitely this one. It's in this, like, very interesting support range. If you're looking at a chart, this is where. This is where you'd want to buy it if you were just chart reading. So. But let's get into the whole story here, because I think it's super interesting. The Pepe narrative has been something that's been going on now for Goshen, over a year since the other pepe. I don't know if we can even name it on this podcast specifically. I think it's like. It's like Voldemort here.
Speaker A: So Persona non grata.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: Right?
Speaker B: So we won't be. We won't be naming that one. It's just Voldemort, but so there's some really cool, interesting, you know, history behind this project, and not to mention kind of where the future look outlook for the project is. So we. This is one I'm super interested in heavily. The disclaimer is I'm heavily an owner of this project as well, but I found it super fascinating. So I wanted to bring on the folks who know it best in the community to come and chat with us today for our audience because we're looking for stuff that doesn't make you feel like you just described chambers.
Speaker A: I'm listening intently.
Speaker B: So here. Yeah, so here we go. We've got. We've got the one and only Drew and Fanzo here. Fanzo, we'll start with you first. How you doing, buddy? Good to have you up here, and I'm very excited to talk pepe coins with you.
Speaker C: I'm doing great. I mean, I. You know, it started off this conversation I was ejecting from all my plays, but now with chambers projections through the summer and fall, I'm locked and loaded for the moon. So, yeah. Excited for the conversation.
Speaker B: And so now you're buying all the.
Speaker C: Dips and stuff, of course, without question. Dip buying. You know, it's that whole, you know, dip buying is great. Oh, wait, I need liquidity for that. But, yes, good times.
Speaker B: I tweeted the other day that I can only buy dips on Solana because I only have $3 left to my name, and that's the average transaction size over there.
Speaker C: So I wanted to retweet that tweet, but I was crying a little bit inside and then relating to it a little bit too much. I had to leave that tweet alone.
Speaker B: Literal zero ammo left to buy dips. I actually spent all my spare ammo buying the epicoid dip, so I can't be that upset. I was a late entrant to this project, so I was super happy to be able to buy dips in this area, especially right after, you know, a break of all time high on the chart, but we'll get into that shortly. And also joining us today, Drew. Drew, how you doing, brother?
Speaker D: I'm good. I'm good. Thanks for having us. And, yeah, just to tie into your guys conversation, I'm definitely, like, a up only type person where it's, like, when people, like, bring up, like, they need the dip to buy in. Like, in my head, I'm just like, oh, why would you say that out loud?
Speaker A: Or.
Speaker D: Or why would you talk about that? But, yeah, I'm, like, the opposite of doom and gloom. Like, I only see up. And these opportunities that we're seeing now, like, you guys are just talking about is, like, it's just great times for if people got a little bit later or, you know, if you've been chatting with people and they find it to be interesting and they haven't made their entry yet, like, I only see this as. As good and positive. So, yeah, I'm looking forward to diving in. And, Bunch, I know that you came in a little bit late, but from our conversation, there's a lot of things going on in this ecosystem that seems to personally align with you, and so definitely looking forward to opening up everything here for pepicoin.
Speaker B: Yeah, totally. And I think that's a really great place to start. First, I wanted to. I want to unveil, like, the history that is going on here, because there's obviously the hashtag, the peppening that's attached to this project, and it is specifically referring to Pepe coins versus the Voldemort pepe. So one of you, whoever wants to jump in, give us the kind of background of this project, because what's cool about this is on top of all the utility and the memes and all that stuff that we'll talk about here, there's provenance involved, which is, which is obviously just a bonus. And it's super interesting to me, the whole saga that is unwinding here. So maybe, Drew, I feel like you might be the Pepe historian. Let's start with you. Drew got booted down. Let's start with Fanzo.
Speaker C: Yeah. So I'll let Drew cuffs back up. We can get him into the conversation. So I think the long or the short of it is this dev team with Pepe coin actually launched a layer one blockchain in 2016. There's a tweet out there that is proof of it. This is true. Ogs, they had a layer one, eventually decided to fork that over to Ethereum and. Drew, are you back up now?
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah, I don't. Can you guys hear me?
Speaker C: Yeah, we can hear you now. So talking history of it, all I've said was, they dropped the l one in 2016, and we're building since then. I'll let you carry the torch from there, and then I'll jump in. Because just for transparency, Drew discovered the project, texted me, and I said, I don't do meme coins without utility. And I pretty much just ignored it for a month and a half. Drew was the. Was the discoverer for me that then I had a. Then he came back to me. He's like, you know, it's a crypto AI play. And I was like, shit. And then I came back in. So, Drew, you can. You can share that. The history with that and Pepe.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah. Sorry, I don't. I don't know if you guys even cut anything I said before. Like, I shot it back. Nothing.
Speaker C: Your mic was open, but we got nada.
Speaker D: Oh, damn. Yeah, my bad. I was just saying, you know, just a quick intro was that I'm an up only person. Like, I just only see, like, the good in crypto. And so the opposite of doom and gloomer, but. And, yeah, history of Pepe coin, you know, for me, I actually got in early on the pepe that we don't mention. And to me, that was actually. That was the moment where I kind of started to fall in love with. With the meme and the frog. And so I had seen Pepe, you know, just in Internet culture over the years. But to be honest, like, it's one of those things that I just. I didn't really understand it. I don't know where it came from. I just knew it existed. And then right when I bought into Pepe, and it was early, I think it was, like, under 100 mil market cap on the other pepe. And we got a handful of our NFT friends into. Into that trade as well. And so for a lot of us, that was, like, the first eye opening experience to go to your metamask and just see like multiple, like every day you just see multiples and eth growing. But also we were learning more about metrics on, you know, holder account and other things like that. And that's where we started this group chat. And then the memes, just like, we're flying. And for us, they're really, up to this point with this project, there wasn't really another project that we saw, or at least me and my group of people, where we really surrounded ourselves and kind of made it our personality for a good period of time, was just sharing these memes. And so where it ties to this other project, the one that a lot of us are really championing right now, we had a, a few of us saw this other project launch around the same time as the other Pepe, and we just caught this quick narrative that these guys had a coin in 2016. And that's all we really knew. Nobody really paid attention. Nobody went to the website, nobody did their own research. A handful of us were trading this pepe coin over the next couple months and did really well on it. Then December popped around and I was on Dex tools and I just happened to see Pepe Coin, like Og Pepe coin as like, I think it was like number seven on Dex tools trending. And I just remember thinking to myself, like, man, I wonder how this coin, or why this coin decided to make a comeback and have all this, a ton of volume behind it right now. So I clicked in and I actually went to the website and that's where like, everything changed. And just by seeing the level of quality in the Ux UI, but also the apps that they actually built on the website itself was fascinating to me. I've never seen this level of community tools and building on a website before. You might see some really interesting art or you might see some cool functionality with dynamic experiences on websites. But this was a full on operating system. It was actually called Pepeos, or it still is called Pepeos. When I went through this operating system, it just flipped on for me. These guys were incredibly elite and their building was by far, we saw kilo bears do some really cool stuff with technology. A few other NFT projects had some pretty impressive experiences with dapps, but this was by far, I used to say, the best website in crypto. But I have a digital advertising background and we work a ton with, with just digital assets in general. And this might be the coolest website I've ever seen, like period. And so I decided to make a trade and I told a handful of people, and my thought process really was this coin was trading at like fifteen cents a token, right around like 1415 mil market cap. And the other pepe was hovering like 300 mil. And so my thought process at the very beginning was, these guys are elite builders. They have provenance that was that we, you know, just a quick research, we could see that they had tweets talking about Pepe coin in 2016. But my thought process was, this is going to have a run up and have probably more of a run up than the other pepe. And we got, we kind of have, like, get this opportunity to relive this like, craze, like this meme frog craze that we had in like group chats and Telegram. And so my thought process was so simple in December, and then literally every day since then, I just became increasingly more bullish on the project, whether that was interactions with community, interactions with devs. And we come to find out that they had built a myriad of crypto products over the last ten years. These guys were early to bitcoin mining, they were early to Ethereum mining. They were launching coins before Ethereum. They're building NFT decentralized exchanges before Opensea or before things were even called NFTs. And so you start to do your research and realize that these guys have been building products so early, they never really got the recognition that they deserve because they were so ahead of the time of when these disruptions happened in crypto. And then we come to find out that when you stake your token, you're actually earning their decentralized AI token. And it started all to come to place when you realize that they're building and they've conceptualized a future technology at the perfect time. Whereas before they were kind of like, they're just building shit, like amazing stuff way, way too early. And unfortunately, just, it never really caught on. And it never really, like, you know, caught a trend where they would be synced up perfectly with culture and technology. And I think that this is what we're seeing with them now. This is why they're seeing such an increase in market cap and really seeing, like, the community grow overnight. So, yeah, hopefully that gives you guys a little more context. You know, it's a very small developer group that they really, they all met in this bitcoin community. And I want to say, like 2012, 2013, like, very, very early on. And they just, you know, they grew up and spent a lot of time in what they felt like was a better time or a better time in crypto at least. And it seems like a lot of the products and a lot of their life mission and their life's work right now is to honestly just make crypto great and maybe even make crypto great again compared to their previous experiences of where they came from. Hopefully that gives you guys a little more context.
Speaker B: Yeah, awesome context. I think the backstory is super interesting to me. It's one of the attractive pieces of this project specifically for me. Chamber. You're coming into this project completely cold. You really don't know much. You're learning with the audience today. I just sent you, in our group chat, the website for Pepecoin IO. What's your initial thoughts?
Speaker A: I was giggling the whole time. This thing is insane. I'll have it in the show notes so people can visit it. But it is one of the craziest websites I've seen. It's formatted in the same way.
Speaker B: Like Windows XP.
Speaker A: Yeah, like Windows XP with a pepe theme. It is unbelievable. I just clicked on the video. Like, it's, it's got. I haven't even played with everything yet, but, like, just things. There's Pepe messenger that looks exactly like MSN messenger.
Speaker C: I.
Speaker A: It seems like it works.
Speaker C: I haven't tried it yet.
Speaker B: Yeah, dude, you could literally go to pepe paint and create art in there and actually mint it. And people can know. Yeah. And people can buy it from. With pepe coins. It's a really cool, like, they've got a ton of awesome stuff here. We're just scratching the surface so far. But I mean, start here and you should be impressed. You know what I mean? Like, absolutely. There, especially in the world of the meme coins that we're in now, where there's thousands of coins that launch a day. Most of them are somewhat low effort trying to catch a trend. And then you look at something like this and you're like, okay, this is a different class of thing that I'm dealing with here. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Rife with nostalgia here. I'm just looking at Wen pamp, which is a winamp, like, and it's got music on it and it opens up exactly like Winamp used to with six songs already loaded up here. Old school skin. It's amazing.
Speaker B: Okay, so the. The website clearly step one, if you haven't checked it out, do so. It's super cool. We'll be talking about kind of other ways to use this site, especially when we talk about based AI and things like that coming up in a little bit. But poke around here and you will kind of immediately get a sense of how cool the whole ecosystem here is. And, I mean, just on this front page, you can see there is an ecosystem. This isn't just, you know, it's not just a meme. There's a lot of things you can do here and a lot of kind of mix of community, culture, and utility, which is super cool. So we've got the backstory of Pepe Coin. We've got the cool website. The thing that is super interesting to me here is the tokenomics and how they play with each other. So you've got the Pepe coin as your kind of base meme coin. And as Drew was mentioning, they are building this AI l one application layer, and that all plays into kind of the tokenomics of the ecosystem as well. Fanzo, I'll go to you. You did an amazing job with kind of describing the entire ecosystem on your, you know, 20 minutes YouTube tutorial. If you haven't seen that, check out Fanzo's YouTube page. It's definitely worth the 20 minutes to get the understanding and deep dive. And you can see Fanzo's sick, sick viking beard and. But Fanzo jump into kind of how the tokenomics of the project work. And just a, you know, disclaimer for everybody listening. Fanzo and Drew, they are not a part of the official team. They are community members that are out spreading the word and letting people know kind of how awesome this project is. So take everything that said here as one, not financial advice, and two, just a bunch of really awesome community members doing the best they can to spread knowledge about the project. So go ahead, fans.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, so, I mean, I think the context leading up to this is perfect, right? From the tokenomics, and I will say the other pepe that drew brought up, just from a context of the tokenomics, they were front run by the other pepe, including even stealing the exact logo that they were launching with. I mean, every aspect of that except for kind of the utility. And the story goes that the team decided we're going to out devise and out innovate what that other team is doing. And that's, like, really cool to say. And then you watch the project go to multiple billions of market cap, and to me, you have to be so damn confident on your technology, your innovation, your tokenomics that you aren't. You don't become just a jaded degenerate and, like, want to just kill everything and everyone, right, because of what you were technically launching. And so what's really interesting on this is I, they are right now they're in testnet phase one. But I think the part of this is really interesting is they dropped the white paper about 60 days ago, probably 55 days ago off the top of my head. And the white paper is on the Cornell website. Really what they're building is a layer 10 knowledge large learning model AI solution. This is a decentralized AI play focused on the two main focus areas are the privacy angle, the idea that you will own your own prompts. Unlike everything that exists in AI today, you don't own your own prompts. What you prompt, what you inject within most if not all open source AI solutions is owned and lives on a centralized server of that AI. Then the other part of that is it is going to have native smart contract functionality built into this zero knowledge LLM. And the tokenomics to me are something, I mean, you'll hear it in the video, like, I probably spent 60 hours first. 1st thing I did with the white paper is, you know, for those that don't know my background, like, I worked a decade in cybersecurity for the Department of Defense. So I traveled around 55 countries, every us military base in the world, uh, deploying cybersecurity tools. And um, so my background, like I have that as an experience and I left there to go to, to a cloud computing data center, space focused on large learning models. So like this, this kind of fell in my lap in like the craziest way because I joke with Drew, you know, he, his message to me at first was, hey, there's this really cool meme coin. If on that day he said, hey, there's this really cool crypto AI play that also has a meme coin. I probably jump in back and December, I don't wait a month and a half because what this team knows and the way that this, the tokenomics work is right now, like you have a pretty much 1000 to one model. So if you have 1000 Pepe coins staked, you earn about one based AI token a day. Now, the base day, I, at the moment, base AI, the token is on Ethereum as well. Actually, the liquidity was actually not, you know, it wasn't put in there by the team, was actually put in there by whales and members of the community. And that eventually will be bridged over to the layer one, which will be hopefully public here in the next 45 to 60 days. The second testnet will go live. But what's really interesting about this is it's one thing to have like a meme coin and then you're like, oh, I have a meme coin and then I have a crypto AI token. Cool. Okay, we have two of them, but what they've actually done, and I remember my first scroll, the white paper, I had a holy shit moment. Because not only is Pepe coin part of the ecosystem, it is an integrated and integral part of everything that they're building with the decentralized AI play. So you are going to actually burn your, you have the ability to burn your pepe coins to own what they call a brain. And if you think about it, from what Tao and Bittensor is, it's really, you have a license to a subnet and there's only 1024 of these licenses. And so you're going to have different options to actually own these licenses, which will be when you own it, it'll be an NFT that you will actually own in your wallet. But what is interesting is you can do it via burning of your, of your pepe coin, or you can also long term stake your pepe coin. So you could, if you have 100,000 pepe coin, you can actually stake your pepe coin. And after 90 days, you would actually then have your own brain to operate, to build upon, and to provide residual, to provide a passive income on. But beyond that, it even goes further. Once they bridge the tokens over, you're going to be able to stake your base token against brains. And those brains, those subnet licenses would then increase, of course, in value that it'll give to miners and validators. And so I would tell you, like, as I was going on the white paper, I'm like, wait a second. Like, pepe coin is not only part of this whole thing, but they've built a layer of tokenomics where Pepe Coin will be. You know, right now, 77% of Pepe Coin is staked. Let me say that again, 77%. Like bunch, I know when I was messaging you like that, when I found out and Drew mentioned this last night on our Twitter space that I didn't know, but like, when Drew joined back in December, only 20% to 30% of Pepe Coin was staked. At the time, I know when I joined and I first saw like the output, it was over 50%. So I had just assumed that it was over 50% for like the whole year the token was out. But right now, as of this, this week, I think it was 77.2, 626 percent or 77.26% is actually staked in the contract. And what is really cool about that is, yes, we're earning based AI right now at a pretty impressive rate. But that actually Pepe coin is then going to be deflationary because people are going to burn that. And if people burns all the way up to the 1024 brains, between 70 and 80% of the total supply would be burnt in this process of owning the brains. Now, my guess is that it's going to be more of like a 50% burn because I think there's going to get to a price point where it doesn't make sense to pay that much to burn that much peppy coin, especially at the price of five or six or $7 wherever it is at the point. But I would just say, like, the tokenomics in this, this isn't these guys first rodeo. And you know, Drew and I had the luxury of meeting a couple members of the team up in New York last week up at NFT NYC. And I would just say, like, I drilled the shit out of them on the tokenomics component. Like, why did you make this decision? What does this make sense? And every single thing in there was done for a reason. Like, they have really thought out the idea of, okay, if people own Pepe coin, what are their options to participate? If people own based AI, which will become based, and they want to participate and earn passive yield off of the brains, how can they stake that and earn off of that as well? And so it's really dynamic. It's to me, it's probably one of the coolest components of this, because you can be a validator and a miner, and you can be rewarded with based. You could be a holder of pepe coin. You'll be rewarded if you want a brain or if you don't want a brain. If you want to just hold your coin, all of a sudden your coins can become, you know, that much more rare because of how much is going to be burnt. And then on top of that, they have a trading bot that will be launched April 28. And that is going to have Pepe Coin. It's going to be leveraging Pepe Coin as well. So for me, Pepe Coin and based are both what I consider like an asset play. Where I holding them. Yes, price go up, that's great. But actually holding them is an unlock for members of the community to actually do things within the OS. And as you saw from the website, their ecosystem is dynamic. They're going to have what they're calling tech space, which you think about MySpace, but it's called Keckspace, and you'll be able to display your art and nfts within their 3d world. They're going to have a keck DAC as far as a decentralized exchange version within their own ecosystem as well. I mentioned the keck bot and all of those things will leverage Pepe coin and connect back to the central AI play. So I know that's a lot. It can be a lot of moving parts. But what to me blew my mind was this wasn't a meme coin to gain attention to a crypto AI play. This was we're going to create an entire ecosystem that is going to leverage every aspect of these tokens and give people really, I mean, the amount of game theory in my DM's right now is insane. And I know a bunch you were even messaging like what percentage of Pepe coins should I buy versus based AI should I buy and what you like? And honestly, there isn't really a right answer right now. It's kind of like you can pick and choose and kind of play the chart game because both of them are going to come in so handy as this project continues to grow.
Speaker B: Chamber thoughts.
Speaker A: It is refreshing to hear this level right of effort and work and functionality at the same time. I'm also reading the tweet that you posted at the top where Tyler is talking and Pepe Queen is responding here so much. This is back in. Looks like it's back in 2020. Yeah, last year, May 2023. So it is.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: It's just, I mean, after the last few months of real filth.
Speaker D: Real, real filth.
Speaker A: It'S refreshing to see hard work, vision functionality utility again because, you know, while, while we were doing what we were doing for the last couple months, I have some plays that I have on, you know, on the Ethereum side that have some functionality that have, you know, some plans. It's not just like, hey, here's a, you know, cartoon penis of Joe Biden and you know, it's going to go to a trillion dollars, which, you know, hey, all the power to them. But it's nice to see a real project with, you know, with real goals in mind and targets.
Speaker C: I'll just throw in here real quick. One of the things that frustrated me is when I figured all this out and Drew, I had to go back to Drew with my tail between my legs and like, damn it, Drew, I should have listened to you at the beginning, but then I also have some nfts that are my wallet that I listened to Drew that are hidden wallet. Now we all have that world. But I was like, Drew, what the hell is going are these guys the worst marketers in the history of marketing? Is they were building all this cool shit, the website, and how the hell do none of us know about it? Like, I feel like they're like, we're all pretty damn connected, pretty involved. And I will just say this kind of ties back to the theme of the peppening. And the whole thing was, these guys were so jaded, and I wouldn't say jaded. These were guys were so motivated based on being front run that they are. So they're like, even when I went to them and said, hey, I want to amplify the shit out of their story, they're like, we would prefer our dev and our innovation and our technology to do our talking for us right now. Like, they are. I mean, I've never seen devs that aren't, like, they don't care about marketing. They don't care about hype. They don't even care about credit right now. They are literally, like, we are going to build. And this is something that they. They've said multiple times. And at first I thought it was nice, like, fluff, but they have said what we're building is our life's work, and our life's work is going to stand on its own. And chamber. Like, when I heard that, it was like that, like, wait a second. Like, random knockoff meme call. Like, I'm sorry, this is not making any sense to me. Yeah, I'll tell you, even one of the guys in my, like, my network, I sent the white paper to a couple people that are working cybersecurity still today. A couple of people that are high end in the enterprise technology space. And one of their first comments back wherever meme coin devs can't build this shit. Like, you know, meme coin dev can build what? The end. And I had to go back and being like, that's the point. Like, these guys aren't. They were devs building l one. And in crypto, before any of us even knew what crypto was, they happened to understand the power of a meme coin to create attention and generate the. The yield around it. But these, this isn't your average meme coin dev team. So much so that, like, they're not even, like, big holders of the project. They're more like, hey, I'm just devs that we want to. We want our work to be the thing that everyone gives a shit about. Which is why drew and I became so loud vocal about it, because, like, those are my favorite humans in the world. Like, you do what you're doing great, and I will amplify the shit out of your story and tell it around the world, because that's, like, what we need more of. And so, like, that's why we're here, because these guys are such good innovators and have thought through so much of this, you know, tech, and it is really refreshing for this space.
Speaker B: Yeah. The bottom line is the devs are actually devs, right? Like you. It's funny, if you are in the meme coin streets, you've probably messed around on a place like pump fun. And, you know, you can launch a coin in 20 seconds for $2. And whoever the launch wallet is, it says right next to you, Dev. And you're not a dev. Everybody refers to them as the dev, but they're not developing anything. It doesn't take any. It used to take some sort of skill to write a smart contract that launches a token, and I guess you were allowed to be called a dev then. But this is actually devs doing developer things and building and shipping in probably one of the most hot, up and coming market sectors that we're going to see in, you know, the next 1020 years. Right. So really, really interesting stuff there. Thanks, Fanzo. I mean, it's a ton of information, so I'm going to try to distill that into a couple points. So, you know, just from the tokenomics sector, there's the pepe coins themselves, which are the meme coin culture, coin part of this. But the tokenomics are tied to both the based AI in terms of how you mint, or, sorry, how you acquire a brain, and also for the keck bot, the trading bot. So not only will there be kind of a burn, but there's also a utility to the tokenization after a burn. Right. So you've still got that around. So it's not just a supply mechanic here, because if it was just a supply mechanic, eventually, like you said, it becomes cost prohibitive to mint a brain because the supply and all this stuff. But there's going to be more to it than that. So you could, in theory, just hold your pepe coin and never do anything else with it, and it would always have this kind of deflationary aspect with a utility tied to it. So there's that aspect to it. And then once you start to get into, oh, there's some really interesting AI technology that's being built here as well. That's where stuff gets really interesting, because the future of everything, I feel like, is AI right now. And I've spoken about this on this show many times that, like, to the point where I've had the existential crisis of what the hell am I going to do? And AI eats everything. So part of this, though, Fanzo, and maybe you can describe this in a way that the non deep into AI person might understand, because there's very complicated, zero knowledge, AI layer one, things like that, that, you know, if you're just a passerby, that might sound super confusing to you. You don't know what it is. What is the implication of the actual AI tech that they're building, in your opinion?
Speaker C: So there's two phases of it. There's a privacy angle, and then there's the smart contract angle. When I say privacy, I know, like, I mean, even I roll my eyes, just that concept, right? But, like, let's face it, in web two, we learned that the data is worth money, and privacy is probably something that we need to think about before we give away all of our data and all of our information. And the really interesting thing that they've built, and this is how I can keep it in the simplest of terms, is they have built the technology that allows the AI to run the prompt that you put in without decrypting it. So if you think about this, if you are in healthcare, you're in government, if you're a marketing agency, if you are a school system, right now, almost every AI is blocked in every school system and every healthcare place because you don't want to upload your proprietary data or any data into an AI system, because it has to be decrypted to be able to be used on the AI, to be then be assigned to the miners and the validators, and then it's going to be encrypted back to you what they've actually designed. And it's using a couple of different of those. Like, you know, we could play Alphabet, you know, bingo here with it's, you know, fhe, which is the technology there. And fhe isn't like the innovation, it's actually the squeezing that they've actually innovated that allows it to. There'll be a, you know, right now, almost every AI privacy playdead is so slow, it makes AI nearly impossible to be valuable. What they've developed is it doesn't actually. It will impact speed at some sector, of course, anything that you're adding in there, but it will still allow performance to be at a heightened level. And so if you think about it, rather than the prompt being decrypted on a centralized server, it's actually never decrypted. And so you as the user own your prompt. And so that's like, I mean, and the beautiful thing on this is that they are building a layer one, right? This isn't just an AI protocol. Like right now, it's really sexy to be an AI protocol in our feeds. But there's a big difference between building your own large language model that is allowing people to build on these brains. And so you're going to see all kinds of protocols, all kinds of different business models being built on top of these different subnets to take advantage of this privacy front end. On top of that, you have the smart contract part. So any of us that have been in nfts, many of us like I'm a blockchain maxi, not really a crypto maxi, I'm much more of a blockchain maxi. And part of that is the ability to own our data, but also the ability to opt in and opt out of what we want to share, how we want to share it, and also create that smart contract functionality. And so if you think about it within an AI play, we're now going to be able to build in smart contract use cases that are leveraging AI on a decentralized platform. These are decentralized devs, building a decentralized AI that has those two functionalities. And so here's some great use cases in the white paper where the healthcare person can actually upload data. It's never decrypted or centralized. The only person that decrypts it is theme when they get the prompt back with the results to the answers. And when, I will tell you, when I sent this to a couple of people, they're like, if this freaking works, this unlocks so many new use cases, new people, new new companies, new agencies to leverage AI. In a way, right now, none of them are able to actually leverage it. And so hopefully that kind of brings people kind of mind wrap around it. And it's, to me, it's exciting because it actually, it is a decentralized mindset. And for many of us, we've been looking for innovation that is built for decentralized, by decentralized, that actually gives us the power and control that many of us preach about wanting. But it's been hard. We all love decentralization until it ruins our user experience. And then we're like, screw decentralization. I'll put my data or my pictures of my monkeys anywhere, just as long as it increases the speed. That's really where the innovation lies, within the decentralized AI tech that they're building.
Speaker B: Yeah, that is really, really cool. I mean, it's the privacy of, it is, I think, even twofold, right? There's the, there's all of the awesome stuff that you just mentioned and why that's important. But even if you look at something like the big current AI dominated companies, right, your open AI's, your Google's, those, you know, the big players, they are like, they're kings of the castle right now, but everything you run through there is theirs, right? Everything. So you can't, unless as an enterprise, unless you have their massively expensive enterprise package, put anything, any proprietary data in there that you wouldn't want their models trained on, right. And then you still have to trust that they're not going to train a new model on your, on your data. The, you know, I've said for a while in AI, like, it's data and distribution is going to be the new currency. And so, like, the reason I feel like the privacy stuff is so important outside of what you just mentioned is like, we're going into this world wherever I, you've got open sourced versions of LLMs that are now on par with what GPT four is doing. And the fact that means you can download it, run it on a machine, and basically do anything that you want with it is super powerful. Owning that in a decentralized way with an open source model, it really opens up possibilities of what you can actually do with this tech when it's time to build something. And the fact that you kind of own that prompt, own the data, own the kind of ecosystem that it lives in is super interesting to me, even though it might be way heady for some people to understand now. But when you put it into a medical example, I think that works really well. Chamber, what do you think about the AI tech side of it you're becoming now? AI, Maxi, whether you like it or not.
Speaker A: I mean, it's funny, in our terms, I would say I'm the least AI person. But once I get into the, as.
Speaker B: An interest, as a composition, I think you're the most AI of all of us.
Speaker A: I am in fact the most AI. But when I get out, you know, when I talk to people in real life and, you know, I was talking to one of my coworkers and we were talking about things and I was like, oh yeah, just like, you know, I just use chat, GPT, blah, blah, blah, blah, like it's not a thing. And they're like, how do you use that? I'm like, oh, yeah. Like, you guys don't know anything. So when we start talking about AI, I do think that crypto will play a big part in bringing, as the market continues to grow and as we get into the really bullish part of this cycle, I think AI literacy is going to go up hand in hand with crypto participation. Do you know what I'm saying? And when. And I think a lot of it is going to be due to these types of things where we're integrating AI with blockchain, with cryptocurrency, like with meme coins. And when you start adding that to all those things, I think we're. You're doing a better job of educating people in the realm of AI, maybe unknowingly.
Speaker B: Totally. I mean, you've heard me say my weird theory of that you're going to have decentralized AI agents that live on the blockchain, that interact with machine currency, and that's how they're going to operate. Right. That's where I see. And that's why smart contracts are super important for something like AI agents.
Speaker A: And I might actually even get an AI egota at this point, which is on the table.
Speaker B: Aie got is actually. I bet you that's a thing that happens in your lifetime. The aie got.
Speaker A: I'm going to be the first person to get one.
Speaker B: You're well on your way to the Grammy. I can tell you that you're producing some bangers with Udo since our last episode.
Speaker A: It's unbelievable how much fun you can have. I cannot.
Speaker B: Your idea of. We'll end the show with this, but in a couple minutes here. But your idea to package influencer tweets as the lyrics was just so good. The ansem. I hope we play the ansem anthem at the end because that one, it was so good.
Speaker A: Did you hear the Steve one?
Speaker B: I heard the Steve one. I like. I like the Steve one. I like the Steve one. But the ansem one kind of blew me away because it was just like four very random tweets.
Speaker A: It was. It wasn't even random. It was his last four tweets.
Speaker B: Yeah. Like his stream of consciousness about what he was doing. And they just. It made a lot of. It just was. It was so good.
Speaker A: I agree. I agree. I'm going to do this with everybody.
Speaker B: It's going to be great.
Speaker A: Fans are next.
Speaker B: It's just going to be a pepe coin, a rap, which is. Which is great. The. Okay, I want to throw it back to Drew. You know, Fanzo, with his YouTube influencer status, spoke way nicely and articulately the whole time. I want to throw it back to Drew. Did he miss anything? Drew?
Speaker D: No. On the decentralized AI factor, you know, a lot of the technology was translated over really well. And, you know, I think for, for people like me that are, listen, we got, like, I got into the coin personally because I love the frog and everything else just started to pile up and. And like I mentioned earlier, just increasingly more bullish the more I heard from the devs mingled with the community and kind of did my own research. And, yeah, the real factor here, even taking a step back and zooming out from based AI as one of the core products that they plan to ship, is this team is, if you look back to when they launched, dogecoin, was like 2013, 2014, as the first ever mineable blockchain that really took off. And these guys were soon after that. And I think the factor here that totally separates them from, we've been calling it a meme coin, but in reality, it's really investing into this team, this very innovative giga brain group of developers that really live for crypto. And what's fascinating about Pepe coin, and you guys kind of alluded it. Alluded to it as well, is they've just built so many products. This is like one of their products. And who's to say that there's not going to be another early event where they're disrupting crypto technology in the next cycle, the cycle after that? And so anybody that bought the coin 2016, 2017, and have really stuck around those people have been rewarded the most. And I think that's one of the coolest factors, is this whole project is, you know, people don't stick around for eight weeks, let alone eight years. And so they put themselves in a totally different league of leadership, totally different league of trust building. And the people that really were in this early, like buying the l one blockchain before they migrated over to ERC 20, those people were heavily rewarded and had, you know, had a chance to continue to be rewarded through the other products that this team continues to ship. And so to me, that's the most, for me, it's like, I'm not looking for when is. When is the very top, so I can look to unload at the very top. I honestly feel like this was a generational opportunity where we could invest into a team that continues to build innovative technology across crypto decades, which is massively different than other meme coins that other people are buying and looking to quickly flip. I think that there is a huge financial vehicle here with his team, but there's also this idea that fintech junkie, he said something in the group chat the other day that really made me think. It's like a lot of his most effective investments came over the span of innovative teams building over a ten year period, versus looking to quickly gain a return within the first year that he made an investment. So I kind of view this team in the same capacity. Where there's trading bots, there's metaverses, there's decentralized AI, there's all these different factors that can draw in a variety of different investors. But the one thing that's for sure is if you're loyal to this team and you hold assets, that you're going to be rewarded. The whole ride through, uh, building out that type of tokenomics that can truly make people happy over the course of years, I think is fascinating. And so that's the last thing I wanted to throw in there. And, uh, yeah, their. Their history just goes way back. I think the first tweet I threw in here was, uh, yeah, it was Vitalik making a tweet 2017 about. About the Pepe coin alliance. And so there's been, like, this nod to Pepe coin from. From Vitalik, from a handful of, like, just crypto thought leaders over the span of these years. And the comparison to Dogecoin, for me, also has this high level comparison of maybe Doge doesn't get to doge levels without Elon really publicly supporting and backing it from a cultural standpoint. And so whether it's tinfoil hat or maybe people don't really know, but there's this weird historical context with the team and early crypto leader such as Vitalik. And there's a moment where he tweeted about it, and then a few weeks ago, he actually went back and liked that tweet. And so there's kind of like, this tinfoil hat effect where Doge has Elon, and, you know, if there is one meme coin that Vitalik chose to champion and back, it would probably be one building this type of substance on chain and bringing just not only a good feeling, but just bringing a level of innovation to crypto versus the 99% of meme coins that are currently out there and harnessing a lot of attention. So that's the last thing I want to throw in there, is that maybe it's my. My conspiracy theory that at some point, if you were to back a coin, that pepe coin would be a good choice for Vitalik.
Speaker B: Talk about a kol, huh? Chamber.
Speaker A: You know, I'm going to be honest with you.
Speaker B: How many sold for a Vitalik tweet?
Speaker A: I would say at minimum five. But you kept mentioning the term kol, and I didn't have the heart to ask you what it meant.
Speaker B: One of those things. Yeah, I see.
Speaker C: And then you just said it again, and I'm like, oh, shit, I got.
Speaker B: Do you know what it means now? Because the term came out of fucking nowhere, by the way. It was influencer, influencer, influencer for the last, however many years. And just in the last month, we decided everybody's a kol. Key opinion leader.
Speaker A: Key opinion leader. Oh, my goodness. No, I did. I did not know that.
Speaker B: I just wanted, on the record that my opinions are not leadership, nor are they key. So take everything I say with the grain of salt.
Speaker C: The origin of it is even worse, because it was actually people that if you wanted your book to be a New York Times bestseller, you paid kols within the book world to actually pump your book up so that it would actually then sell and make it up in the New York Times. And they. That the people that were labeling them were so annoyed by them, they didn't want to label them influencers. They named them Kols, which is so funny that we flipped that script and brought it into this one as like, oh, it's. Oh, you're a. You're not an influencer. You're a kol. Right? It's such a. It's funny how that origin got crazy.
Speaker B: And then back crazy. Well, I am here to thank our two Pepe coin kols for an awesome, awesome discussion. This was really cool. I feel more educated. I hope our audience looking for some meme coins with substance or looking to get into an AI play. This is the best of both worlds. I described it as, like, you know, for me personally, it's the Venn diagram. The Venn diagram is crossing of, like, the two things I'm super interested in. Right? So this project says, you know, just screams a ton to me. Like, hey, this is where I probably should have been putting some energy for a long time, but. So I'm glad to be able to share this information with our audience. If you had never heard of this project before, definitely worth checking out. Looking into the last question I had for you guys, you kind of mentioned it in passing as part of the utility. Do you know much about the functionality or what is actually going to make keckbot different than some of the other stuff that's out there.
Speaker D: Yeah, I'll jump in there and then Fanzo can, can clean up. If I miss anything, I'm going to drop a tweet up that has a link to an article that provides a little bit of information about it. But just a quick excerpt here from the article is it's a cutting edge, unique trading terminal designed to streamline the trading experience for users beyond the limitations of traditional Dex swap interfaces. And the feature list includes portfolio management, mev blocking protection, limit orders, sophisticated charts, trader chat, p and l reports, token discovery, scanner, mirror trading, sniper bot and much more. So, bunch, the way that I think about this is the feature list covers about four or five different tools that I use separately, all in one singular tool. And so for me, I'll basically be upgrading into one battle station for like everything meme coin trading and just crypto trading related in one singular space. There is a, they kind of alluded to be basically a reward system for pepe Coin. Whether it's drip down Pepe coin, we're not really sure. It's a little bit of speculation, but we do know that being a Pepe coin holder and potentially staking against the trading bot has its benefits for holders. In addition to that, the feature list that they provided, they've also alluded that the AI that they're building will be integrated in some facet. And in telegram, they basically mentioned being able to put in a prompt into the trading bot to help you basically streamline and become a much more effective trader through AI analysis. And so these are things that's where.
Speaker B: I was going to ask about. I was like, mandy, if you include AI into that, that's pretty interesting.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: So they didn't really go into detail. It's not in detail on both the screenshot and the article, but in the telegram message, one of the developers kind of, he basically like teased out, he's like, you know, what if you could put in a prompt that says, you know, like, what are the, what are the top five meme coins being traded on Ethereum right now with the highest volume that is also renounced. Right. And to be able to throw that into like, literally a typed out of prompt and to get a response back and be able to click one button to make a trade, that's what they kind of alluded to in message. We haven't really seen much confirmation about that, but there is speculation that one of the brains that gets dedicated to the team will actually be utilized for keckbot. And so it's something that is a huge add on and definitely a use case for the decentralized AI that they're building. But for me, it's like this myriad of features that, like I mentioned, I use across four or five different trading tools that that's all in one place that could also allow us to trade, you know, really as a community, whether that's through the chat, the holder chat, or through mirror trading for people that maybe don't have the time to trade as actively as they want to, but they might have somebody in their network that would allow them to mirror trade them. And so, or just maybe your favorite trader that you have access to, you know, their wallet and, and their, their docs wallet. There's a lot of tools within the ecosystem that allow you to maybe even, you know, accelerate the, the learning pattern or to become a much more effective trader through this technology.
Speaker B: Dear Keckbot, find me generational wealth. What do we think? Yeah. Awesome. Well, this was a really, really fun conversation. Chamber. Do you feel more educated than when you started today?
Speaker A: I mean, I don't know about educated. I'm not a very bright man. But I'll tell you what, I feel rejuvenated and reinvigorated due to the content that was provided today.
Speaker B: Amazing. And I knew that was going to happen because we had two incredible kols Kec opinion leaders. They're keck opinion leaders now for Pepe Coin, Drew Fanzo. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much for coming out and educating our audience. Super excited to share this one out. Hopefully it becomes a piece of evergreen Pepe coin content that can be shared with incoming folks learning about the project for maybe, maybe decades. Oh, my God. Imagine. Geez. Like, they've already been around eight years. What's stopping them? Right? So that's going to do it for us. Chamber. Are we playing an outro with one of your bangers or what?
Speaker A: I sent some to pain. Pain.
Speaker B: Do we.
Speaker A: Do we have any queued up?
Speaker B: You already know. All right, that's going to do it for us. Until next time, keep the mic.
Speaker D: Said the Dubai rain is man made.
Speaker A: I ain't.
Speaker D: I ain't never heard no shit like that, that in my life. How much am I paying? You mean how much are they paying me? You guys are so dramatic. Who in Dubai?
Speaker A: What y'all doing? House party at club handsome.
Speaker D: House party at club ansemouse.
Speaker A: What have I done? What have I become?
Speaker B: I can't describe this. This is my mid mic crisis.
