Speaker A: Hello, and welcome to episode 21 of the Mint Condition. I'm chamber, if you haven't figured it out yet. Bunchu is missing in action. So Des and I are gonna put together a show. I think it's gonna be a good one. It's gonna be nonstop goats all the time. And we're gonna. We're gonna talk about how the drop went. We're gonna talk about all sorts of fun stuff that happened over the last week because it has been a busy week in nfTs, specifically in the goats world. Lots of good stuff happening there. Des, how was your week overall? I mean, besides the launch, how you doing in general?
Speaker B: I mean, the week has been. The launch. It's great. No, it's fantastic. It's crazy to think, like, a week ago, we were sitting here talking about the launch, and I, you know, we were very optimistic and hopeful, but just to see how the community came out and supported it, how they did and just everything with, you know, making sure it ran smooth and, you know, we had the drop that we wanted to deliver to the community. It's just. It's crazy sitting here now, looking back. So very honored, very blessed to have had such an amazing week. But it's been busy, I'll be honest. I'm operating on probably, like, a total of 25 hours of sleep over the last.
Speaker A: Over the week. Yeah, that's.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's. It's been rough, but, um, it's kind of like it's gonna be. I was talking to my wife. It's gonna be like this. Told the forge. Unfortunately, that's. That's just what it is. It's a huge push to the forge, and, you know, I can't wait. So it's gonna be good.
Speaker A: So before we get into the deep dive of the launch and all the stuff that's happened over the last, you know, seven days or so, bunchu is okay, everybody. He's just away from work. I think he's, like, doing, like, a work holiday mix and match. Like, I feel like he said, I was at the beach this day, then I had to drive over here this other day, going back to the beach. So I'm not 100% sure what he's doing, but I do know he doesn't want to be working, and he'd probably just want to be at the beach and more than likely probably also wants to be on the show right now. But he'll be back later this week. We're gonna have a. It sounds like we're gonna have a second episode on Friday. A Zed run episode. For those of you who are interested in that, a little housekeeping as well. Stay tuned for the end of the episode. Of this episode, we will be drawing for our goats giveaway. We got a goat we're giving away to. I don't know, I think there was like 200 people that participated. So thanks, bunch.
Speaker B: I'll throw an extra goat in there.
Speaker A: Two goats. Watch out now. So I'm going to post in the chat. So if you're watching on YouTube, on Periscope, on Twitch, I just put in the chat, the Twitter for the giveaway. All you have to do is just retweet that. And then at the end of the episode, we'll draw two winners. So exciting stuff. Des, you genius. So right away, right away, before you tell me how it went, I'm going to tell you how I thought it went. As an outside observer, I have nothing to do with goats. Obviously, I know you, but that's about as close as it gets. I own some goats, but I would say the overall, the overall temperature of Twitter and of the NFT space was more positive than even I thought it was going to be. You saw people, I mean, it sold out in what, 40 some minutes, which was fantastic. Crazy already fantastic. But what I was seeing that I have not seen in quite some time is people were people switching their profile pictures to the goats. It was like, I mean, in my opinion, it was bored ape level success. Considering board apes already had their success and we didn't think we're going to see that ever again, possibly. I would say that it was probably the best release possible that you could have anticipated. That's what I saw. How did you feel about that?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, it was a crazy. It was a crazy 24 hours leading up to the launch, I'll be honest, didn't sleep much the night before. Just, I've talked on the show before. You know, we were ones who took our time a little bit. You know, we've been going at this pretty much since bored apes released. We took a little hiatus in there and then were revived by a few other projects coming to market. And so, you know, it's. It's been nonstop. But at the end of the day, I just. The reason why we got back into goats is we just wanted to deliver an experience that was great for the customers, great for people buying, great for our community, and a smooth drop. So that, I mean, that was paramount. That was exactly what we wanted to deliver. And leading up to the launch, you know, we saw so many companies and so many different projects come in and do their drops. And it was crushing because I knew I wanted to get it out, but no way was I going to be forced to rush and not accomplish the one thing that we set out to do, which was give a great, smooth experience. Now, I do have to give credit because, you know, I said this before, but we learned something from every single drop, right? The goats drop would not have been as smooth if bulls the week before had a great launch, but insane gas fees and, you know, they tried experimenting with a, a lower transaction. And it's funny because you would have thought, oh, that's great for the community. But then the more we thought about it and we're like, oh, did that lead to double transactions being requested? Because people do want 20. They do want 40 bulls, but now they have to submit two and four transactions instead of just, you know, maybe one. And so that was something we stuck with. We stuck with the 20, and it was a perfect balance. You know, gutter cats had their, their contract released right before launch, which now I understand what happened. I mean, you can just interact with any contract on either scan prior to it going live on the website, and you can just mint directly from the contract. And so what did we do? We waited till the very, very, very last second to post our contract. Took a little bit of flack from it internally because they were like, oh, where's the contract? This is so shady. But we knew that we wanted to make sure we, a, didn't leak any metadata earlier than we needed to, and then, b, the contract wasn't able to be used through etherscan to purchase goats. So all in all, you know, we have to thank all those launches that came before us because it wouldn't have been as smooth without them. So.
Speaker A: So was that happening with other drops where whenever they release that contract, I mean, were they doing the same thing? Were they waiting till the last minute like that? Or is that where we were seeing those metadata leaks is because they were releasing it maybe a day before or a few hours before?
Speaker B: Yeah, at least a few hours before. And it's pretty, man, it's pretty easy to get in there and really figure out pretty much all the metadata and everything.
Speaker A: And you could just make the rarest stuff from that, right?
Speaker B: I mean, if you understand the sequencing of it, because everything's a randomized sequence. If you're able to run a piece of code and pull out all the metadata from just the randomized sequence and then figure out these index, the starting index, then, yeah, you can quickly run a piece of code that says, all right, find me the ethereal fer. And it'll say, all right, it's now. It was 1142. Now going to be seven, you know, 7760. And, of course, it's hard to plan and target that, even if you know it, but especially when a drop sells out in 42 minutes. But again, it goes to the principle of just not being able to know what you're minting. So, yeah, it's. It was just a great learning experience, and I do think we delivered a really smooth drop experience. The gas at its worst, which was kind of in the middle somewhere, you know, was a fourth of what it was for the bulls.
Speaker A: Right. So, I mean, I spent some money on gas, for sure. I meant it 20. I think I bought some. I bought some more on. On the secondary market, but I think I spent, and I was kind of. I would say right in the middle. I was probably an average purchaser. As far as the time went. I think I spent maybe just under $400 in gas on 20 of them. You average it out over the 20. It wasn't too, too bad, but, yeah. So we're both from. I mean, I was at one point from the corporate world. You are in the corporate world. In a lot of these project reviews, we talk about, like, the good, the bad, the ugly. I don't like that term. I prefer, like, the good, the bad, the beautiful, because we can talk about the bad. There shouldn't be two bads. There should be two goods.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Because I think this drop was. Yeah, like I said, was probably as good as you could have anticipated. What were like, obviously, you mentioned kind of learning from the drops from the other projects out there, like, you know, like gutter cats, like bulls on the block. What was maybe one thing that you wish you could have, that you learned after the fact that maybe we could have. We could have tweaked or modified. Was there anything. I mean, like I said, it was pretty good.
Speaker B: I mean, especially looking back how everything's panned out, even over the last, you know, four or five days, there's not too. There's not too much regret there. If I'm being, like, hypercritical.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: If I'm being hypercritical, I. If I'm being hypercritical, I guess I don't know if it would have been the right course of action, but I would have liked to have more time to maybe explore what it would have been like to implement a limited minting option initially and then open it up to let whales kind of get in and whatnot. Regardless, I mean, there was. I think I looked at the list. There was only, like, 14 people that minted over 100, or maybe it was even less than that. Eight people that minted over 100. So, you know, they didn't get consumed. We had 1600 users buy, which, I mean, that, to me, that would have. If you told me that was going to happen, I would have been like, perfect success. And it sold out as quickly as it did. You know, I would have said we got it into the masses that wanted it and heard about it, considering our, our Twitter following at the time was only 3300 people. So, yeah, I thought, I thought. I thought it went great. You know, I don't have too many regrets watching the users go from 1600 mint buys to 2400 plus. Now.
Speaker A: Is that where we're at now?
Speaker B: Yeah. That's pretty awesome.
Speaker A: That is pretty awesome.
Speaker B: It was funny. Someone ran a poll or something. They're like, by the end of the week, who's going to have more individual users? Cool cats or goats? And I was like, oh, we're not gonna. We're not gonna get there. I mean, you know, but there's a good chance we get there. So it's just crazy. It's been an awesome experience and, yeah, I don't have too many regrets. I'm just excited for what's to come.
Speaker A: So we gotta talk about two things for sure. The first thing, I don't know what order you wanna talk about them in, but we should probably talk about the forge.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And some of the activity, some of the extracurricular activity that happened over the course of the week. I don't know what order you want to do that in because they're kind of. They kind of go together a little bit.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Let's talk.
Speaker B: Let's talk about the forge first, you know, because literally all eyes are on the forge now, which is great. I mean, that's the way it was intended. You know. I do think the forge is a major differentiator for our project. I think the sandbox integration is great as well, which we do have a six by six in the sandbox. So that's a great update that we had right after launch.
Speaker A: That's a flex right there. Six by six.
Speaker B: Yeah, we do.
Speaker A: I was hoping you were come knock on my door, asked me to buy my three by three. I want to give it to a fair price.
Speaker B: For sure. For sure. No. So we're excited about that, but no doubt, no question, the forge was a differentiator for us. So it's all about delivering on that. I think what has been so cool is in this space over the last week, so many people are talking about deflationary projects. I'd like to selfishly say, because of what's happened with goats and the attention that the forge has gotten. So I feel like more than anything else, goats is going to be that kind of catalyst to where we take NFT projects going forward. I mean, you look at the projects coming out this week announcing different deflationary aspects. I think it says a lot about what that means to the community, the fact that the community is wanting more utility in different ways to interact with these tokens. So I'm really excited about that. To be the first through the wall, you always say you get a little bit bloody, and by definition, we definitely have been the first is always a little bit bloody. But again, you're the one doing that breakthrough, changing the game. That's what we're so excited about.
Speaker A: Well, you're the ones being compared to going forward now.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: You're the high watermark. You know, whatever comes out next, was it better or worse than what goats did? You know, if it's in the same realm, that was probably. I mean, that's. That's the coolest part about, obviously, the project is the forge, and I've been tossing around the idea of the game theory behind it, and it's so much. There is. There is, because obviously your instinct is to just take like an ethereal, you know, ethereal goat with a kobe goat and make ethereal Cobye, probably with a halo. But I mean, in my opinion, I mean, I feel like that's going to be the most common one. And does that, you know, what does that do to the value? What does that do? Maybe the things that are more common now are going to be more rare once the forge opens up. I've been thrown around the idea of not forging anything whatsoever. You know, that, that, yeah, that's. That's a route that I'm throwing around in my mind. But I do want, for the record, I'm definitely forging my mythical goat with my Kobe goat. I mean, there's a couple other ones I'm going to throw in there, but I'm definitely having a mythical fur with the Kobe jersey. It's definitely happening, but I feel like that'll be a fairly common one with time, so hopefully not. But what are your thoughts there? Like, what? Give me. Give some alpha to just me. Nobody else is listening.
Speaker B: That was the whole intention is just, you know, we have a real big change coming, which is the introduction of the forge. And that puts you at a real decision point. And that, to me, is what got us so excited at the beginning of this is that game theory of, do I do this? What is the market going to do? Where's the value lie? Um, I think. I think it's. I think it's so cool. So our job as goats is to try to make that decision as hard as humanly possible for you. So we have to give you. We have to give you benefit. Mission accomplished, to a forge, and then to keep as is unforged. And I think one thing I will concretely say at this point is there is going to be value at unforged goats. I mean, you look at anything in collectability, the original is always perceived as having more value, even if something maybe down the line is a little bit rarer. So I think, now, will there be.
Speaker A: Like, a demarcation in that forge goat that immediately?
Speaker B: Yeah, for every forged goat. And we posted this, I think, in discord was, like, a little preview of what it looked like. But it's a new trait. So there's seven traits right now. An 8th trait will be added that will be forged. So, you know, goats will have that, or forged goats will have that. So, yeah, you'll be able to denote what is an OG original minted goat verse versus a forged goat. And I think that in itself is a huge, you know, pro as to maybe why you keep something that is perfectly special in the way it is, or the combination as it is, if it's unforged. You know, I saw a couple ones that spoke to me this week. Cause you have to understand, I didn't know what the makeup of all the goats were gonna be until the night before. It's a randomization off chain that's done and then pushed on chain. So I didn't know, like, there's a chance that we could have walked away with zero alt basketball and halos, and I would have been really sad about that. But instead, we got some. We also likely got some tiger furs and some golf shirts, which I'm very pumped about. So there are these, like, cool combination that already exists within the unforged goats that I would be a little surprised if people went out of their way to forge those.
Speaker A: So, I got a question here from Vicki. I'm going to pepper in some comments, some questions from the chat as we do this. But Vicki, I think she's the ice cream queen of Florida, but don't quote me on that. I'm pretty sure this is the same Vicky I'm thinking about. I see her in spaces. She's quite nice. She's a british lady that lives in Florida. That just seems like a bad decision overall. But this is me. She asks what's going to happen in the sandbox part of our houses. That's a big part of the roadmap for goats.
Speaker B: Yeah, we actually. There was a little confusion in the chat past couple days, and a couple community members called it out. And I wanted to release an announcement this morning in the discord to just kind of clarify a few points. But I'm always happy to clarify more. But the integration way it works is on the last piece of the forge, the UI, how it's built. The last thing you do is select what type of house you want built on your behalf in the sandbox area we call Goatsville. So Goatsville is a six by six land or estate in the sandbox in the Euphoria area, right around Zed, right around board apes. And what will happen is we goats retain the ownership of the entire estate. But what we will do upon you forging a goat and you selecting what house you type you'd like to build. Right now, there's four house types. It's like cabin, barn, villa and modern. Those are like the three different Vauxhall houses you can build.
Speaker A: Are there different costs associated? Is one better than the other?
Speaker B: Completely free to you guys, whoever forges. And there's no different. You just got to select your style. I'm actually trying to convince the team to add two more. So there'll be a total of six. Right now it's just four. But I do kind of want to add two more house types. And then what we'll do, we'll take that information and basically build on a piece of that estate, your home, tied to your goat. Forged goat id. So say you forge number two. Just for example, say you forge two and 2000. And you pick two. You want to keep two as the goat id. So then we will build the house you want. Say you pick a villa. We'll build a villa style home on a. On a piece of the sandbox land, Goatsville. And we will demark it with number two. So it'll be tied to the forged goat. So, but just to be clear, the users, because the way sandbox works right now, and I have to say right now, because sandbox is still developing. Right. It's not a relief, at least the public and the fact that you can go in and explore, it's not that way, yet they're still developing it. So I say all this with what we can guarantee can happen, but you never know. As they develop further, maybe we can transfer a piece of a land to you and into your wallet. I have no idea. But what we can commit to is that we're going to build it on your behalf. We're going to retain ownership of Goatsville, but you will have a place to call home inside Goatsville. So that's, you know, just to be very clear, we're not transferring you a piece of. A piece of a land because it's just not possible right now. We're building on your behalf.
Speaker A: It's your ticket to explore that estate, essentially. And you will have a home, a villa, a barn, whatever. That's kind of representative of your forging on, you know, in the ghost, I get. Yeah. So that makes sense. I mean, if I get it, people, there shouldn't be any confusion. So. So we were talking. You were talking a little earlier about metadata. The big, you know, it was positive news across the board, I would say, for goats. There was. There was somebody in the NFT world that brought up some, you know, questions and concerns, if you weren't familiar. Beanie on Twitter was. Was asking some questions in regards to the on chain aspect of forging and how important that was or not important that was. There was some questionable stuff that happened after the fact that kind of paired up with that question or putting a little seeding, a little doubt into the community that I wasn't 100% on board for. But before we get into that side of it, maybe talk a little bit, if you can address it. I know you did. By the way, for those of you who were there, our friend Lance on Twitter had a spaces the other day where this was being discussed, I think the night. The night of. And you came in. And I wish I could have played the intro for Stone Cold Steve Austin because it was like, it was beautiful, because people were talking, I was listening, I had some information, but I'm not able to get on these spaces and kind of talk that much. And to be perfectly honest, if any of these concerns should be addressed, it should be addressed by somebody that knows 100% what they're talking about. And in my opinion, that's you. So when I heard, we were kind of. We were messaging each other and buncha was there as well. And I hopped off for a moment, hopped back on, and all of a sudden, I could just hear you talking and addressing all those concerns. Because I was in a prior, I was probably in that conversation, in that space for 2030 minutes prior, and people were given explanations like, I'm 100. I'm pretty sure these people don't know what they're talking about. I mean, they thought they did. They weren't doing it maliciously, but I didn't feel the information was exactly right. And then you came in and really set the table properly and explained and really put to rest a lot of concerns that people may have had. Can you kind of reiterate some of the things you brought up on that space?
Speaker B: Sure. Yeah. What a crazy morning that was the morning. Lucky I was up early and working on goats and saw the tweet come across. And first of all, instant reaction is, oh, my gosh, Beanie's talking about goats.
Speaker A: We made it. Absolutely.
Speaker B: Regardless of what it said or whatever, it's like he's, you know, one of the top five influencers NFT space. We have his attention, like, what are.
Speaker A: We gonna be top five?
Speaker B: Exactly. No matter what it says. It's like, okay, this is, you know, this is. This is a bit. This is a big deal. So, in a way, I was. I was honored. You know, I've followed Beanie. I mean, yeah, he ruffles feathers and. And clearly does some.
Speaker A: I can't be that upset on, because I feel I do the same thing. He's a man after my own heart.
Speaker B: I can't chamber is Beanie. Maybe I am beanie.
Speaker A: That'd be so weird.
Speaker B: Yeah. But anyways, so, you know, I saw the tweet, and it was. Yeah, it was a mixed emotions because I was very. I was very happy that, you know, we have his attention, but also the fact that he was calling out some of the off chain versus on chain things and poking. Trying to poke some holes and in what we were doing, you know, obviously, I didn't really appreciate that. What was so funny?
Speaker A: I think you could have appreciated it had there not been a. Another tweet a few hours later of him promoting a similar type product project with the benefits being, or at least what their, you know, their perceived benefits being that those same transactions were on chain. So, you know what I mean? I feel that was the question. The question itself could have been, okay, had the other stuff not had happened to.
Speaker B: No, it's kind of true. I mean, I walked away from that morning thinking, okay, you know, whatever. It's. It's. It is what it is. Hopefully, I addressed it from our community. It wasn't something I was about to get in the Twitter war for. That's. That's just not who I am. Like, 99% of the time, I'm gonna kill you with kindness. And then that 1% of the time, you better watch out, I'll just kill you for real. But it wasn't one of the 1% times that. So, yeah, I just. You know, what he did acknowledge was that it was cool. Forging was cool. It is an interesting concept. He was interested in it, and so that was great. Now, the whole argument of on chain, off chain, like, we just never, ever once said that it was going to be on chain. And to be fair, our team doesn't really know how we would handle that. That is a technological problem that we still are. Like, oh, okay, if you can do it, do it. But that's. That's a lot of data being transacted on chain. Those. Those image layers are incredibly. If you think about how we do it now, we send JSON file as the. As the metadata. The thing is like a kilobyte. That thing's so small, it has a link to an IP or whatever you use. But for us, it's an IPFS location for the image. And then just a bunch, a string of characters, you know, that's it.
Speaker A: That.
Speaker B: That's all the data. If you're telling me that each trait image exists on chain and you're combining it on chain and you're minting and manufacturing it on chain, I personally don't know how that's going to be done. But like I said, if they can do it, good for them without causing an incredible amount of congestion in the network. And gas, associated gas.
Speaker A: $500 to forge every time.
Speaker B: Like, I don't know.
Speaker A: I don't know. I don't know if that's feasible.
Speaker B: I don't know. But we'll see. Like, what are some of the other.
Speaker A: What are some of the other projects that do stuff not necessarily forging, but what are some other projects that do things off chain?
Speaker B: So.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Like, I mean, so many, so many projects do stuff off chain. And even some of the company, even some of the, uh, the different projects that have since now released, hey, we're going to do forging, which I think is kind of funny. Um, clearly, they didn't have that baked into their contract before, so they're going to have to do a lot of it off chain. Um, which, you know, it just. If you trust the companies, if you trust the people behind it, there. There shouldn't be any issue. Um, but, uh, no, like I said, hey, if. If on chain is the future, we are happy to be the first through the wall doing it off chain and paving the way for someone to do it on chain. But it is a. It is a pretty technological problem that, you know, it's going to be interesting how they solve. That's another thing is I feel like we took a lot of flack for, like, not being prepared or not having this thought out in, like, a lot of the mechanics we did think out and are in our current contracts so that we can do that. Like, not every run of the mill contract can forge. But I think it's funny that we got called out for being unprepared when, like, this new project that he ended up pumping later. I'm pretty sure it's pretty conceptual at this point. They don't have, like, a launch date. They were talking in their. Their thread about, hey, maybe we're going to do it this way. Right. So I just. I think that was kind of.
Speaker A: I think the project even put out a tweet saying that exact thing.
Speaker B: Yeah, I. So it is. It is what it is. Like I said, it. It really didn't ruin my day for one. I have to thank this community. They supported us during that day more than ever. Some people, you know, aren't the kill it with kindness type of people, and they love beanie. Know what's up? Me.
Speaker A: Let's kill it.
Speaker B: Fun to see, but overall, you know, it's. It's one of those things. No, no.
Speaker A: I do have to bring something up for bunch because he's not here. I feel like you would want to say it and where. Where I was the most upset, obviously. You know, I just thought it was in poor taste or maybe just not the right way to do it. Like, it just seemed like there was. He was bringing your project down to promote another project. Yeah, I wasn't that upset about that. Like, you know, it's annoying. But what was upsetting to me was the fact that, you know, we were, we've been pretty supportive of projects that he's done and had on our show. And, I mean, maybe he didn't know that you were a part of this show or I'd imagine he probably does. But, I mean, we were big supporters of, you know, punk's comic. I don't know. Yeah, a full show dedicated to that. Even if you had those questions or concerns, knowing that. Just a little bit of common courtesy. Just a little common courtesy. Come on. So anyways, I know Bunch would want us to bring that up because I know Bunch is the nicest one, but he's the maddest one of the three of us.
Speaker B: That's great.
Speaker A: Here we go, my bro. Say it louder. So I wanted to make sure we had some bunch of representation in that discussion. So we won't spend it. I mean, unless we want to. But I don't think we can move forward. And I want to know, and I'm sure people do want to know, is we mentioned, I think, last week that you were hoping by the end of July, you know, correct me if I'm misquoting you here.
Speaker B: Yeah, I said so. I said, like, three to four weeks post launch, which would kind of put it at that first week of August. And I honestly, I had a meeting with our development team today, and they were so, you know, obviously, I've been stressing a little bit the past few days. There's. If we just had the forge to focus, it would be one thing, but, you know, there are some new great ideas from the community that, you know, want to get in. As a manager, I'm always. I'm always, you know, aware of Scope creep, but I am willing to allow things to come in that are meaningful and you. Things like having a preview of the forge before the forge releases, like, you know, being able to craft your forged goats now and have a nice image of it and kind of work out those combinations, I think that's important. So, you know, I asked the dev team to work on that and get that done as quickly as possible. But, you know, I had a meeting today where I was going to go in with them and say, you know, how's our timeline looking? And they were just so fired up. It was really. It was kind of a surprise to me. Like, they're so fired up to be the first people in this space to do something like this. They're hungry for it. And I was kind of blown away. So, on that note, I'm very excited about our timeline. I still think it'll probably just. Because, again, our whole. And this is what the thing is, you know, a lot of people are like, oh, you know, there's fud in the air. Release it sooner and kill the fud.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker B: That's not how you kill the fud.
Speaker A: That's how you make more fun.
Speaker B: That's how you make more fun. You make more errors. Like, the best thing to do is just say, hey, this has been our mission from the get go. Do it right once. Don't have to redo it right. And that's what we want to do. And so, I mean, that's still looking.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's been the process the entire time. Like you'd mentioned before. I mean, how difficult was it to see, you know, project after project after project release and you guys are just, you know, steady working, making sure all the bugs are out. I helped out with some testing, you know, beforehand. There's a ton of testing going on to make sure this launched as smoothly as possible, which it did. And I have to imagine the same thing is happening now with the forges. We're just going to make it. We're going to check, we're going to double check. We're going to triple check. We're going to check all the boxes. So when we do put this out, it's going to be just as smooth as the launch washing.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, that's, um, that's pretty much what we're, we're sticking on. You know, that's. We proved that we can do something that's somewhat, you know, I think Beanie actually called our contract amateur in, and that was probably like the only comment of the whole day that was like, really like amateur, bro, because it worked to perfect. I mean, it worked so smooth. So, anyways, but that's, that's just been our mission from, from the get go, is just do things right once. And we're going to do that with the forge. Keep it clean, keep it professional. I know I sent you a little preview.
Speaker A: I don't want to say anything.
Speaker B: I know. I sent you a little preview of it earlier this week. It's clean. It's very clean. I like it. So, you know, we're pressing on. It's not going to distract us. It distracted us that day, unfortunately, but we came back the next day.
Speaker A: Well, it provided an opportunity to pick up some additional goats for myself, so I wasn't that upset about it. So this is from Edison Chong here. Is Des and craft the same person? I've never seen them both in the same spot. So, you know, could be. Could be the same person.
Speaker B: Kraft is not a person. It was a. It was a company moniker. I don't know what you want to call it. That I started a long time ago actually has nothing to do with digital space at all. It's actually, believe it or not, about, like, leather goods and handmade stuff. Yeah, it's, it's. It. That's where it started. Now it's evolved into, like, this little brand and this company and then I'm des. I personally am Dez. Craft is not a person. So.
Speaker A: So, yeah, we got one from Vicki. Again. What's your favorite or what are your personal favorite traits right now? Do you have any? Are you.
Speaker B: Yes, of course.
Speaker A: What's your favorite?
Speaker B: I have some, like, no question. The moment I saw it come back from the artist, I was, like, whole. I think I sent you guys a picture, like, instantly, I was like, this is the fur. Like, ethereal fur. And how I came up with ethereal, it was like, kind of a play on the words of ethereum, but ethereal in itself is, like, a definition of, like, light. And, you know, so I was like, this. This is sweet. So 100% since the day when it came back from our artist, ethereal was. It was the go to for in my mind, and therefore, I made it, or I tried to make it the rarest. It was very close. You know, I. The. The percentages we allocated to ethereal verse. Mythical was pretty far apart.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: They actually, they got really close together, and that would have been interesting if they flipped rarities. But luckily, ethereal is the rarest for. And, um. Yeah, I'm happy with that. There. There's so many. There's so many side traits that people don't know that I have, like, a personal connection to. Like, alt jockey is one of my favorites.
Speaker A: All jockey I have, I think that's my mythical. Is alt jockey.
Speaker B: Oh, sweet. I just love the. The pinks and the. And the light blues in that, like, jockey silk. It's the silks of one of my favorite. I'm a horse racing fan, and that's why I got into Zed and all that stuff. It's the silks of one of my favorite horses of all time. And they're stable. So there's a lot of, like, sentimental ones. Someone was asking, does Dez own his own goats? For the contract to prove that it worked, we minted the first five. Some. Some people like mint, like bulls minted 30. I think other companies or projects mint, like, 30 for free. We weren't about that life. We actually paid for it. I mean, I know it's ourselves, but. But we paid it. We paid for it. So we minted the first five. So goats owns the first five ever. We won't ever sell those. We might maybe give them away one day. I don't even know. But then I did buy one with the account, and that was a personal choice, which was I bought. I think I did. I think I bought an ethereal dad. Yeah, I've been trying to get it.
Speaker A: I've been trying to get an astronaut. I didn't realize how rare those were.
Speaker B: Yeah, astronauts are rare. Like, the stacked combo, in my mind, was like, ethereal astronaut and goggles. Like, those three together are pretty sick. I don't think any single goat has that right now. So that's only that. You have to. You would have to forge that.
Speaker A: But, yeah, I was reading this next question. I said, what a great question. And then I read who it was from, and it's from bunch. He says, has the model for deflationary numbers of goats changed based on the post mint numbers you've seen?
Speaker B: We have not gone back to our model yet and plugged in some of the new numbers just because, I mean, technically, things haven't changed as far as, like, you know, what. What we're trending towards. They change daily in my head because of the different benefits we're giving towards this decision making. So, um. No, but I think, like I said, if we do our job right and we make it a hard decision, I still. I don't. Just because people do value their Og minted goats. That's why I, like, love scene on our. On our discord is like, I'm never forging this. This is perfect the way it is. It color matches it, whatever. I'm like, hell, yeah. That's 100%. Like, that's a random chance you got that. You minted that, you bought that. Like, that's. That's legit.
Speaker A: So I was so torn with mine.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I ended up getting the one. Kobe I got had a green background, and, I mean, it's just. It kills me. It kills me. So we need to.
Speaker B: Nice purple. There's a nice purple background.
Speaker A: Any other color would have been fine. It's just green. Just slaps me in the face.
Speaker B: The Celtics battles of the early two thousands.
Speaker A: Yeah. So there's a lot of hate in my heart for the Celtics. Here's one from Stevie K. Can we have people for and against tagging goats with the number of times forged arguing the pros and cons? Do we see any pros and cons for or against?
Speaker B: You know, so right now in our goats votes, Discord channel. I think the winning vote right now is to. To denote how many times a goat has been forged. So, you know, you forge it once, it gets tagged with I don't know what we're going to do, but once, and then you forge it again, it's twice, three times, four times, whatever. You know, I. We were trying to talk about that internally as a team. It's definitely doable, and I think it does provide value. So, you know, I'm not going to commit into anything but I think that's probably the way we'd lean, is that, you know, you would be able to tell if a goat's been forged multiple times.
Speaker A: Here's one that has to do with forging sandbox from the best voice in the NFT space right now.
Speaker B: Tank anchorus. There we go.
Speaker A: I. You know, I've been a big fan of Pat for a while. I've recently kept hearing him on Twitter spaces, and by far. And I was talking to Des about this Friday. Rolling. We got to figure out a way to get this guy's show because I could just listen to tank anchor us all day. So he asks, if you forge two already forged goats, what happens to the two sandbox landhouses? Have we thought of that?
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, remember what we talked about earlier? The. The sandbox house will just have. The number is tied to the. To the forged goat. So if that forged goat doesn't exist.
Speaker A: Anymore, that house doesn't exist.
Speaker B: That house doesn't exist anymore.
Speaker A: Oh, no.
Speaker B: So you have to. You have to remember that.
Speaker A: All right. Good to know. Good to know. Let's see what else we got here. We got. Now. Are you thinking of. I gotta ask you, like, I have.
Speaker B: To say, I heard one. I just gotta shout it out. I heard. I. Damn. I better. I better actually look up who sent this today, because I want to give proper credit, but someone came into our discord and dm me with such. You know what?
Speaker A: Shoot.
Speaker B: I need to because I hate when people don't get credit for the cool things that they do. So I'm gonna find it, but I'm gonna describe it while I'm finding it. Someone was talking about, like, what happens to the forged goats? Like, obviously, they get burned, like, the other, that they disappear from the space altogether. We burn them, but what happens to them? And what could we do with it? And let's see. I am going to kill myself if I cannot find where this.
Speaker A: I got a question for you while you're looking. I think I know the answer to this one, but Wurzel gunnage, I don't know. He asks or she asks? I don't know. Yeah, they ask. Is there a preview of the forge? Go. Before committing to the forge?
Speaker B: Yes. 100%. That's a must. The team is totally comfortable with making that happen. 100%. So you'll have a separate app that we try to release before the forge even ever opens to preview that, but not only when the forge actually does open. That's part of the web app, is you get to see a preview of what it would be. That's an essential thing. Ash zero eight on discord came to me today with this really cool idea. And like I said, I'm not a fan of scope creep, but I do think this would be cool. All the goats that get burned get their images get snapped and put into like, a temple, like an honorary temple of the forged goats.
Speaker A: Could you do that within Goatsville or.
Speaker B: Yes. Oh, yes.
Speaker A: I mean, that would be very cool.
Speaker B: Yes. Oh. Ash zero eight just definitely earned themselves a goat. That is such a sick idea. And, you know, the one thing I will say I do have a regret is, is not adding a little bit more lore to the, to the story temple. The goats get pumped about this. So I think that's so cool. We're gonna figure out how to make that happen.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's exciting stuff. I'm trying to think. It looks like we have more. Oh, 1 second. Yeah, no, I think we have. If anybody has any more questions, feel free to pop them in now. But if we don't, we should probably get. What I'll do is I'll get you guys a couple more minutes to ask some questions. But in the meantime, what we're going to do is we're going to draw our winner for.
Speaker B: Yes, JK. We're going to put a burn date that was also ashes. That was Ash's suggestion as well, to.
Speaker A: Put a burn date. Awesome. In memorial. So let me show my screen here. And we're going to give away a couple of goats. So I have the tweet in question ready to go. So let's see who we got. So we'll pick and make sure you.
Speaker B: Change the settings to two winners.
Speaker A: Right. Well, what I'm going to do is I'll probably put it to. Yeah, I'll put it to two winners and then we'll do four substitutes just in case they are not available.
Speaker B: Sure.
Speaker A: I'm going to call goats. And we do countdown. So we got 188 participants. That's. I think that's the biggest one we've had yet.
Speaker B: That's awesome.
Speaker A: So let's see who we got here. Oh, my goodness. JP Kaz, friend of the show and de Sesto 94. I don't think there's any. I don't think we have any conflict of interest with these winners. So if we cannot, for whatever reason, and we got. JP kazz already has a goat, by the way. A goat, Abby. Which is okay.
Speaker B: You need to.
Speaker A: You need to multiples. If we can't, for whatever reason, get the winners, the next winners will be CK C, Killer Raider, or Leo Newman 19. So congratulations, though, to JP Kaz. I'm pretty sure I'll be able to reach out to him and decesto 94. So that's huge. So I don't know which one you're going to give up, but I got, I got a pretty sweet one. I got a red fireman, one that I'll reach out to JP with. And then if you have, like, an ethereal or something you want to throw away, you can send that to me first and then I'll send it.
Speaker B: Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha.
Speaker A: Let me just check the chat here. There was a good question about airdrops, bunch. Who says, now I gotta go freaking back and I find it. Um. Do you remember who it was, bunch, come on.
Speaker B: This is why we pay you the big bucks.
Speaker A: Um, something about airdrops. Come on. Somebody put in the chat.
Speaker B: I don't remember seeing that, but.
Speaker A: Well, this is why, Bunch, who is who he is.
Speaker B: He's just messing with us.
Speaker A: I mean, I. Do you know what he's like chambers doing too good of a job. I'm gonna be honest. I'm gonna mess with him. Maybe we'll put it back. Pepsi writings. All right, thanks, bunch.
Speaker B: I think it's ringdings.
Speaker A: Ringdings. I can't read. So another, another downfall for me as a host, my ability to read. Pepsi ringdings all the way up. There we are. Okay, here we go. I got it.
Speaker B: I got it. Airdrops be initially just for unforged goats with the airdrops. And as you'll see on our website under member benefits, there are NFT drops. And the one kind of clue that we gave was that there will be rare NFT airdrops for those who hold their original goats longer. So that still is the plan. That is, we talked about pros and cons of forging. One of the advantages to nothing forging your goat is you are able to receive a different type of NFT than is available to the general goat holder. So that we will release all the details on that prior to the forge opening. You have my promise on that is so that you can make an informed decision on forge day. Forge day. We got to think of a better name on the great forge.
Speaker A: The Forge of July.
Speaker B: Yeah, but it's not going to probably be in July. Just so the. But, yeah, before that, we open up the forge. We will give you the information on that airdrop, but there will be an exclusive airdrop that is just available to those who have kept their goats unfold forged. So yes, it's that. I'm not going to say what it is. If you've been paying attention in discord for a while, you probably can guess maybe what it is. But again, I'll get on my little two minute soapbox here. This whole new wave of giving out a offshoot NFT board, ape Clannel club, gutter rats. I think it's cool. And obviously as a holder and even started with me bits, actually, now that I think about it, but it's cool. But again, it doesn't quite provide any more utility of what to do with that token after. So, yes, everyone who's done these, basically you get some free eth for holding a previous version of, you know, the project, which is great. Don't get me wrong, that's awesome. I was a benefit of that for bored apes. So, you know, there, there is value there. Where I think, where I think we could possibly do a better job is figuring out how we can add a little bit more utility to that, make it a little bit more meaningful. So that's what we're exploring right now.
Speaker A: But, but, yeah, that's good stuff. Anything else you want to add? I feel we covered a good amount. I think I end on a high note before I. Before I ruin the rest of the show somehow.
Speaker B: That's right. No, no, this has been awesome. What I will just say is, if you're not in discord for goats, you should join. It's on our Twitter page profile. But I'm super open. Don't ever feel like you can't reach out to me. Ask me a question. I do have a ton of requests coming in nonstop, but that just means it might just take a minute to get back to you. But I value everyone's question, everyone's opinion. I do my best to answer it. So I'm an open book. And hopefully that was a reason that drew you into this project is, you know, I wasn't just another anonymous face or non face in this, in this space. And that, you know, that you can, you can trust that. So, yeah, I trust you, man.
Speaker A: I trust you.
Speaker B: Thanks. Thanks. I appreciate it. So, yeah, I'm just. I'm super excited. Today's meeting with the devs were. Was just actually really, really encouraging. So that, that was great. And then, you know, what we're doing with a few artists on the side, we're partnering with. You may know this, but the land vault, they're doing some pretty sick stuff in the metaverse and sandbox, we're in talks with them. So, yeah, it's exciting.
Speaker A: That's exciting. So bunch signs off with, great job, guys. I officially retired from the show, so I have to do something offensive right now or. I don't know. I got to do something because I can't. I can't have that. You know, I can't have that happen. So, Bunch, you know, maybe we'll talk about some ghosts or something later coming out of the wall, see what they're doing. But bunch of will be here on Friday, hopefully with our episode with Zed run. That's going to be a. That's going to be a big one. Might be. There may or may not be an announcement on that show.
Speaker B: I was gonna say we're close to a drop sometime soon, I would hope.
Speaker A: I know. I don't know what happened with the last one. I feel like I had a great drop a couple weeks ago.
Speaker B: I said that we were gonna be able to launch I said that we were gonna be able to launch goats before the next set drop check. So we did that.
Speaker A: I love it. I love it. So I'm excited for another Zed run drop because, yeah, the breeding has gone on without a hitch. I bred some more horses yesterday. Yeah, no, lots of good stuff. So tune in for that. It probably won't be a live show, but we'll put it out Friday at some point during the day. So you can watch it either Friday or over the weekend, but there'll be some big stuff happening there. So unless you got anything else to say, man, let's. Let's land this birdhouse.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: So I forget what we say at the end of this show.
Speaker B: Oh, my gosh. You cannot be.
Speaker A: So for myself chamber and for Des, we are the mint condition. Stay mint. There you go.
