Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the mint Condition episode 16. I am Joe, aka Bunch. You bets alongside my esteemed colleagues and co hosts, Chamber and Des. And we are live. Chamber, how does it feel to be live?
Speaker B: You know what? I feel alive when I'm. When I'm live.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker B: That's fucking bullshit. Oh, sorry, pardon me. I don't swear on this episode.
Speaker A: You can't do that.
Speaker B: We're live, baby.
Speaker A: We're live. Des, how you doing today, buddy?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, he's trying to be the bill O'Reilly of this podcast right here. I don't know if you guys have seen that clip, but of course, a legendary, legendary clip.
Speaker A: Of course.
Speaker C: But yeah, we're doing it live, apparently swearing at all.
Speaker A: So you said you were coming in hot. I'm not sure if that was your ETA or. You got some hot takes for us today, Des?
Speaker C: Oh, zero hot takes, icy cold takes only. I just meant I was gonna be late to this.
Speaker A: We were sitting here, we're like, oh, maybe that's what.
Speaker B: Yeah, we put that. We piece that together.
Speaker A: Yeah. So we have lots of fun stuff to cover. As we said, we are live. And we're doing a little giveaway while we're live. So if you. We're giving away an NFT from chambers NFT graveyard that we covered last week. So someone out there will win. What do we. What exactly are we giving away here?
Speaker B: Well, we're gonna, we're gonna, we're gonna scroll down. I think what we're gonna give away is a bit bong, I think. Let me, let me just let me pull it up here. Cause I feel we gotta put a border, I gotta put some sort of border between like the areas that they can choose from and the areas they can't choose from.
Speaker A: So is this like a NFT crane game?
Speaker B: Exactly. I mean, kind of dealer's choice really, if they want.
Speaker A: Your bonsais are not up for grabs.
Speaker B: Banzai's. Well, we'll see. Once we, once we get rid of everything else, we'll roll into bonsais. Now let me scroll 1 second.
Speaker A: Look at that profile. Dark mode, everything.
Speaker B: I'm gonna come back to it. I think it's just, it's running on a lot of fumes right now. So I'm just gonna re. I'll reset it.
Speaker C: I just followed us on Twitch and got the notification. Looks so good.
Speaker B: Look at that.
Speaker A: We are live. So where are we? We're on YouTube, Twitter, twitch.
Speaker B: I think those are the main ones.
Speaker A: I think those are the main ones. And satellite tv.
Speaker B: Correct. And satellite tv.
Speaker A: So. Well, so how's this. How's this giveaway going to work before we.
Speaker B: So what we'll do is, I think the easiest thing to do to put your name into this giveaway. All you need to do is go on Twitter and just retweet the live stream that you see there. If you're following us, you know, myself, Joe and Des, of all, retweeted it, more than likely. So if you follow one of us, just retweet that. And then at the end of the show, we'll just, we'll just pick one of the. We'll randomize one of the, one of the retweeters. So. And then we'll give away a bong or something. A bong or like what? Maybe one of those, like a manual, quickly.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: Immaculate. Quackly.
Speaker B: Immaculate. Yeah, exactly. Maybe we'll give away one of those. We'll give it. We'll give them an option. Well, we're not here to set parameters.
Speaker A: That's. That's what we don't do here. Set parameters. So, Trader Bean, what's up, man? He says new subscriber binged on some previous episodes. Any super yeti action? Des, did you get in on any yetis?
Speaker C: I didn't get any on the super yetis. I spent most of my time focusing on being upset at gutter cats. So I didn't quite have time for, for super yetis yesterday.
Speaker B: I don't. Super yeti. I don't even know what that is. That feels like super.
Speaker A: Super Yeti is an NFT project that was made in your likeness.
Speaker B: Oh, my goodness. How did they not reach out to me for sponsorship?
Speaker A: Well, you know, you can sue them for ip now just because you know what? You are a super yeti. He is the super eddie of this show.
Speaker C: Nobody's suing nobody in crypto, in NFT.
Speaker B: I mean, no kidding.
Speaker A: All right, so we have lots of stuff to cover. We are going to cover Zed run, we're going to cover bored ape Yacht club. We're going to cover gutter cats, top shot and a little sneak peek at something very special here to the mint condition. So let's get started. The first thing big news we got today was the announcement of the Zed run. Echo drop.
Speaker B: Echo drop.
Speaker A: Yes, echo drop. Now, they teased why it might be called the echo drop the other day and they had people guess, and I think it's because it's pretty much echoing the last drop and the fact that they've listened. They're echoing our feedback, I think, and they're trying to take some of our feedback into account here. When it comes to what they're doing for the drop, so are we. Let's go through what's actually going down. So the drop is going to be what's today? Wednesday.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So the drop is tomorrow night.
Speaker B: Is it Thursday? Oh, I thought it was Friday.
Speaker A: Shoot, no.
Speaker B: Good to know.
Speaker A: So it's Friday australian time, which is where they're located.
Speaker B: Like the future.
Speaker A: It is, yes. It's. It's Friday in the future. Tomorrow's drop it. So it will be tomorrow if you're in, you know, the United States or Canada, the real world. Wow. Just really alienating all of our australian Zed run users. So we have, uh, it is tomorrow night at 08:00 p.m. eastern time. So 08:00 eastern time. 05:00 p.m. des time. Uh, des, are you excited for this drop? Are you? What's your strategy going into the drop?
Speaker C: I mean, honestly, it's exactly kind of what I was expecting. So, um, they have, first of all, kudos to you.
Speaker A: You literally called it almost exactly a couple weeks ago. They gave, like, a tentative timeline of when the drop might be. And you said, eh, push it back a week. And that's what happened.
Speaker C: Yeah. No. And so timing wise, the rollout, I think, is, you know, very similar to what I would have thought the drop would be. I'm surprised that they went again with the waves. So one level of detail there is that there are going to be four waves, and I think they're spaced out 15 minutes apart. So the whole drop is going to be like an hour and hour. Like, that's it.
Speaker A: That's it.
Speaker C: Which is just so crazy. So drop one will, or whatever you want to call it, wave one will commence at 05:00 p.m. pacific tomorrow. And then every 15 minutes, there's going to be a second wave and third wave and a fourth wave. And so your stable will get assigned to one of those drops. And a very critical piece of information, your stable will only be able to purchase a horse in that drop that you're assigned. So last time there were people sharing links and you could purchase on wave three and wave two, even if you weren't assigned to it this time. That is not the case. You are going to be assigned a wave, actually, two through four. Cause another piece of it is. Wave one is exclusive to those people who missed out on their drop last time. They. They sent a. Yeah, they sent a link for, like, the 615 drop last time, and it was dead. No one could use it for that drop, or majority people couldn't use it for that drop. So they're kind of making, you know, I don't know, a reward or, you know, making an apology for those people.
Speaker A: Making it good, I guess, you know.
Speaker C: Yes, making it good. So they couldn't get it on that one, and they get a link to an exclusive wave just to the people who missed out on the last drop on that 615 dead link is going to be wave one. So actually, every. Let me rephrase that. All stables will be assigned either wave two, three, and four. So really only three waves for the general public. So hopefully there'll be a lot of horses within those waves. But, you know.
Speaker A: Yeah, we don't know the amount of horses. Correct.
Speaker C: You know, in the spirit of echo, I'm gonna assume it's a very, very similar number to last time, which was around 7000, just a little north of 7000.
Speaker A: Okay, so now, as Des said, 415 minutes drops. The first one is gonna be only for those who missed their dead link last time. You're going to be able to purchase one horse per stable, and then there's a ten minute cool down period. So after that ten minute cooldown, if there's still horses available, you can purchase another one. But just.
Speaker C: I just got to interject, just so it's very clear, because I don't want anyone getting mad at us, you're not guaranteed a horse, so you still better click as fast as humanly possible when you get that first ten minute cooldown.
Speaker A: And this is. I think this is a huge piece because what you said is super important. Just the ten minute cooldown assumes there's supply. Right? Like, I think in this case, the ten minute cooldown is going to kind of be for show, right? Like, if I don't expect there to be horses after ten minutes, right? Because not only there's half the amount of waves this time, right? So, like, there is, you know, twice as many people in each wave going for the same amount of horses. I guess there'd be twice as many horses in each wave. But, you know, I don't anticipate there being a lot of time for a second horse.
Speaker C: What I could see, and just based off of the demand last time, if you really, really want, you know, multiple horses and. And you're willing to pay up for a z two or z three or z four, maybe buy that one after your 1010 2nd cooldown timer. Just saying those are the ones that went last, you know, last time that were still available. The z two s were available for a while. The z four three s were available for a little while. So if you. If you want that one, maybe you get that after the cooldown timer. But yeah, like Bunchy said, this is just a way to guarantee people get a maximum of one horses. I have zero inclination that I'll get any more than just one horse. And even then it's, you know, it's going to be up to chance.
Speaker B: Somebody just dm'd me for a Zed run negotiation or Zed run horse negotiation.
Speaker A: Oh, we're doing a live auction here.
Speaker B: I'm trade as we go live trade.
Speaker A: So, you know, that brings up another point. The prices are going to be the same as they were last drop in. In USD. So they will cost you this time more ethereum or, sorry, more we. Where. Because you, again, you do need to use wrapped ethereum. Right. Matic.
Speaker B: And specifically, Matt.
Speaker A: Yeah, matically. Matic. We. Right. So very confusing sometimes if you don't know.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Get yourself loaded up with. If it's your first drop, you need to make sure that you know that. Right. So you've got to go deposit on either the Zed website or on Matic. You're depositing your eth to we on Matic. That's what you're paying with. The prices will be the same in USD. That's. It's a considerably more amount. Considerable more amount of we this time. So, you know, like it or hate it, I think that shows where we're talking about from. What do you think that means for secondary market prices on what's already out there? Because this was big speculation on, like, which way it was going to go. Is it going to be pegged because Eth is down. So is it pegged to wheat or peg to USD?
Speaker C: Someone commented on a Twitter post that I had, and I agree with them, you know, is I am such a big fan of Zed and they are doing a lot of things right. But what I will say is they changed the narrative here a little bit because people were upset with the huge price increases last time and they were like, oh, you know, we were kind of tracking more towards the price action of wheat at the time. Well, now they reverted back to USD, so, you know, the narrative is switched a little bit. I don't think it's, in the end, horrible. Right. What would have been really interesting is if they decided to do cheaper prices, which I agree is not probably good for the market. Economics anyways.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, they're kind of stuck between a rock and a hard place there. Right. Like agreed. Do they lower the USD price which could affect the secondary market and what's going on with hopefully upcoming breeding, all of that kind of stuff. So I don't know what the right play is. It's just going to cost you more eth so if you're, I mean, play that strategically, as you will. Right. So, um, lastly here, though, I think, and, and I need some clarification on this because I was kind of confused when I was reading this. Your stable has to be created by today or was it by yesterday?
Speaker C: You had, they always do australian times. So they meant, they meant yesterday.
Speaker A: Okay. So anybody who doesn't already have a stable, you can buy them from me. Sol, that's what you think.
Speaker C: I, and for people, I was messaging some other people and they were like, oh, but people are just going to have multiple stables and buy horses? You know, it's pretty hard, I mean to have we've in all your stables and to check out. I don't even know how checking out works. If you also a good amount stable.
Speaker B: Right. Like that's, that's a lot of money.
Speaker C: It's going to be difficult.
Speaker A: You also have to be really fast. Like you, there's a good chance you're getting email in the same wave if you have a multiple stables at this point because they, they lowered the number of waves. So like you would have to be very quick. Even if you do have multiples, you, you will laughing at that comment. You the, you will have to, I mean, that's going to happen. People have multiple stables. People have a breeding stable. They have a racing stable. And that's not even I don't think is considered frowned upon by Zed. Like lots of people have it. So there are chances that multiple people, that people are going to get multiple horses. I don't think it's as going to be as nefarious as last time as far as, you know, link sharing and people getting 20 horses and all of that kind of stuff. But yeah, so that's the thing. If you, so if you haven't made a stable yet, sounds like you might be sol, but there we, there we are.
Speaker B: Can I give you guys an update on what's happening on this negotiation?
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: I'm going to pull up the.
Speaker A: I would love it if it's just bot offers being made to chamber and he like thinks it's so many, like.
Speaker B: I get so many per day.
Speaker C: I hope it's a USDC offer.
Speaker B: Yeah, 1.7. That's pretty good. So I have this horse here. Can I, can you see that okay.
Speaker A: There originally my horse.
Speaker B: Is that the one? Is that one of yours?
Speaker A: Yeah, it is.
Speaker B: So I'm not going to say who the person is here because just case I want to stay, I don't, I haven't told them I'm talking about it live on the show right now. Um, so I'm not going to, not going to tell you his name, uh, but this person, uh, said, um, I haven't, sorry. I have it listed for 1.75 ethereum. So, um, currently a little higher than market value. If you're going by Zed ranks, that puts us between 1.34 and 1.59 ethereum. I don't know, how accurate are these anyways? Would you guys say? Fairly?
Speaker A: I mean, they're pretty, they're getting better. I think they're as accurate as people want to adopt them to be. Right.
Speaker C: But bunch, you just made the point of all points.
Speaker B: I agree.
Speaker C: Like what the heck is these higher eth prices going to do to the secondary marketplace?
Speaker B: Got to go up, right? It's got to go up.
Speaker C: You would think.
Speaker B: I, I think we were talking about that last week as well with, you know, the downfall of Ethereum price wise. You would hope in most NFT projects you're going to see that that left.
Speaker A: Are we having an Ethereum funeral today? I didn't know that was on the.
Speaker B: Well, not funeral, but I mean, man, if you're buying a theory, I'm at $5,000 or wherever we were, it's not fun for you right now.
Speaker A: You must, you'll love it at 2500.
Speaker B: You'll even value at twice the price. Yeah, so I. He says he was looking off would be .8 ethereum. Is that a hard no at this point? It's a hard yeah, that's what I'm thinking too. Right. What should my best price be on this, realistically?
Speaker C: I think you're at. I just wouldn't sell it right now. I would wait to see how, how tomorrow plays out in the secondary market adjusts. All right, I had some prices listed because I'll be honest with everyone on my strategy is we see a price action drop, post drop. Right? So the horses drop, people want to flip them, they'll take whatever they can get. It instantly drops below the average for the past week. That's just how it works. So I think that's actually a great buying opportunity because what we've seen is over the course. And as unraced, unbred horses get raced, the supply dwindles and the demand goes up and, you know, the price keeps going higher until the next drop. Well, two things. We only have a few more drops left, if that. So if you wanted to buy your unraced, unbred for decent prices, prices, or best probably time to do it, is post drop tomorrow, like within 24 hours, because that's when prices will be cheapest. And then we'll just slowly continue to climb until the next drop, and then it'll drop off and, and continue to build. So, you know, I think it'll be interesting. Now what we'll, I don't want to get into too much economic theory, but because the dispersion of these horses should be better this time. Right. The distribution of the horses per stable should be better. Right. I wonder if people will be as willing to sell. It's very easy to sell a horse if you got six in the drop, harder to sell if you just got one. So I don't know.
Speaker B: Well, that's a good point. I think he's, this gentleman might be listening because he just said, thought I ping.
Speaker A: He just said, f you.
Speaker B: Thought I'd ping you. Since on the discord, he possibly wanted to get a deal done before the drop. So I think he's thinking the same thing. Dealing before the drop means he's trying to take advantage of my pricing.
Speaker A: Well, no, I think your drop, pre drop price should be higher. I think.
Speaker B: I agree. Yeah. No, but I think he's trying to take advantage of pre drop pricing because I think what you might see tomorrow after the drop is a lot of those prices go up. Like you were saying, des. Right. So even on the secondary market, I might be going back.
Speaker A: They go down first. Before that, you got to get up to get down.
Speaker C: And honestly, just leading up to this drop, people are panicking, oh, wow, my horse is going to be worth less after all those horses drop. So they're even dropping prices. So it's this weird thing where it's actually the peak is not right before the drop.
Speaker A: Shot undercutter.
Speaker C: Yeah, exactly. Is not right before a drop. It's actually a few days. Few, maybe a week before, probably a week prior.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Because then people start panicking and saying, oh, gosh, my .3 horse worth 0.12 after the drop, so let me sell it now. And then they can buy back lower. It's, it's incredible. I, you know, for, for shits and gigs, I wish I got an economics degree. So I could understand some of this price price action movement.
Speaker A: I got an economic minor. I got a minor in Econ, and I still don't know what I'm talking about. So it's totally fine. Fine.
Speaker B: Are we still thinking whether it's going to be a dip? So, for example, if a z ten or maybe not z ten, we'll say, like, a z six is going for point or not, say, one eth tomorrow. Okay. And last, last drop, it was going for 0.7 east. Wouldn't the secondary market price rise after tomorrow, after seeing what. You know what I mean, what that same horse would go for?
Speaker C: All right, so let's talk specifics. Right. The z ten, I think, is 0.03. It was last drop .03 was 0.03.
Speaker B: The ten might not be as much.
Speaker C: Right. It's only going to be 0.031,332. Whatever. Right now, the floor, I believe, is, like, 0.35 on an unraced, unbred z ten. Maybe it's, like, a little bit lower than that point. Let's call it, .35 for argument's sake. I think that because there's still that huge gap between 0.03 whatever and point, you know, 35, I think you're going to see a price dip. I think you're going to see probably somewhere around, like, 0.18.2 people.
Speaker A: There's going to be plenty of stables out there that buy horses tomorrow that are nothing looking to hold long term. They're looking to participate in the drop in which supply is less than the demand. There's still going to be people looking for horses after the drop. And then what will happen is, you know, that original secondary market will come out. Maybe it starts at, .3 and then it's going to be undercut, undercut, undercut. So I can get more of my horse, and then it bounces back up and then slowly rises till the next drop. Or, you know, last time, maybe. Or maybe after the last drop, that goes away forever. But I think that's what you'll see. It's like undercutter, undercutter, undercutter. Supply dries up and then back up right where. And it's just like Des was saying, if there's more dispersion this time, you're going to see, you may not see as drastic of a dip. You probably still see some, but it's not going to be as drastic because there won't be as many people who got ten plus horses that are willing to cut for, you know, that's a good two x profit. As opposed to ten x profit. Right. So, like. And then you're going to have some of those people are buying because it's their first horse and they're not going to sell at all. Right. So it tomorrow's will be interesting, but definitely that's what we've seen in the past. So let's, let's hit a couple of these comments here. Let's go with Byron. He's got a comment here about breeding. So they did say, they did originally give us a timeframe, which I think was actually this week, but it seems like everything was pushed back one week. So, des, are you still anticipating that we might see breeding towards the end of next week?
Speaker C: I can't remember where it was shared, but somewhere they shared that a breeding will open up a week following the.
Speaker A: Yeah. And originally the dates were just last week and this week. And so I think you'll see this week potentially next week for breeding, which is very exciting. Very, very, so needed. So, no, I can't, I can't wait. I'm pumped. We didn't even talk about the, on the show, the fact that I am now a power stable, so.
Speaker B: Oh, right. That's a good point.
Speaker A: We did not even talk about it, so we're coming for it. I made my first leaderboard, which was really fun. That was, that was awesome. So can you talk about.
Speaker B: Can you, can you elaborate a little bit for.
Speaker A: Yeah, so my brother, my brother had a stable, him and his wife, a.
Speaker B: Pretty, a pretty reputable one, too.
Speaker A: Yeah. High horse stables, they were, they have.
Speaker B: Shout out high horse race.
Speaker A: They've had some really nice racers. I had about 20 horses of my own. And then zook from the pony plug, shout out pony Plug was looking for a partner because he wanted, you know, a partner that could kind of run the day to day operations. And so we all merged our three stables together, and we have formed a powerhouse under high horse stables, and we have a, you know, even split of all of our profits, and we're kind of managing the day to day. And, you know, it's, it's a pretty cool.
Speaker B: Is that a pretty, um, is that a pretty normal thing that happens?
Speaker A: I think you're going to start seeing it more and more because.
Speaker B: But I haven't heard much of that happening so far. That's the. This is the bigger. This is definitely one of the ones.
Speaker A: First ones, maybe we're the biggest one so far. That'd be nice.
Speaker B: And you're the only person I talked to, really, so.
Speaker A: So I don't know, but I wouldn't know about it. Yeah, it's fun because Zook had some real beasts, like he had dank and burger kill and silly Samwise, and he had some real monsters in his stable that he just wasn't able to race. So we've been burning up the tracks lately. I keep getting race notifications while we're recording, so. But, yeah, so I think, anyway, breeding. Breeding, I think will come next week. There's another one here from colt on the comment here.
Speaker B: Eagle. Is that a real name?
Speaker A: I don't know. Either that or he's a horse.
Speaker B: That could be.
Speaker A: I don't know. If I miss out on the drop, should I wait until after the drop? I think. I think he's asking if. If it's kind of a good play to buy after the drop. I think, des, you would say the answer would be probably yes. I would say, you know, according to this, maybe immediately following the drop.
Speaker C: What I will say is, depends on what you want. If you want entry into Zed, you don't have a horse. You're looking for a cheaper horse. Please wait a week. It's going to be so easy to get a cheap horse on the secondary market that is bred next week versus buying a secondary market, brand new echo drop horse. So it depends on what you want. If you are looking for unraised, unbred genesis horses, yeah, I would say the perfect time is like three to 24 hours. Post drop is your best time to snipe it tomorrow. But if you're just looking for a brand new horse, trying to get entry into this, please, just please, please have the patience to wait a week because you're going to save yourself a lot of wheat buying up cheaper bred horses next week.
Speaker A: All right, one more topic I want to get to before we move on from Zedong. Tips and tricks. So we've seen some things work in multiple drops. So if this is your first drop to somebody who's just going after their first drop, or maybe somebody who participated in the last drop and didn't have any luck, what are your top couple tips for success in this drop?
Speaker C: Sure, make sure. I mean, this is obvious, number one, but make sure your weakness balance is where you want it to be. Shout out to my brother, but he got left in a bad place last time because he got like a z six right off the bat and then just didn't have enough we to buy other horses. And so, you know, just make sure you have enough. We've. I guess. Wait, hold up. That's not going to be a problem this time, because you can only get one horse.
Speaker A: Make sure you have you hit the cool down period. And there's still stuff available, like, you know, you never know.
Speaker C: Make sure you have enough wheat to cover your horse. Um, and then some, I would say, is probably my recommendation. But, uh, yeah, make sure you have. We loaded up. Not eth. Make sure it's we. It should be very easy to tell in the, the Zed run, um, kind of wallet in there.
Speaker B: Yeah, and do that. That's a good point. To do the transfer of Eth to Eth on the Zed run website.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Like, do it now, but do it. Don't wait till an hour before the drop. Do it, like, tonight. So do that. Second thing is make sure, and this is such a funny one, but make sure that your metamask is logged in. Like, for sure. Open up that chrome extension. Type in your password. Make sure it's, like, ready to go, ready connected, so that you don't have to type in your password and your metamask as you're trying to check out. Just a simple one. Next thing. Now we're actually getting into really valuable tips. I will just speak from the last drop experience, but the key to finding horses quick and getting them to load, because what happens is you go into the site, that's your wave, it loads, and you see gray horses, gray horses after gray horses, just populating, kind of waiting horses.
Speaker A: And just because they're gray for you does not mean they're gray for everybody else. So they're being bought. They're being bought while they're loading into your screen.
Speaker C: Exactly. So what you need to do, based on what I'm gonna do myself last time, it was incredibly valuable. If you did the filters. There's like a filters, and what it allows you to choose is, like jet, or it allows you to choose bloodline. Bloodline, color, colors, gender, things like that. The best way to get a horse last time was to filter for a single color. I was just picking at random. I just picked, you know, whatever color it was. I clicked one color. And basically the methodology there is, it's trying to load so many horses onto your page. All of the horses, right? So if you narrow it down to looking for just a smaller subset of horses, say, by a coat color, then it's going to load faster. And I found that to be true last time.
Speaker A: So that strategy is valuable, especially if you're a. I think it works for low end. If you're looking for a z ten, the only way it won't work is if there are some reason no z ten s in that color that you filter for. Right. Because the other thing too is, is when you do that and your results come up, it's auto sorts by the cheapest, the lowest cost. So as soon as you click a color and it loads, you're going to be seeing tens of yden or nines if there is no ten of that color, or eight if there is no nine, eight or nine or nine or ten of that color. So just keep that in mind. If you, and if you really have a z number in mind, just keep in mind if you do the color thing, that's how it's going to auto sort. So, you know, if you are really picky about what z number you're looking for, maybe filter by that, but you're still going to take, you know, more time than, because you're going to be loading more horses. But who knows? That might not be the case this time. Maybe it'll be fixed. But that's what worked last time. Anything else there?
Speaker C: No, because they're continuing the same drop mechanics of the waves. So I have high confidence that that would still work. I don't think they randomly just fixed their loading problem. It's not their problem. It's just the fact of trying to load that many token ids into, you know, a live website. It just, it takes time. So if you, if you want to do that, I would. I would do both. Like Nyjetlife just said, I would actually do both. Because think about it, as we said earlier, they're going to be more horses per wave, right? Say there were 700 per wave. Well, now they're 2200 per wave. So it's going to even be harder to load. So I would, you know, if you have a z eight in mind, then freaking click z eight and color and go for it.
Speaker B: Another good point, too, which may help people. I don't know if you mentioned it earlier, is know what the, what the coats are like if you, if maybe if you want a rare coat or a super rare, like, know what they are. So if you are going to be specific, you may as well be specific with a rare coat and try and.
Speaker A: Get one of those because that worked for me, too. After I'm a couple second snags. I was able to do that. But yeah, no, I think that's a really great point. Like, honestly. So I put out a tweet today and it was like in one of my, it was like in a thread and literally nobody saw the second tweet. So I'm going to probably put it back out by itself. But the biggest thing I said was have a plan. Right? Like have a plan. Decide right now what you want, what your budget allows, and then knowing that filter trick, execute that plan based on that. Right. That's what I would. That's what I would recommend. Cool. So let's move on. We just talked a ton about the Zedrop. It deserves it.
Speaker C: It deserves it.
Speaker A: I mean, it does. It's probably the most exciting thing going on. There's a lot of other exciting things. So one thing I do want to say, we wanted to touch on bored apes just because it's the. In the last week we've seen the board ape prices go ape shit. Really?
Speaker B: Like how are they today?
Speaker A: The floors dipped a little, so it's kind of went boom. And then come back. There's a little retrace. It's going to hit that median line and then hopefully continue back upwards. But you never know. Like there's a lot of board apes that are Zed holders. Maybe they're looking for some liquidity for the drop. No joke. And. But yeah. So the price action on apes went crazy. We saw, we saw three NBA players buy apes this week, which is just nuts.
Speaker B: Signal. That's a signal.
Speaker A: Lamello ball. Lamello Ball comes in and buys an ape. And then, which was kind of an interesting one because the other two guys have been into top shot and I stuff like in a big way. So.
Speaker B: Yeah, Lamella wasn't in shop.
Speaker A: Right, right. But so Tyrese Halliburton came in.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Bought. And then Josh Hart, which I called, by the way, all day.
Speaker C: You did. That was a great call. But I'll be honest, the lamella thing, total marketing play, you know.
Speaker A: Oh, probably.
Speaker C: It was genius. It was. Happened to be right as he launched his own NFT project and wanted to get really the entire community on his side. Probably a marketing play. That was good. I bought a lamello NFT form. But yeah, no, I mean, it's, I'll be honest, I don't know. Chamber, bunch of which you just said it. But you know, I think bored apes and Zed community runs deep and I think they are clearing a little bit of liquidity for tomorrow. So you best believe that there could be a major increase after people don't get the horses they want. They don't get as many horses as they want. And that EtH all of a sudden goes back into bored apes. Just saying.
Speaker A: Yes. So I did want to. I'm glad you noticed that. Because there was another piece that I do want to mention. So what another cool thing that's going on right now is Josh Ong has created the bored Ape jockey club. So if you're not, if you're not familiar and you have a bored ape, there is a, there is a group of apes and zetters that are, you know, hanging out together on discord. And the bored Ape Jockey Club has, they're launching today the start of tournament zero. So they're actually put together a bracket tournament in which you can, it's head to head with your horse and somebody else's bracket style. Very cool. So that kicks off today. So you'll probably be seeing some stuff on that. On Twitter. There's an NFT trophy for the winner. It's, it's pretty cool. But I wanted to bring that up because I think the, the tie, as you said, even Des, is between board apes and jockeys. There's a lot of crossover or. Yeah, there's a lot of crossover between the two projects. So another cool thing that's going on if you're a member of both of these NFT community.
Speaker C: It's so funny. I'm such a Josh on fan girl. It's unbelievable. I mean, I owe him.
Speaker A: I think we all are. We actually should have him on.
Speaker C: Unbelievable. We definitely should have him on. Yeah, I owe him for the board, ape success and minting all those. And he's just been great in the.
Speaker A: Zed community, hosting all those Twitter spaces I bought.
Speaker C: See, randomly. That's the only one I didn't ape into.
Speaker B: So I got the one I did the best on.
Speaker A: I'm glad you did. I made money on it, too. I just, I'm a little disappointed. But by the way, I don't think that was on our agenda. But we got a full rug pull from Apimon like devs.
Speaker B: I heard it was okay. Again, I heard rumbling.
Speaker A: I don't think so. I think it's like, fully handed over to the community now and like, oh, maybe that's what they're reviving the project. So I was gonna say before we.
Speaker B: Move, move on to, you know, you guys are what I like to call community members.
Speaker A: Yes, I'm a hashtag community member, you know.
Speaker B: Absolutely. And, you know, all the power to you. But some of our listeners and viewers may not be. So I just kind of wanted to touch on maybe some of the techniques I use not to get, you know, hurt because, you know, full disclosure.
Speaker A: Great topic. Let's do it.
Speaker B: Full disclosure. I am not an owner of a bored ape anymore. I am not.
Speaker A: I was gonna say you can't go to the club.
Speaker B: I can't go to the, to the yacht parties anymore unless I pay up. You know, who knows? Down the road, maybe I will have to.
Speaker A: Again, you could probably buy the dip on them right now.
Speaker B: But, you know, that's a good, that's a good point. But for those of you who are, you know, maybe again, Joe mentioned trying to get liquidity for another, for another project. If you're, if there's another drop coming up or you're just like, okay, well, I bought this with the intent to, you know, make more money than, you know, buy it from or sell it for more than I bought it for. When you see, and I get, and I did it yesterday when I saw Josh Hart and Tyler Halliburton and Lamella ball all buying, I'm like, okay, it's going out. I saw the floor go up. I'm like, this is, it's textbook. It doesn't shock me that today we see a little bit of a dip because it was peaking over the last few days. So when you see those things on Twitter or on social media, use that as kind of an indicator to say, hey, maybe this is the time to part ways. Don't get too greedy because sometimes you'll get. It'll hurt you in the long run.
Speaker A: So I hate my collector's mindset and, like, I'm a hoarder, and it really.
Speaker B: I think the majority of the people are on your side, but just in case.
Speaker A: No, but I. It's the right move, right? Like, I have multiple apes. I could have sold one of mine and probably should have in that run up, bought a dip back. Like, that's how you. That's effective trading of it. Right? Like, and I think you're right. Like, most of our goals is eventually for all this stuff to be worth more than what it is. And in order for that to actually happen, you need to sell it at some point, right? So.
Speaker B: And it took me many years of pain to learn, right, because community lesson.
Speaker A: Community member in the NFT space is synonymous with bag holder in the crypto.
Speaker B: Correct. And I've been a bag holder many a time. Many a time. So just a little. Some free alpha for any of those people looking to make a, you know, make some money on their investments.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I think. I think Des is pretty good at that, too.
Speaker C: I mean, I'm.
Speaker A: Des is like, here for the, as well. So here's the difference, though. Des is, like, jumping into a crypto chart and trading the 1 minute chart chamber. You're trading, like, the weekly. Des goes into these drops and is flipping stuff in, like, small 15 minutes periods sometimes.
Speaker C: Well, it's just crazy to pass up on free money. I mean, that's like, that's like a proven fact that people undervalue. I mean, hey, don't get me started. I hate gutter cats, but, I mean, I did it out of principle, but best believe I knew there was money to be made when there was so much fud and it was going down hard right after the drop.
Speaker A: And then that's our next topic. So let's get into it. Des has. So yesterday was supposed to be a pretty big release day. You know, the gutter cats were going to be released. The yetis were released. Kind of had some gutter cats, had some hype. They. So there. I want to be careful about the gutter cats because yesterday, I think the drop was a disaster, which is not. I don't think it's surprised for me to say. I think most people would feel that way.
Speaker B: What was the disaster for? Maybe people that don't know.
Speaker A: Well, so, like, I think the reason it was a disaster, well, it's because they had good intentions. Right. The week before, it was supposed to. It was supposed to launch the week before last week, and it was supposed to launch last week. And the way they were going to do it was essentially release all of them on Opensea and not have kind of, like, the generative, random minting. Right. And then the community said, if this is how it's going to be, probably going to pass, and they decided they were going to make the change. They were going to, you know, listen to the community, go back and kind of do it how, you know, people obviously, like, in the space, like they did with the bored apes and all these other things. And then what happened was, I think, in a week, they couldn't get their contract tight and. Right. And people started minting it an hour before the drop was supposed to happen. And then there was, you know, things where multiple owners were showing and all kinds of crazy stuff, and then, you know, lots of fun came out. And then now almost like a phoenix from the ashes. So I want Des to go on his gutter cats rant. What's your opinion here?
Speaker C: An emotional journey, for sure. So I saw gutter cats, and I was like, I was pretty excited because it looked like it had been done right. It had, like, had some lore, had some story behind it, you know, there's no question. I mean, it's, it's very close to bored apes. And I think you're going to see a lot of that going forward. And I'm not saying that's necessarily a bad thing, but, you know, people are upset about that a little bit. But, you know, anyways, it's a different product. People say the art similar. I think it's kind of different. But anyways, I had a lot of high expectations for it. I saw that they were doing it right. They had a website, it was built well, it looked nice, looked clean. I was ready for the drop last week and then, you know, they said they were going to just do it, what I now call a camel drop, which is just release them all in Opensea.
Speaker A: Is that what we're calling those now?
Speaker C: I like camel drop. So they were going to do that and people were like, no, I'm out. And so I respected the fact that they were like, okay, we're not going to do it that way. We'll take the time, we'll get the contract right. We'll do it a week from now, which I thought was ambitious because it's hard to sure up a smart contract like that in a week. But, you know, I gave them benefit of the doubt. I thought that was awesome, that they took the time to do do it. And they were all set to go to launch at 04:20 p.m. eastern yesterday. They had announced it everywhere. And about 40 minutes before, about an hour before, they realized that someone had interacted with their contract earlier than the countdown timer and had minted a couple of the cats, the gutter cats. So in that moment of, oh, panic, they have to make a decision on what to do, right? And so their options are either to just go as planned. Hopefully that source won't mint a ton more cats or release them. All right, now open up the website and release it all. They chose the latter, tried to communicate it as best they could, but for a lot of people that were waiting for that 420 launch, you know, they got shut out because they had launched it 40 minutes prior.
Speaker A: Not only that though, too, I read that there was not a like proper counter function. And somebody in the chat mentioned that they lost a ton of gas because even when they were sold out, their gas was still getting used.
Speaker C: I mean, I knew better. So I popped on the thing actually pretty quickly, like five minutes actually after it launched the early drop and I couldn't get it. But I saw the counter at like 290 something sold out of 3000. I was like, it's a gas war. Right now there's no point in just trying to mint those last nine. But a lot of people didn't and they thought, oh my gosh, there's nine left. Let me expedite my gas and maybe I'll get one. And that resulted in a lot of money loss yesterday.
Speaker A: Interesting. So then I.
Speaker B: The, by the way, quick thank you to trader bean. Just bought five super yetis. Thank you. Not, not done yet. So if you are looking to get a yeti. Sorry, wrong one. I want to press the right way.
Speaker A: Just pump your own bag in there. Super easy. I like trader beans. I like trader beans. Logo.
Speaker B: Huge. That's nice. I like that.
Speaker A: Wait, you just bought five yetis?
Speaker B: Just about five yetis.
Speaker A: Oh, wow. On the show.
Speaker B: You just bought five on the show. Thank you.
Speaker C: You.
Speaker A: Can we see them?
Speaker B: I'm just trying to pull them up as we speak, so.
Speaker A: Oh, actually I heard that the yetis don't show up for like a week, which was what people were upset about with the yetis.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker B: I'm in now. Give me that. Fun.
Speaker A: All right. But then. Okay, so then gutter cats came out and, you know, one of the things that we saw yesterday with gutter cats and I think this is an interesting topic is some of the very big names in the NFT space were pretty heavily fudding the project right after all this happened and, you know, talking about like pranksy and Lupify and all those guys, right, the NFT ogs, if you will. And I think this is interesting because you kind of have two sides of it. One, I don't think they're totally wrong, right? Like there was obviously issues with this drop. But two, you know, in fairness, it also appears that sometimes these guys can't get in on a drop where they own the majority share of these releases and all of a sudden it's not a good project. So I think that is a debate that happens. I mean, Franks, he had 900 or 1200 board apes, right? Like so, you know, do you have that many? Yeah, so of course it's a great project, right? Like, so it's, it's a chicken and the egg scenario, right? Like does he have 1200 because it's a great project or is it a great project because it's. He's got 1200? You know, both the duality of man, obviously huge influence. So, you know, take that as you will. But I think, you know, take all that stuff with a grain of salt. When you see some of these influencers out there talking about, you know, whether it's a good project or a bad project. I think we should probably do a show on what makes a good project or what is, you know, a good way to do research on these. But anyway, des, do you have an opinion on that? I'd be interested.
Speaker C: No. I think, you know, as a person who was really disappointed out of the gate of how it ended up yesterday, you know, I have to be honest with myself and say, yes, there's a part of me that's mad because I didn't get in. I still think I'm upset about how it was gone about, but they had good intentions, right? If they had bad intentions they would have just released it last week, the camel drop style. So I was trying to think of myself like, I can't cast stones unless I have a better response to what you would do in that moment if you dropped an NFT project. People had been minting early, like what would I have done? And I really was, you know, came to the conclusion which, you know, I don't know what I would have done. I might have just waited it out and seen how much that, you know, nefarious person was minting or just, I don't know, monitored it. But you know, it's, it's one of those things where this is a learning process for everyone. A lot of people are trying to get into this space, myself included. And so this is just another thing that, you know, you have to learn from. Take away and do better next time. So for those who got cats, congrats, they are worth a ton of eth now and yeah, so what did they.
Speaker A: What is the price, dude? So you could have go, went and grabbed them pretty cheap last night after they came out and now I think.
Speaker C: The floor is like 0.30.10 was the FuD drop. I think, I think I saw a couple last get posted for .08 but those were gobbled up within seconds. You could actually legit buy a 0.1 for a very long time last really yesterday after the drop. Now I think the floor is like 25. I think some of that. So an original investment was zero seven. So quite a decent come up. There's also only 3000 of them. This is the smallest minted big NFT project we've seen go out like this. Right? Bonsais was 888 or 8888. Board apes was 10,000. This was 3000. It was incredibly small for the demand so there's that to take into account as well.
Speaker A: Good comment here by CC that I think is important. The problem is the contract exploit has happened a lot are these projects not paying attention to others mistakes. And I think this is a really good point because, and I think there's twofold here, right. When you're, a lot of these projects are anonymous founders or developers, right. And a lot of them are just dudes trying to, you know what I mean? Which I don't think is a bad thing, but you just have to make sure that you're doing due diligence on what it is you're actually buying. It's a little more like in crypto. There's a lot of, there's a lot of scams, but it's like you can tell if a project is legit. You could tell if the contract is legit, all that stuff. Right. I think it's a little more difficult in the NFT space just because I think it's a lot, you're dealing with a lot less technical people sometimes as well. So I think that's interesting. You should definitely. What are your thoughts on that, des? I mean, let's, can we, can we talk about it a little here? Because, I mean, you're, you announced, you came on Twitter last night and we're pissed at the gutter cats. And you're like, all right, I'm putting my foot down here. I am doing a project.
Speaker C: Well, I just, it was more so. The fact, not that, you know, I don't know, it just motivated me because what I've been doing is I've been trying to get this NfT project going on for a while now, and I've been trying to do it the right way. You know, go through the actual contract development portion and make sure it works just how like it should work and make sure it's a verified contract, make sure it's kept anonymous, all that stuff. And it's hard, I'll be honest, it's so much harder than I initially planned. And so, you know, I respect anyone who tries to go and do it, but I was kind of getting disappointed just from how long it was taking and all these other projects coming to market sooner. But yesterday was like, nope, I'm going to keep doing it. I'm going to do it the right way. I'm going to make sure this launches.
Speaker A: So what's the hardest part?
Speaker C: Oh, it's 100% the development of the contract and testing of it. I mean, it's not even close. Getting the art, making it generative, no problem. That that can be done pretty quickly. It's the contract and making sure it's secure and works properly.
Speaker A: So what are the proper steps other projects should be taking to ensure that that part is done right?
Speaker C: Well, what I will kind of let you guys know is I am fully testing my contract with a completely just crap NFT project. So I'm releasing an entire NFT project just to test the contract prior to the release of mine. That's what I decided. So I'm doing a complete project. No one will ever know about that. I will just be able to go on mint a few. And no, I'm not telling anyone. I'm not telling anyone. It's going to be. I don't know, it's going to be just pixels. Well, that she's worth something these days, so I don't know, it'll be something just not worth anything. And I'm going to test the entire drop prior to actually what I want to drop. That's my whole theory.
Speaker A: Cool.
Speaker B: Good idea.
Speaker A: Chris Jordan says, how do we get in on a des presale?
Speaker C: Nice. Nice.
Speaker B: We got to give a quick shout out. We brought him up earlier Cc out of on the, on our watching through YouTube. His first comment, though, I mean, right from my heart.
Speaker C: You already brought it up.
Speaker A: Did I already?
Speaker B: That was an accidental one. I want to give him the proper kudos. What a beautiful thing to say. Thank you very much. That made my day.
Speaker A: Somebody else put up, I think it was, might have been nyjetlife about the teddy bears. Did you guys see the teddy bears?
Speaker B: Yeah. I'll bring it up here.
Speaker C: Oh, if I think it's what it is. Those are sick because Ben posted about those.
Speaker A: So my brother called me at 10:00 last night and he to tell me, hey, go buy a teddy bear. And by the time I got, by the time I even went to look, it had ten x and like the lowest one was 0.10.11. But like, this was a surprise one too, where there was only 200 of them. And they went and like I saw a tweet from the person who put it out and they said, you know, they went to bed and only eight had been sold and they woke up and they were gone and secondary sales already and all that kind of stuff. So that was an interesting one. Chamber. If you have opensea, I think it's nft Theo or nfteo like at Teddy bear to.
Speaker C: Yeah. What I will say is that the number of how many NFTs a project is, is so critical because my theory on is it needs to be enough to where you can get a large enough community involved. So what will be a very interesting thing is to see if the gutter cat community, which can be a max of 3000 more likely to be around 1000 if that's a big enough community to start creating community content. Because that's what I mean at the end of the day. Bored apes look.
Speaker A: That's what bored apes is.
Speaker C: They're great but it's the community. It's the community that backs it. Creating derivatives, creating projects off it. That's what's driving it.
Speaker A: And that's why it's so big is there's 4000 holders. You know it's crazy. Yeah these are them.
Speaker C: Those are sicken. I don't know but I was selling those for. .01 I think they're going to do.
Speaker A: Multiple drops of these is what I heard.
Speaker B: I see.
Speaker A: I'm not 100% but those are pretty cool right?
Speaker B: Very nice.
Speaker A: Yeah. Ny NyJetlife agrees with you there des, about the community.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: I think that's such a huge project part because you know like it or not, community members chamber is what drives these NFT projects.
Speaker B: Totally. Absolutely.
Speaker A: You know they're just Ponzi schemes. I'm kidding. Wait, what's that one?
Speaker B: You don't. I think. I think it's just telling you you don't know what you're getting yet.
Speaker A: Are we, are we. Are you giving one of those away?
Speaker B: Are you giving us paid point one for these things? I don't know what that is in real dollars but I feel like it's more than I should be giving away today.
Speaker A: So I think you know what's interesting about.
Speaker C: Give me the link right now. Give me it one more time.
Speaker B: It is uh. 1 second. What did I say? It's.
Speaker A: You're aping now too?
Speaker C: Why not? They look pretty cool.
Speaker B: It is Yeti link. Here we go. Super yeti co. So for the giveaway it'll probably be down, down in down in the nether regions of. Oh.
Speaker A: How about your bonsais?
Speaker B: Bonsais? I've sold most of them. I still have this guy.
Speaker A: How many did you mint? 1010.
Speaker B: I gave one away.
Speaker A: You went bonsai right? I decided I was gonna go hit golf balls with my dad. And miss the bonds I drop?
Speaker C: I thought you didn't miss much for now.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker C: You might be crying in a month's time but you didn't miss much for now. So. But I did go pretty hard on Bonsai's. I still like it just because it's different.
Speaker B: They are nice.
Speaker A: I love the AR piece. That was fun.
Speaker B: So we'll probably give away kind of one of these guys. Or, you know, maybe. Maybe a tiny box or a hash rune or a bit bong. I think. I think that's reasonable. So you can have a bit bong, a hash rune, a tiny box, or a crypto dunk.
Speaker A: There's some good options there for your NFT graveyard. All right, we got a couple comments here. Go to. Go to Thor's.
Speaker B: Thor. There we are.
Speaker A: So chamber, you're saying, you know, based on your woman, while we're talking about bored apes, your sentiment is that bored apes was at a short term top. And I feel like it's going to reignite post zed run tomorrow. What do you think? You think it has the potential to keep going after? And is that why you like. What's your strategy there? Will you buy back a board for me specifically?
Speaker B: Probably not. Um, I mean, unless. I don't know, uh, unless there's something I'm not. I'm. You know, there's wonderful things. I don't want to. I don't want to shit on anybody's plan, but there's wonderful things happening with, you know, Bordeaux yacht club. It's definitely the coolest project, has the best community. I am not denying any of those things, but at the same time, it's just my plays is always going to be my priority, is always the next thing. So when we were talking about the bonsai trees, like, a couple of minutes ago, and Des mentioned you didn't miss anything, or maybe you'll miss something a month from now, but in the short term, that first night, maybe that second day, it was hot. Like, it was a hot. It was a hot topic. And I sold a bunch of them. I bought ten, sold a bunch of them. And maybe I'll keep one, maybe I'll keep two. But my play is to buy or try to get in on something as quickly as possible and sell with, you know, into the hype. And if people like the project and that's something they want to hold long term, that's who I'm going to be selling to. Let's realistically, what is. I don't.
Speaker A: I don't think there's anything wrong with that. Like, you're, the end goal for these is, like I said, to be worth more money than you paid. So if you can do that and cash in, then you then go for it. I think there's some exceptions to that rule, right? Like, I think personally, you know, 90% of these NFT projects that are releasing right now probably won't be worth a their weight in a year or two, but I think there's some super heavy exceptions to that rule. I think Zed is one of them. I think bored apes is one of them. I think, you know, I think anything.
Speaker B: Crypto punks, anything related to crypto, I.
Speaker A: Was gonna say I think punk's comic could be one of them. And I think, I think, I think.
Speaker B: Super Yeti is gonna be one.
Speaker A: I don't know, probably nothing, but. So, like, and then I think top shot is going to be one of those. That's long, long term. However, with top shot, that doesn't mean your top shot could be around forever. That doesn't mean your moments are going to be worth.
Speaker B: That's a bit, that's a, that's a good point.
Speaker A: Because there's going to be worth million there's going to be millions of moments because as dead Des said before, supply matters. And if there's not enough whales trying to buy up big supply or, sorry, low supply, high dollar items, you know, your top shot that you bought in February may never be worth that again, unfortunately. So, you know, but I think, you know, those kind of projects have super long term viability and they're all kind of fit in this. They're all kind of different categories on why I think that. Right, so, but, you know, I don't see anything wrong with flipping. That's why I typically buy more than one. Right? Like, so I don't feel bad. I could either make my money or break even and then hold long term for the ones I.
Speaker B: And for the record, for board ape specifically, I missed it. We talked about it a couple shows back. I bought one on the secondary market at a good value. So I only had one to play with. And unfortunately, you know, I think I bought, and I'll be, I'll be honest, like, I bought it for point 41 ethereum and I sold.
Speaker A: It was such a good buy for.
Speaker B: I sold it for three and a half ethereum. I would definitely still have one.
Speaker A: Yeah, you rushed that one.
Speaker B: So it's just, it's just the fact that I had, had, I got in the drop and bought ten of them 100%. I was, you always keep some. Like if to me again, the moon bag, you always keep a couple in the pocket.
Speaker C: I probably didn't get that balance right because I minted around 40 and I think I sold, you know, it's hard to imagine what, what that would be worth today, to be honest.
Speaker B: It's better not to think about it. I've done that.
Speaker C: But, you know, I mean, you made.
Speaker A: Some good money on yours. Don't, like. It's fine.
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't lose sleep over it. I probably should, but, you know, I made a little money. I kept a bunch. Kept. I still have a bunch. And so, you know, it is what it is.
Speaker A: Bring up Thor's other comment here. I think this is an interesting one. Do you feel some old OG NFTs are worth looking at? Like mooncats or curio cards? They seem cheap for their historic claim. What do you think, Des? Shaking your head.
Speaker C: I am not a fan of curio cards, but that comes from an aesthetic standpoint. The. The history behind it is good. Mooncats, man, I was. That was probably the maddest I've ever been because I was, like, calling friends. I was calling friends and being like, you know what? This. This sucks, because I heard about it and was like, oh, I'll go to bed. I'll rescue some mooncats tomorrow. Oh, it's. It seems hard. I don't really understand how to do it or interact with contract and then sold out every single one. Sold. Selling for an ethnic. When I just.
Speaker A: They've come back down, obviously, a lot, obviously.
Speaker C: But they're trying to resurrect it with, like, community content and add ons, which I wish them nothing but success. I do think, though, we are generally shifting away from, like, super pixelated generated art to now things like board apes, so.
Speaker A: Yeah, but just from the historical standpoint and the story behind mooncats, I think that could hold, you know, some water. Right?
Speaker C: Like, I mean, look at it. It still is, you know, even though.
Speaker A: So I think that one could last. I I, you know, in fact, like, one day I'll pull.
Speaker B: One day I'll pull up my old pepe Dap cards, man.
Speaker A: I don't even know how to. How to access those. I've been trying to figure it out, and I have so many of those. Like, those are things that chamber and I were buying nfts of in 2018, I think. Yeah, 2018, which is crazy.
Speaker C: And you guys are. You guys didn't think like, oh, crypto punks, let's do it.
Speaker A: No. What happened with the Pepe dumps? Pepe, that burned us like, it was. They basically. They basically rugged because they basically rugged. And we were left with holding the bag, and I was like, f this, wanted to do it again. And obviously, I've changed my tune, but anyway, what else do we got? We have any more comments here?
Speaker B: We got some more coming in. Cece wants to talk. You guys remember Chubby's?
Speaker C: Yes. I was Chubby's fan.
Speaker A: Wasn't Gary Vee involved in the chubby type again?
Speaker C: I feel kind of bad for those creators, too. It's like a husband and wife that just.
Speaker B: Oh, really?
Speaker C: Yes. But they were getting, like, death threats because someone was able to access their address, their actual physical address, and they were getting like, death threats sent to them and stuff because they were being accused of rugging their community and just like, releasing them and not doing much after. And, yeah, it's kind of the bad, bad side.
Speaker B: That's why I do nothing with my wife. It's a good rule. Don't do anything with your spouse.
Speaker A: Yetihe. Yeti's used your likeness. Chubby's took my. That's the story here.
Speaker B: And they're making a descoin.
Speaker A: Yeah. There you go. Cool, man. So chamber, you want to get to this giveaway here. So first of all, we appreciate all of the comments. This is fun. I love doing live shows because I love getting the comments and, you know.
Speaker B: It makes content easier.
Speaker A: Yeah, I was just gonna say it makes our job easier.
Speaker B: Way better.
Speaker A: Way better. It's so much more fun. It's a chat.
Speaker B: All right, so I have a website here that I use for these types of things. I'm pulling it up as we speak. It is app sorteous is the website I use. So I've plugged in the, I've plugged in the tweet itself. So I'm going to start it now. And what it should do is give me an option for. So these are all the participants with twelve. We're going to shuffle them.
Speaker A: Who wins, who's there?
Speaker B: We want to do, we'll do, we'll do two substitutes.
Speaker A: Okay, so we're going to get a winner and two subs.
Speaker B: Yeah. Winner and two subst.
Speaker C: Podcaster or craft.
Speaker B: Yeah. Correct. Actually, let's do three subside. All right. So confirm that.
Speaker A: Yeah, actually I retweeted it too, so 5432 and one. Yeah, there you go. Adam.
Speaker C: Smooth.
Speaker A: Adam. Smooth looking. What a wonderful looking ape there.
Speaker C: Yeah, he's gone on a safari.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So if we, for whatever reason, can't get ahold of Adam, Matt Godfrey is the runner up there, so. But I'm sure Adam will be able to get in touch. So I'll reach out to him after the show and you'll have your selection.
Speaker A: Please tweet. Please tweet. From the main condition, what he ended up choosing, I'm curious.
Speaker B: Oh, 100%. No, that will absolutely happen. Yeah. So congratulations to Adam.
Speaker A: Let's wrap this thing up. Wait, how many Yetis did you buy? Des this? That was the last comment here.
Speaker C: Something weird happened with the contract interaction. It said it was on a testnet, so I chickened out. But I'll do more research and I'll purchase after.
Speaker B: Research.
Speaker C: Yeah, believe it or not, some of us do a little bit of research.
Speaker A: I have a great example for maybe a couple weeks from now of another chamber, a story that is playing out right now. I don't want to bring up what I'm doing in case I accidentally lose all his money.
Speaker B: I hate it when I send ethereum and it shows you what the value is in USD, and I'm like, whoa, I really, really made a hasty decision.
Speaker A: Chamber just, just sent me some ethereum for a thing that we're going to try to do together that eventually we'll definitely be talking about on this show. Want to get a little more ingrained in the knowing what I'm doing first, but I'll give you, I'll give you a hint. It's a blockchain based game that we are going to try to build a little bit of a team for, and hopefully we can get somebody on the show that would be fun, but more to come. Did we talk about Vox a deus? No, we did not. On this show we all are holding. Sorry. Except for Destin. Des. Oh, you didn't get a box off. No. Did you hear the story last time? Remember? With the working rug? Pulled the dev.
Speaker B: Right. I forgot. That was. I forgot.
Speaker A: So I still have my voxel.
Speaker B: Yeah, so do I. I just dropped the price on mine. Nobody.
Speaker A: But we actually, we actually, CC, we talked about Voxo, not last show the day. The show before last show was sandbox. We definitely talked about Voxel, the show before, so episode 14, I believe, but I think that's gonna do it for us. My wife is texting me, so's I hear my baby screaming, so I've gotta go get to that. But this was fun. Gentlemen, we will chat again soon. Good luck to everybody on the Zed drop tomorrow. And until next time, stay meant.
Speaker B: It's a great ending.
