Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the Mint Condition episode 20. You caught me tweeting out our episode link right as we came live. I am Joe, aka Bunch of bets alongside both of my esteemed colleagues and the co host today, Chamber and Des, back in the building for a big episode. Des, we missed you last week. How are you?
Speaker B: I missed you guys. I apologize. I believe it or not, I wasn't working on goats, I just had other work to do. And I apologize, but I'm happy to be back.
Speaker A: Real life work, which is the bane of all of our existences, except for chambers, because Chamber doesn't have a job. Chamber, how are you doing?
Speaker C: Doing good. I did my monthly, like, ethereum to cash, you know, transfer today just to.
Speaker A: Keep your living expenses.
Speaker C: Keep me afloat. Well, it wasn't a lot of ethereum, so it was a good east day today.
Speaker A: That's good.
Speaker C: It's crazy. It's bananas. So, yeah, it's the summertime. I don't feel like working yet, but I did get. I got a headhunter direct message me today about a cannabis, you know, account management position that I'm possibly interested in.
Speaker A: It's a high salary.
Speaker C: It is a. Yeah, very high salary.
Speaker A: There you go. So we've got lots to talk about today. We are going to talk some goats, we're gonna do some giveaways. We're gonna. We are live again, so question and answer. Just keep comments coming in the chat. And we are doing three different giveaways today. Chamber, you're giving away something. What are you giving away?
Speaker C: Well, since last time we were live, we had the alien boys come in in full force. It was alien boys. Summer. I picked up some alien boys. I really like them. I think they look cool. And I picked up a bunch of them. So we're going to give one away as a show of solidarity to, to all the folks that came in last time.
Speaker A: Awesome. And then I have a special shout out here, as well as a couple giveaways. So one of our awesome listeners, you may know him from, I'm just bringing up his twitter here because I want to give out his correct handle. You probably, you guys have probably seen him, Sammy Dub, who is. Yes, big time listener of ours, super nice guy. Him and I chat all the time. Big listener of the show. He's got two daughters and his daughters are, I believe, nine years old, and they have put out their very own NFT projects. So he was telling me about it on, I think, late last week, and he's like, oh, hey, check out what my daughter did. And I was driving in my car and I bought half of them just to show some support because Sammy dove is a big supporter of ours. So I wanted to, you know, support him and his daughters as well, because I think, you know, getting into NFTs and art at such a young age, I think, is what's kind of really cool about all this stuff that we're doing here. Obviously, money to be made. That's cool. But, you know, I think it's about more than that. And. And these projects are really fun, and it's something he's doing with his kids. And they're actually donating their. Their portions of their funds raised to local charities as well. Chamber, you want to bring up those two links?
Speaker C: Yeah, I'll bring them up right now. So we got. I'll start with Katie's.
Speaker A: Yeah. So Sammy dubs Twitter handle is at Sam underscore Waterson Watterson. And his daughters are Katie and Emily. Katie and. Yeah, Katie and Emily. And so Katie's got. Katie's cool pups there. Yeah, I own that Brooke one I own. Do I own cash? I don't even remember. Click on view all. Let's see which ones I own.
Speaker C: We got here. This is awesome.
Speaker A: Yeah, right? So she drew these, admitted them. I own Brooke. I own Pietro. I own Rio. I got that scruffy looking one there. I can't read it from Shaggy. Yeah. So we're giving away Pietro for Katie today.
Speaker C: Katie.
Speaker A: Katie's donating all of our half of her earnings here. They all went for what, .01. I think they all sold for. She's donating 50% of that to help animal shelters. And then Emily has one herself. Nine years old as well. You got that link?
Speaker C: Yeah, I got that one here. I was switching over.
Speaker B: I can't wait till the day that there's a high school elective called blockchain.
Speaker A: You know, that's probably going to be a thing.
Speaker B: I mean, that's going to probably be a thing, which is incredible. I mean, we, in our generation, we had, like, web design, and that was, like, a cool elective you could take. And, man, I think blockchain's coming.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think so. So that one right in the top left, that's the one we're giving away for Emily. And she's donating. Yep. She's donating to Calgary Children's Hospital, which is pretty cool. So the dubs are one. The dubs are fellow Canadians.
Speaker C: Chambere speaking right to my heart right now. I got.
Speaker A: There you go.
Speaker C: I'm gonna be crying maple syrup in a minute.
Speaker A: So how. How do we judge these winners? Tell people how to win.
Speaker C: What we'll do is if you go to the mint conditions Twitter, you'll see our live stream going right there. All you have to do is just retweet the live stream on Twitter. I'll drop it in the. In the chat as well. So if anybody's on the chat, they'll be able to see it there. All you have to do is retweet it and you're entered. So not only are we giving away one of Katie's. Not only are we giving away one of. Is it. Sorry, I was. Yeah, Emily. Okay, we're also going to give away, like we said earlier, we're going to give away an alien. Boy. So three winners today.
Speaker A: Yeah, we're feeling very, very giving mood today.
Speaker C: And I'm just judging from the artwork here between Emmy and, uh. Emmy. Is it Emmy. Emmy.
Speaker A: How many times, man?
Speaker C: I know.
Speaker A: I'm just.
Speaker C: I keep saying Emily and I'm like, oh, it's not right.
Speaker A: They probably could that cannabis manager job. Yeah, sold.
Speaker C: You're hired. But I want to say, I want to say Emmy's a little older than. Than Katie because the artwork. Emmy moon one. Man, that looks pretty cool.
Speaker A: You want that? You, you. Maybe you. Maybe you'll win.
Speaker C: Hopefully I win. Yeah, that looks pretty awesome.
Speaker A: Awesome, man. So, yeah, so shout out to Sammy dubs and his daughters. We're giving away some artwork. They're giving away to charity. So pretty cool. The other thing that I did last week, I went to the New York City Zed run meetup.
Speaker C: That was.
Speaker A: That was fantastic. I went. There's a saying in my circle, when you hang out with me, it's called going full bunch, you. And we did exactly that. We had a. A rip roaring good time. So shout out to all the people that I met there. That was a great time. I see Bundoy in the chat. I met him and his wife. They were fantastic to hang out with. Really loved hanging out with those guys. So shout out, I got to meet some other, you know, I got to meet Zed Gazette in person. Doctor Ian, who we've had on the show. Really? Yeah.
Speaker C: Celebrities were there.
Speaker A: Yeah, a bunch of the cool stables. I met Tyler, NFTs Anonymous, and him and I went hard all night. Did some karaoke. Yep, karaoke. It was. It was a great old time. So shout out to the Zed run New York meetup as well. But, yeah, you guys will have to all get together at some point. And you'll all go full bunch. You.
Speaker C: That sounds like a great plan.
Speaker A: So let's, let's bring up crypto slam. Let's just see what's going on in the way of NFTs. Oh, Sammy dubs, watch it in the chat. She said Katie's watching with us.
Speaker C: Well, we'll keep the, we'll keep it pg for the kids watching today. Just have to tell myself that sometimes. All right, here we go.
Speaker A: I mean, shocker. Axie infinity crypto punks. Deadheads look dead heads on the 24th. So. So chamber, you. I was that guy I was talking earlier before the show, that chamber, you know, not usually a Nft guy, not usually a community member, but you, you're graduating. You're buying things on your own now. And I believe you purchased some deadheads the other day, correct? Chamber, are you there?
Speaker B: He's frozen. He looks like he's actually there.
Speaker A: He looks like he's about. Yeah, he looks like he's about to say something really insightful. All right, so I'm pretty sure Chamber bought some deadheads the other day. So I guess, I mean, look at that. The 24 hours volume on deadheads. Pretty good. Did you dabble, did you dabble in deadheads at all, Des?
Speaker B: I didn't. It looks phenomenal. I mean, the artwork, the renderings are, look so clean. We were just talking to Chamber earlier, and he said they have, like, a full blown cartoon planned and animation with voice actors, which is incredible. I mean, because it's still early. So to have that at this stage is phenomenal.
Speaker A: So, yeah, chamber, you're back. Now tell us about your rendezvous into deadheads.
Speaker C: So, I mean, right away, like, I think Dennis mentioned, the artwork is very cool. It's that 3D Art. So kind of like a level on top of what we've been seeing lately. But the coolest thing, and it sounds like, and I'll probably mess up about 80% of what I'm about to say. So take what I'm about to say with a grain of salt. But as Des mentioned, that they have a animated series already lined up for deadheads. I don't know what production company or what, you know, what network or what platform it's going to be on, but apparently there are. Yeah, Gary v. Yeah, Sam is coming in with some.
Speaker A: Yes. Betty in there saying that Gary v. Jumped in the discord and said he bought 36 dead. Well, you know what? Gary Vee is very big on, you know, ip and all of these. So if he hears that these guys are already doing some ip production, like a movie or an animated series. That's right up his alley. So that doesn't surprise me at all. You know, you, we hear him talk about v friends and I feel like he's got a similar plan for that eventually down the line as well. So it doesn't surprise me that gary v likes Deadheads thing, so.
Speaker C: And apparently, I don't know if all of the deadheads will eventually be in the show at some point, but your nft will be a character on a tv show or there's a chance of it.
Speaker A: That's pretty cool.
Speaker C: I don't know which ones. I mean, if you have 10,000 nfts, I don't know if. I don't know if you have 10,000 characters on a tv show, but that.
Speaker A: Seems, seems like a lot. Maybe it'll be like punks comic where they'll do like a community vote and all that, like they're doing with the apes and things like that. But yeah. So top volume, no doubt. Axie infinity continues to blow everything. Let me bring that back up here, which is wild. Des, did you catch our axie show? Have you, have you learned about axie yet?
Speaker B: It helped a lot because honestly, going into that, I had very little clue, I'll be honest. I mean, it's. What's crazy is it's been around for so long and I don't know why. I kind of. Maybe it's the art, maybe it's whatever, but I kind of associated it with, like, with, you know, dapper's first project, crypto cryptokitties. And just coming from a little bit and, you know, I had no idea. So I think it's so cool. You know, I will been busy lately, but I will fully jump in at some point.
Speaker A: You're probably missing the rocket ship at this point. It's insane. It's one of those ones where, it's one of those ones where chamber and I, like, hit the perfect timing, which is never.
Speaker C: We're about three weeks. Three weeks or like before.
Speaker A: Yeah, we were about a month prior to, like, it really taking off with all the hype and honestly, just buying a starter team now is almost three x of what it was when we started a month ago, which is insane. So, you know, it makes the scholarship programs harder to do all of that stuff, but it's still. I think it's pretty, pretty crazy. Yeah, the, the SLP token is up about almost 20% today as well. So it was almost at $0.18 or maybe even higher than 18.
Speaker C: No, it was, I think it was $0.18 before I started the show. So right now we are currently at almost $0.19 chamber of that.
Speaker A: If SLP hits a dollar, we're going to be in good shape.
Speaker C: Yeah, we'll be, I think we'll be all right. We'll be all right. If SLP hits it all. You want to bring up a chart like we know what we're doing?
Speaker A: Yeah, let's do that.
Speaker C: Yeah, I'll show you also SLP chart. I'm charting this for a couple of weeks now.
Speaker A: Oh, you're actually, you've actually been charting it like your crypto expertise.
Speaker C: Look at this beautiful pump.
Speaker A: Oh, wow, what a breakout. So what's that target there? What's that resistance?
Speaker C: $0.22 here.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker C: 26. Then we're 34 and 42.
Speaker A: This is what chambers, this is what chamber does on our other show, Des.
Speaker C: This is, yeah. And this is it versus aetherium, by the way. It's also, it's also broke. It's also broken out there.
Speaker A: Oh, that aetherium one looks a lot nicer.
Speaker C: Isn't that sweet? So I mean, then we can see. Yeah, then we have a little bit more room to grow there. Versus ethereum. Awesome. My bad.
Speaker A: And it's, it's like, it's weird because it feels like it's going crazy, but it also feels like it's just getting started. So it's wild, but all right, some other stuff that went on this past week, we saw bulls on the block get minted. We saw the, the gas wars go on. We saw mad cat militia. They launched, they're still, I believe, selling. And then we saw a, I think we had officially a rug pull with panda golf squad.
Speaker B: A hundred percent. Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. So what happened there, Des? Have you been following that one?
Speaker B: You know, it was one I pretty much almost aping into everything at this point. But that was one I stayed away from. I don't know why I aped into bulls, but I stayed away from panda. And it just, man, they had a rough, really rough launch. Right. Their whole premise, the only really reason to own pandas versus anything else was that they were going to give a portion of the minting cost. I think they started at zero six. They were going to get zero two. So 33% of it to the actual ape owner of the same token. Id. So 10,000. 10,000. If you own token one, someone buys token one of pandas, then that token one owner of Apes gets 0.02.
Speaker C: Really?
Speaker B: Well, the first contract they launched epically failed. It didn't do what it was supposed to do. They pulled it, they burned it, and then they launched another one that didn't do any of it and they just, you know, had a real rough and stumble kind of launch. So. And then I think this. They tried to make it work. They tried to build up the community. I think they pumped a lot more second or sales after they released their second contract. I think I saw at some point that they minted like 3000 and then.
Speaker A: Yeah, I thought I saw like 32 or 3600 or something. Yeah. Yeah. I like Bundoy's comment here. Chamber that one. Yeah. He pretended to be a discord mod for over an hour after the real one bounced from the discord. So, yeah, they, they deleted the discord altogether. Then there was like that thread that came out, somebody that, from the community that was trying to help and add value and then, you know, that was all predicated on the fact that they were going to make it right with the ape holders that didn't do it. Yeah. So it's funny that you say that with this comment here. We saw a couple projects kind of reach out to panda holders, which was pretty cool. We forget exactly what other projects we're doing it, but alien boy is gonna sounds like. And then there was, I think there was two other ones that did that.
Speaker B: I saw.
Speaker A: I think the bulls did. And then I think you're right.
Speaker C: I think. I think the bulls is what I remember as well.
Speaker A: What's. What I find comical. It's the divine comedy. It's really a comedy of horrors. Is my brother aped into Panda golf Squad? He holds the number two rare, rarest panda according to, according to rarity tools. And he. So he's, he got it. And he's like, yes, this is going to be worth so much money.
Speaker C: And then so upsetting.
Speaker A: Wake up, rug pull. So that was, uh, that was rough, but, uh, there, there'll be others. But. So that's. That's what's going on now.
Speaker C: Does he, does he like, go into a lot of projects or was this, like he happened to pick this one?
Speaker A: Well, he was.
Speaker C: I dumped.
Speaker A: I feel like he's been chasing apes since he missed apes. And then, you know, this one again, like, it seemed like it was going to be popular because it had that ape tie in and then it was just a total disaster. So unfortunately. But. All right, should we, should we get to the main event here?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. That's my sister in law. She said the worst one they got was sticky keys. Have you seen sticky keys? Yeah, yeah, sticky keys.
Speaker C: What's sticky keys?
Speaker A: It's kind of like, you know, nft keyboard pieces and they actually could do some really cool stuff with it. Like you could have to collect some to unlock things. But sticky keys is, they're all just.
Speaker C: Before we get into, before we get into goats, just talk about. Can we just talk touch on the weekend a little bit. And I know I had the conversation a lot. It was can't. So candidates, July 1, obviously, 4. July is the fourth of, we actually shared that weekend, the Americans and Canadians. And so I was away on the weekend partying and talking to family members and friends. And I want to get your feedback. Did you guys talk nfts a lot? And did absolutely nobody understand what it was? Because that was my takeaway.
Speaker A: I feel like I do this all the time. So, like, I. People are like, oh, this again. You know what I mean? Oh, this guy. Like, so I feel I didn't talk too much nfts because, like, I feel like at this point I'm into too much weird shit. Like they're just like, oh, you're just on brand. Yeah, here he comes. Here he comes. Get ready for a blockchain lecture. You know what I mean? Like, and I, you know, I just want to party, that's all.
Speaker C: No, that's fair. That's fair.
Speaker A: What about you, Des? Did you talk nfts percent of our.
Speaker B: Conversation around a family who knows really little about the NFT crypto space was spent talking about nfts and goats.
Speaker A: And so that's a great question then. So what was their, what was their feedback and what was, you know, what did they.
Speaker C: Yeah, like, what did you tell them? Yeah, like, what's the goats the most?
Speaker B: Like, prevailing question kept being like, well, what do you do with it? Which is such a great question, right. And is why we always talk about utility and things like that being important is because at the end of the day, what do you do with it and what good is it? And so we kind of danced around the analogy of baseball, like digital baseball cards, because that's relevant to their era and things like that. So that kind of gets your foot in the door of what it is. But then when you start explaining things like they're trying to build animations and cartoons and it provides physical access to physical locations in the real world and you start to do that, then their eyes start to open and I was actually surprised. My wife's grandfather's 84 years old and he was asking some great questions, really? And I was like, okay, maybe this, you know, this can really hit mainstream. Like, it's. It doesn't take long to really kind of start to get it. So overall, I was very happy with it, exhausted about talking about it. It was great.
Speaker A: So I guess I should take that back because we actually did talk a little bit about nfts on my 4th July, but it was all people that kind of knew already what we were into. And my grandmother kept asking us if we were in the middle of buying more horses. So my grandma's really into Zed. We brought a race up last. I think it was Mother's Day. Grandma was all about Zed. So, I mean, Des, coming from a family of real life horse racing background, what do they think of Zedong? I feel like that one's easier too.
Speaker B: I literally thought my dad was gonna say it was the stupidest thing in the world and I had, like, a coffee date with him to explain it. And, you know, he never balked at it once. Like, he was like, oh, yeah, that makes sense. All the overhead goes out the window from owning a real stable. And he was. He was so into it. I swear I thought he was gonna text me later that night, like, hey, buy me a horse.
Speaker A: Hey, you're off. The family will.
Speaker C: Hope you like them.
Speaker B: Horses could never.
Speaker A: Macchiatos.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's right. My brother's aped in on horses and. Yeah, no, I. Yeah, they love it and they get it and, you know, it's awesome.
Speaker C: Horses was by far the easiest things to show. I was the same way. We know. We were running. We were running races at, you know, two in the morning, hammered.
Speaker A: Like watching horses.
Speaker C: Yeah, that was the only thing. But then, you know, then as we're waiting for races, I'm showing them other nfts. Like, the one that nobody could wrap their head around was why somebody spent $7.5 million on a. On a punk. And they're like, what is, like, it's like, what is it? Like, why? And the whole reason it came up was, you know, people. People know I'm not working. And, you know, it's like, what are you doing?
Speaker A: Like, what do you do with your life?
Speaker C: Well, you see, this is. This is what pays for birthday presents and stuff like that. But, yeah, they were blown away. Yeah, 95% of it, they couldn't wrap their heads around. But Zed was the one was like, okay, I get it. It's like a game we can play, you know, it's a good time.
Speaker A: Bring up Speddy's comment before we hit hit the goat talk because I think this is a good one.
Speaker C: Sorry, I glitched out there for a second.
Speaker A: Did you hear what I said?
Speaker C: No. Can you repeat it?
Speaker A: Oh, I said bring up Spetty's comment before we hit the goat talk because I think it's a good one. Do we think that sewer rats, elephants, pandas or other, these other, these project flops might present a flight to quality? I think that's a awesome point. I think. Yes. I feel like in the past week, we've kind of seen punks start to get a little, gain a little momentum back and not like, not like it ever left, but just more than, you know, it has been maybe in the last month or so. So I definitely think so.
Speaker B: I think gutter cats is a great example of that. I mean, people, it's funny. Gutter cats has been such a roller coaster because they had a real iffy start as well.
Speaker A: You were so pissed at gutter cats.
Speaker B: There wouldn't be goats today if it weren't for gutter cats.
Speaker A: That's true. That was right after, that was the.
Speaker B: Moment where I was like, oh, we got to get this minting process down right. And that was kind of the impetus for me to continue on with goats. But, you know, looking back, you know, it's a very small problem compared to some of these other problems that other NFT projects have had, so. But, yeah, I just, I think a lot of people saw some of those poor drops and then went back to gutter cats, went back to kind of cool communities like alien boy. And so I think that's a natural progression is, you know, people want to still be in this space. They don't want to hold the bag of something that's failing, so they get into the next greatest thing and the most established thing.
Speaker A: Sure. All right, let's talk goats. First of all, the sign behind you does the. Yes, let's fucking goat. Dig it. Dig it. All right, so, I mean, I'm going to kind of let you take the floor here. So let's.
Speaker B: Oh, I thought this was seat. I thought this seat I was in right now was a hot seat.
Speaker A: No. Well, we're going to get some questions from the chat, but I mean, honestly, I don't know too much about goats. So let's start, like, from square one. First of all. First of all, where did you decide that you were going to do this? Like what? I want to hear that inspiration, because all of a sudden, one day in our chat, you were like, hey, let's. Let's fucking go and we were. And we were off and running. So what. What was the inspiration behind it? Why goats? And. And let's start there.
Speaker B: Perfect. So, I mean, no secret, I was very fortunate to be on midnight of bored apes. And I just early on, like, the next day, just seeing everyone post their new profile pics and seeing the community that was building within the apes, I instantly saw that and was like, this is a new gateway to how people create community. And I'm super about community. In my real job, I'm on every single corporate culture team to try to better create that sense of community because I think it's so important. I really attached myself to it, and I wanted to do something. I wanted to do something similar and create that sense of community. And I found the metaverse at a really good time because I think, as you'll see, a lot of our roadmap is tied to the metaverse. I just think that's where the future is going. I think that's going to be so big. And when you have these digital communities, have a digital space to gather and interact, I think that's going to be so big. So I knew I wanted to do a project how I came across goats. I think I've talked about this on the show before, but I kind of live by this rule of three, which is, if something ever presents itself, like, three times to me in a short span, I, like, really pay attention to it.
Speaker A: I think that's what you said about top shot, right? One of our first episodes.
Speaker B: 100%. And I do this with everything. And it was the. It was kind of the came from a podcast, and they were doing an interview, and the CEO and founder talked about that. That was his method, and I just love that. So it's kind of fortuitous. I remember at that time hearing a discussion about who was the goat, right? Who was the goat in basketball? You know, is it Jordan? Is it Kobe? All these kind of discussions around that. And, you know, they were talking about how Tiger is he, the absolute goat. So that conversation was in the background of my mind. Then I, you know, saw a news article about Simone Biles putting a little goat on her on the back of her uniform or warm up jersey for the gymnastics. And I was like, God, that is so cool that someone, like, identifies themselves as the goat. And then the last one, which you just can't make up, I'm driving to work one day, and on the side of the road is probably 150 goats.
Speaker A: That's amazing.
Speaker B: Where there no goats. And the goats are there because I live in a very fire, endangered area. We've had really bad wildfires. And so they bring in the goats to kind of eat away at the kind of dead stuff and take away some of the stuff that could burn. And so I literally looked to my right, and there's fenced off. There's all these people watching, but hundreds of goats just climbing the hillside.
Speaker C: Nft.
Speaker A: 15,000 uniquely identifiable goats. It's so weird.
Speaker B: And was like, ooh, that's the number. No. So that. That was literally the three things. And I was like, cool. I love goats. It sounds awesome. It has the aura of, like, being the greatest of all time. I just. I really fed into that. So that's. That's why I picked goats.
Speaker A: Awesome. So what, like, what is the. I think, you know, well, come on, chamber, let's take the tour. I like where you're going with that. What. What is the founder's lounge here? Let's walk through this. The entire thing.
Speaker B: I love it. So the founder's lounge. And this idea is that the goats have a home, and that is called the Maison de goat. You may have seen that on our twitter. Twitter handle, but it's basically the mansion that the goats have access to. And so, you know, it's all about kind of this exclusive club. I kind of relate it to, like, the. I don't know if you guys have seen college american football, but, like, the Heisman house. Like, there's this clubhouse where all the people who are Heisman winners are able to become, or maybe someone like the Augusta clubhouse and the cabin and being access to that. I just love that kind of sense. A little bit of exclusive community that can be grown. And so, yes, the maison is meant to be that house, and it exists in the digital world as well. And so that's the kind of ethos behind it. And the founders lounge is just one of the many, many rooms inside the maison.
Speaker A: So very cool chamber. Thoughts on the goat artwork?
Speaker C: I love it. Um, I like, uh. I think goats. I think goats is the right animal to use. I was trying to think of other possible animals. I mean, there's a lot of. There's a lot of great branding that you can do with the goats. Um, I've seen some. I mean, I don't know how much I can say, but I've seen some. Some other, you know, besides these four that we're looking at here, I've seen some really, really cool artwork, some really cool features. And I gotta tell you, there are one or two of them that I don't know how much I'm gonna have to pay for them, but I'm gonna get them, so, big fan overall.
Speaker A: So we got, you know, similar to a lot of the other avatar projects out here. We've got, you know, each of these goats has, you know, different traits. What should people be looking for as kind of, what's the, what's rare here? What are we, what are we looking for?
Speaker C: Sure.
Speaker B: I think where a lot of projects honestly have failed is the decision on how they, how they, you know, disperse the rarity within the traits. I think some projects you have where it's completely watered down, where everything seems rare. So you basically have, you know, say you have a trait that's 30 different, different options, and one makes up 50%, and then the third 29 make up all the rarity. It's super flat that way, and there's no fun in that. So I really did took, I took a look at the bored apes. I took a look at some other ones and how their rarity was dispersed, and I kind of modeled mine after that. So hopefully there's nice, a nice gradual sense of rarity to them. And what you'll see, the things that.
Speaker A: Will appear rare on, say, opensea after minting should really be rare, correct?
Speaker B: Yes. Yeah, absolutely. So the way it works, and there's no secret here, you guys have been testers on the testnet for some of this stuff, and you asked a great question earlier, like, hey, I just minted 20 fake goats. Is this open sea percentage correct? And no, it gets updated as more goats are minted. So as soon as there are 10,000 goats on OpenSea, then all the rarity should be perfectly aligned with what they are. But initially say there's a super rare goat that gets minted, right away it's going to say that goat is 100% of that trait, which is not correct.
Speaker A: So somebody will dump it for floor price, I hope.
Speaker B: Yeah. Please don't dump. Please do not dump. Super rare goats. But, yeah. And then just another word on the traits. We decided that we really wanted a kind of a real world trait selection, which, I mean, some of these are like, someone asked, like, hey, are there any robot goats? There's actually no robot goats. And a lot of the traits, especially the outfits, are actual professions. Like, we didn't just do. It's not called suit and tie trait. It's like, it's like a business person, it's like a CEO or it's a politician, rather than just like, they're all professions. And the reason why we wanted to do that is because we truly believe that inside of all of us that you have something that you're striving for. Whether it's wanting to be the founder of a company, whether it's wanting to be an NBA basketball player, whether it's wanting to be, you know, you have this goal. And what would be so awesome is if the community owned goats that reflected their aspirations. Right? If you wanted to be a full time NFT collector. Well, believe it or not, we have a trait for that. And you saw it.
Speaker A: What does that look like? Did you just take a picture of me? And that's pretty much. Pretty much.
Speaker B: So we had to get a creative with that one. But if you want to be a photographer, there's a goat with a camera and stuff. So I think that's what we're really excited about, is hopefully these goats get into people's hands that really want to own them, reflect. That's part of who they are. Maybe they use them as a profile pic. I know it's a lot to ask to kick out an ape or a gutter cat at this point, but I think having that personal connection is so key.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's funny you say that.
Speaker A: Go ahead, Schumer. Where'd you go? He's frozen again. All right.
Speaker B: In the same position.
Speaker A: Literally the exact same position. He can't. He's not allowed to be in that position anymore. But let's keep going while we have him frozen. What he's got up on the screen right now is the member benefits piece. So walk through. Walk through what we're looking at here.
Speaker B: Sure. So first item is the NFT gated access. I think this is really cool. And I talked about the importance of the metaverse, and I think a lot of people, clearly a lot of people want to get into the metaverse. The sandbox sales sell out in about 0.3 seconds.
Speaker C: There's no bots, so don't worry.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker C: No bots.
Speaker B: So this is a cool way where I think I can kind of give owners of goats ownership in the sandbox. So part of our roadmap is to build out not only the maison inside the sandbox, but this overall Goatsville, which I'm super excited about, which is this massive plot of land where everyone, and I'm getting a little ahead of myself, who forges a goat will actually be given a small plot of that land to build one of six customizable homes to call their own home. So I think it's cool.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's cool.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm really excited about that. And so if you can't, even if you can't own a full piece of land in the sandbox lease, you own a piece of it. You're also NFT gated. So we had the CTO of sandbox come on. And that was where he thought the future was, was gaining access to these certain lands based on the NFTs that you hold in your wallet. And so that's what we'll be doing. We'll be doing gated access to Goatsville. Nice.
Speaker A: That is sweet. All right, well, let's. When goats.
Speaker B: When goats is a great question. We are pushing as hard as possible to get it out this Thursday or Friday. So literally in two or three days.
Speaker A: We'Re like a couple days away.
Speaker C: Oh, I didn't know this.
Speaker B: We are a couple days away. That is by design. We didn't want to build up this long ramp of like, hey, we're launching three weeks from now. Here's the date. Kind of want it to be a little sudden. We're working through some of the last tests. We have one big test to go and then we feel like we have the confidence to make sure it's a very smooth drop. And then it's go time.
Speaker A: So it's goat time.
Speaker B: It's go time.
Speaker A: So I saw another comment here, asked how to mint goats. So where are we minting these goats? What's the process going to look like?
Speaker B: Great, great question. So you mint goats on the site? I've been very vocal about that. I think, unfortunately, mad cat militia may have proved my theory correct. But it's very important to have a simple, familiar buying process. So when we launch, you will just be able to mint on the site itself. It's a very simple Ui for those who ever did see, which not a lot did, but ever did see bored apes, it was the simplest way to mint. It had literally how many you want. Connect your wallet and mint. And that is what we're going to, going to do. So this page, I think if you scroll up a little bit, just give you, I'll give you guys a hint. One more. One more setup. So in between fast and fair and membership, there will be a new UI. That's where you'll mint and it'll come in right there. We're not posting it ahead of time and not making you, or allowing you to connect your wallet ahead of time for some of the reasons that people talked about on bulls on the block, how it, you know, kind of upped the chance of some severe gas wars, botting, things like that. So we will only release that Ui right as we launch.
Speaker A: Interesting. I feel like. I feel like we haven't even talked about the biggest differentiator here, right? So what's super cool about goats versus the other, you know, avatar projects? I think this is your unique part of your unique utility here, and that's the forge. So why don't you go ahead and talk about the forge, because we have some questions in the chat related to the forge as well. So let's talk there.
Speaker B: So, again, this goes back to that whole thing I talked about with making a personal connection to these right now. You know, say with the apes, you can find one that speaks to you. You know, you can find a one that kind of relates to you in some way, but there isn't that ability to fully craft a bored ape that is you. And so that was the whole reason why we wanted to do this, is this forge concept allows you to do that, allows you to take two goats, that maybe you have pieces, maybe you're a business person, but I'm just using this because I see it on screen. But maybe you smoke a lot. You want to infuse those two, and you don't have a single goat that you have that. That embodies. You forge the two. You forge the two together to create a special, customized one.
Speaker A: Now, can you select. You. Can you select the traits, or do they get randomized between the two?
Speaker B: You select.
Speaker A: Very interesting.
Speaker B: So you drop. You drop two of your. You connect your wallet, you drop two of your goats into the forge, and then it'll auto populate the metadata, and you select, out of the two traits, which one you want to keep and which one you want to burn. And so we kind of talked about this. The whole idea of the forge is, like, forged in fire and things like that. So through a token burning process, you're going to burn those two goats. And outside of. And through that burning process, you create a new goat. So it's. Yeah, it's pretty cool. I do agree. How many goats do you expect to be in three months? We've done so much modeling on this. Obviously, there's a few different scenarios in which plays out. The reason why we won't open the forge on midnight is because based on what we've calculated is it would have instantly drop the amount of goats down very quickly. If you open it on midnight, people think, oh, I just spent 0.05 for this. No worries. Like, I'll just mint two together. And based on that model, we got down to like 2500 goats real quick. Wow. Yeah. And so that's not what we want because we do want a larger community. We don't want just such like a super. We, we would love to have a 5000 4000 member community. And to do that there has to be that initial waiting period of building up the individual value of goats. So that's, that's where it's important. So based on what our current pathway is and what we plan, it's somewhere like it will settle between five and 6000 goats total.
Speaker A: After, after forging is kind of complete. Right.
Speaker B: I think the person asked like three months.
Speaker A: Oh, three months. Okay. Got it.
Speaker B: That was, yeah, three months. I think we did some six month projections and it was at about like 6000. So maybe at three months it might be a little bit higher.
Speaker A: Interesting. So that's pretty cool. I mean, I think this is super unique and it also, I mean there's kind of some game theory that goes on here as well. Right? So say like even on your initial mint, if you don't have one of these traits that you really wanted, now you got to go buy one on the secondary market because you want to forge it with something else that you have. So there's a lot of cool kind of game theory that goes along with this, the forging mechanism here.
Speaker B: I love game theory. Huge fan. So that was definitely part of it. What's so interesting is you talk about rarity. Well, these, these goats get burned, which means that trait no longer exists. Which means that trait just became that much rarer. So.
Speaker A: Oh, I see. So like if you have a 5% trait and that trait is not that traits burnt and now, like now it might be, you know, just slightly less than 5%.
Speaker B: Right, exactly.
Speaker A: Interesting. So this is a good question as well. So once you forge two goats, create a new one, can you then forge that one with a third?
Speaker B: Yes. Yes you can. You can keep forging goats down the line. One thing that we are going to leave up to the community post launch is to decide whether we want to demarc or denote a forged goat versus a genesis or whatever you want to call minted goat. I am actually on the side of keeping them all the same. Like you can't tell because I think that just adds an interesting dynamic and doesn't devalue forged goats versus minted goats. Sure.
Speaker A: It lets a creativity kind of play out as well. Right? Because, you know, even if somebody got really creative with what they had, like with their forging, but there was a, you know, a mark on it that said forged it may not hold as much value as a genesis one, even though it might even be way cooler.
Speaker B: Exactly. So that's my only thing I would say. I'm actually in the minority in that thinking. A lot of people want something to denote that it's for some cool thing. I think our community manager brought up a singed beard or a goatee would be awesome. So we're going to let the community decide. That's another thing, is, you know, I think the projects have done it right, have really left a lot of decisions and future things to the community and let them drive that. So that's one. One of the many things we will let the community decide.
Speaker A: This is interesting. Zook says he's got the opposite thinking. The more forged, the more valuable. That's interesting, too.
Speaker B: Could be. So, obviously, it takes sacrifice to forge these goats. And so knowing that, you know, someone burned ten goats to make this one goat, that's, you know, that's pretty special. Not many people would do that. So. Zook's got a point there.
Speaker A: Bring up that max. Max Poker 247 comment you mentioned adding value prior to opening the forge. Can you elaborate?
Speaker B: Yeah. So if you look at our roadmap, one of the things is the Goats Endowment Fund, which I think is really important, which is basically a way to fund great derivative projects, great projects to build up this community, and it's a way for us to give back some of that minting cost. So that's one of the many ways that we can bring value to that. Also, just letting the market settle at kind of what. What value goats are in the community, I think, is important. But again, the thing that's really going to drive this project forward is the community that backs it and what they're putting out. You look at bored apes and all the derivative projects, all the things that people want to start, that's really pushing the community forward. Even with gutter cats, you're starting to see it. So, I mean, axie infinity, people are getting involved and there's scholarships, and so it's really the community that drives it. So we have to let the community do what it's going to do and then provide it the resources to help it grow.
Speaker A: Interesting. So, for forging. This is a good question. Forging, is it just. Does it just cost gas to forge?
Speaker B: Oh, is it just gas?
Speaker A: That's. Sorry, that's the way I. Yeah. Yes, it is.
Speaker B: No charge. We're not charging anyone to forge. You just have to pay the gas to forge.
Speaker A: So forge at off times?
Speaker C: Yeah, that'll be now known as you.
Speaker A: Need a gas tracker on the site just for forging. Cool. So wait, let's. So while we wait for some more questions here, why don't you bring up the roadmap chamber? I'm not sure we went through the roadmap portion.
Speaker C: The road to greatness.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker A: All right, so talk us through the roadmap. I'm not sure if we got all the way through it.
Speaker B: So I think the most popular thing to do on a lot of NFT projects is to assign kind of percent sold. I think if we've done our job right, and I think we have, hopefully we will sell out very quickly. And, you know, rather than tying it to percentages, just wanted to give a priority scale. So the first one we talked about is the sandbox integration, announcing the location of where the Maison and the Goatsville will be. Then we talked about goats endowment being so important to building up that value of goats within the community, then focuses on the forge. Obviously, that adds a lot of uniqueness and drive behind the community. Goatsville comes after the forge, because to get a piece of property you have to forge, that's one of the benefits to forging. So there's another added benefit to why you'd want to forge two goats. So you get a piece of land in Goatsville. The founders challenge, which I think is so cool, is a contest. I think every great project has had one, like, little piece of contest or, you know, the treasure hunt for bored apes that hasn't released yet or whatnot. There's this cool little game within the game, and the founder's challenge is basically, we're going to release four randomized goat avatars. So four randomized goats that are perfectly crafted and release that to the public and say, go. And the first one to forge that exact goat, and there can only be one of each goat. No one's asked that. But that's so important. One of the big forge mechanics we're working on right now is a value check against current existing goats. So, like, say there's an old goat, there's only going to ever be one all gold goat. You could do all gold goat and, like, maybe a headband. So it's a little different, but there can only be one of every, of a perfectly crafted goat. So it's really the first to have.
Speaker A: And you have to have that trait on one of your goats, to be correct.
Speaker B: Yes, yes. Interesting.
Speaker A: That's gonna be really, really interesting. I think. I love that piece. So that they're gonna come out you're gonna see what they look like. So then you can either go buy goats that have these traits off the secondary, or you can, you know, mint a ton and hope you have some of the traits that you can mix together. That's kind of the way that'll work, huh?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker C: So got another question here. So when. When will the opportunity for forge start? So you'd mentioned not obviously at midnight, but are we talking a week later, two weeks later, a month later?
Speaker B: Sure. So there's some. We feel pretty confident about the goat mechanism. We've tested it as much as we can, or, sorry, the forge mechanism as much as we can. There's a few things we want to do when goats launch, and there's actually an Ethereum token on mainnet that is a goat. We also want to build up that community and that value of goats. I would say right now, the sweet spot is around. This is around three weeks.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: Three to four weeks. I think that's three to four weeks.
Speaker B: I'd be shocked if we didn't have the forge open by August 1. Let's put it that way.
Speaker A: Interesting. That's awesome. So then we got. So the founders challenge. That's super cool. Goats merch. That's pretty awesome as well. Liquidity pool. Big deal. That allows for swapping. Makes it easy for you just to get in, get out.
Speaker B: Bunchy knows all about liquidity pools.
Speaker A: Yeah, I do now. So. And then go to vets. I'm down to go to hell.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: I mean, absolutely. We're coming off Covid. If it gets to this point where the community is thriving, you best believe we're floating that bill for some awesome events.
Speaker A: Like, can I volunteer for an east coast New York City goat event host? I.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Look, if anybody hung out with me on last Thursday, I can throw. I can throw a good party. Yeah. So we had some good times, but. Awesome. That's. That's great. I think. I think this is a meaningful roadmap. Right? We were talking, and not to shit talk other projects, but we were talking, you know, before the show, about some other projects that have launched. And we even said on the show when we were looking into some of these, that the roadmap was kind of meh. And you, I think you see that playing out in what happens in the market. So I think this is a pretty powerful roadmap. What do you think, chamber?
Speaker C: I agree 100%. I mean, like we were saying before, it's all. Most of these projects are selling out, but the ones that have plans after the minting is done are usually ones are going to succeed. And obviously you can see here I. We got lots to do.
Speaker A: I just want my house in Goatsville.
Speaker B: That's a cool thing.
Speaker A: I didn't, I didn't know a lot of, you know, I knew like forge all that kind of stuff, but I didn't know the Goatsville. I think that's really super cool. So, yeah, I wonder who my neighbor's going to be. Hopefully it's not me. Yeah, hopefully it's my favorite. Any other questions here? I know you have a hard stop here at 05:00 p.m. so if there's any last minute questions, we'll take those. So. Well, there you go. Speddy's got one.
Speaker C: Let's see here. So one sandbox plot total per wallet that forges two goats. Not a separate plot. Every time the same wallet forges two goats.
Speaker B: Unfortunately, just to be clear, it won't be a plot per wallet. That would get pretty crazy.
Speaker C: Yeah, that seems like a lot.
Speaker B: It's. It's a piece within the plot. We're, we're working on exactly how big that is. Our first kind of initial thought was 25 square. Square meters. If you know, a plot is 93 m or. No, it's 93 by 93.
Speaker C: Sorry, right.
Speaker B: 93 by 93 meters. So we were thinking of giving that a piece. So that's big enough to put a good size house on, but it's also small enough to fit an entire community of this. So now. Great.
Speaker A: The other thing too. You said they'll actually get one of these pre built kind of designed homes?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: That's pretty cool. All right. Yeah, that's dope.
Speaker B: So yeah, you get the option part of the forge process at the end. I'm not going to promise this because the lawyers absolutely said this cannot be done, but we originally wanted to be to name the forged goats. So you get a token id and that's all that your original goat is known by. But through the forge you'd actually be able to customize that name to be like one of our founders, like Jay Goatsby. Like, that would be so sick. Now that has a huge ip infraction implication because now you can call your goat Michael Jordan and that's an issue. So. So we're working on that. But the whole point is we want to do, we want to add personalization into those homes somehow. So we will figure that out right now. It's an initial selection you make at the bottom of the forge. Hey, I want this type of home in Goatsville and we make it for you and then we. We assign your token id in the ground.
Speaker A: Cool. That's really, really cool.
Speaker C: Very cool.
Speaker A: Yeah. So before we let you go here a couple more minutes, what are the last things that you want to make sure that we cover?
Speaker B: We've covered so much and I'm super appreciative that we got to use, you know, a big portion of the show today to talk about it. I'm excited. Like I said, the. The. When goats, everyone, you know, usually gets so frustrated, people asking. I get so excited when I see when goats in our discord just means that, you know, people are excited about it. So I'm going to try. Based on some tests I actually still have to run here, we're going to try to post the official launch date and time tonight, sometime late tonight in Pacific Standard Time. So hopefully we'll have that answer whether it's Thursday, whether it's Friday. What time exactly? Later today. So that's when goats.
Speaker A: That's when goats. Betty had one last clarification based on that last question. Will it be one piece per wallet or is it as many as you forge?
Speaker B: Many as you forge.
Speaker A: Cool. So you could essentially have a city block of in Goatsville.
Speaker C: That's crazy.
Speaker A: Spetty Speddy's gearing up his wallet right now.
Speaker B: I love Spett's questions. Spence, reach out to me if you have any other questions, like, besides the ones you've asked. You've asked some great questions.
Speaker A: Awesome. So I think that's going to do it for us. Des, we'll let you run and we'll finish the giveaways. So thank you so much. Appreciate your time. And, you know, look, I think. I hope this is a huge success for you. I feel like, I mean, I know you ton a ton of time and effort into it. Plus, if it's not, you have to come face to music on the show.
Speaker B: I think that's so important is, like, publicly known. We still do not know the founders of, like, bored apes. Like, we don't know their faces. We don't know. Like, we don't know the. The team behind bowls. Like, besides, we know one of them is a great artist. But, like, I am super public about this and attaching my name. So that is hopefully a safety net to any of those who are fearful of rug pulls.
Speaker A: Oh, man. If you rug pull, it'll be an epic episode.
Speaker C: That's great content right there.
Speaker B: That's awesome.
Speaker A: All right, my friend, get out of here. We'll give the giveaways away. Thank you. Very much for walking us through goats. And we are excited for later in the week.
Speaker B: Me too. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Speaker A: See you later.
Speaker C: All right, before we can do the giveaway. 1 second. I've been. Did you see this comment?
Speaker A: Yes, I did. I haven't gotten.
Speaker C: Did you see the chart?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker C: Since we started talking. Are you kidding me right now? 1 second. Pull it up right now.
Speaker A: So is this axs or is it SLP?
Speaker C: SLP.
Speaker A: Oh, so ASX is its own token.
Speaker C: Yeah, so I.
Speaker A: We need to get some of that because we can stake axs.
Speaker C: Look at that. Almost a 20 cent. We're. It's gone up almost a cent since.
Speaker A: That's just. I mean, that's just us moving markets, clearly.
Speaker C: You know, I want to say it out loud, but probably. Yeah, look at that. I just. Fantastic. So, looking great there.
Speaker A: I'm actually most pumped for our scholars, quite honestly.
Speaker C: No kidding.
Speaker A: I mean, we, I was talking about it in our scholar chat the other day and they were so pumped when they saw that the price was going up and they're like, holy shit. I hope it stays right. And I hope it does, too. So awesome. Let's do a giveaway. So we've got three giveaways going. We've got the alien boy. Hashtag alien boys.
Speaker B: Summer.
Speaker A: We've got Katie's pups and Kate Katie's cool pups and Emily's anime. So we are going to do the first one will win.
Speaker B: We'll do three.
Speaker C: So just rank them. So you tell me, like, the number one person is getting there boy.
Speaker A: Katie. Emily.
Speaker C: Okay, perfect. So there it is. So we're going to start this.
Speaker A: By the way, apparently Emily minted some more during this show so that if any. Go help her donate to the Calgary children's Hospital. They're .01 if you go there. So check those. Check them out. We'll also have the links in our show notes, but it's cool. Give. They're given to charity. They're getting involved in nfts. I think it's pretty dope. So check them out. We'll drop all their links in the show notes for sure. All right. Did we got it?
Speaker C: There we are. Three, two, one. I got, I put some, I put some backups in there. So we got Radster winning the alien boy.
Speaker A: We got bondoi one doy winning Katie cool pop.
Speaker C: And then Kaiser Guns is our first substitute.
Speaker A: Chris and Ben were close, but no cigar. I love how you win your own giveaway giveaways. I'm surprised we haven't won more. That's why I, quote, tweet our. Our episodes.
Speaker C: So does that not count as a retweet?
Speaker A: I don't think it officially is a.
Speaker C: Retweet, but I like winning, even though I don't win, so.
Speaker A: Hey, all you do is win.
Speaker C: All I do is win, no matter what.
Speaker A: All right? That is gonna do it for us. Until next time, stay middle. It.
