Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am Joe, aka Bunch of bets alongside my esteemed colleagues and co host, Chamber and Des. How you guys doing? Chamber, what's going on?
Speaker B: Good day today, man. Got some good news. I'll be starting off.
Speaker A: You got a job.
Speaker B: I know I'm going to be. No more full time crypto, no more full time NFt, part time. Whatever, man. That's all right. I'll take it. So part time NFt, part time crypto, but getting into the cannabis industry, which.
Speaker A: Is, you know, you're like the poster child.
Speaker B: Pretty happy about that overall.
Speaker A: No better hire on the planet than you for that.
Speaker B: I mean, I think they noticed that pretty, pretty quickly and I think that's why they scooped me up.
Speaker A: Congrats, Dez. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker C: I'm doing good. Yeah, I'm excited. There are two major launches that are coming up that I'm very, very excited about. Haven't been this excited in a while. One of them we're going to get to talk about today. So, yeah, I'm, I'm super pumped.
Speaker A: Awesome. And of course, we have the one and only tyler. Nft anonymous. How you doing, ty?
Speaker D: Hey, what's going on, guys? Thanks for having me.
Speaker A: Yeah, we are excited to talk rsop, royal society of players. So before we get started, don't forget to check us out. We are now part of the d gen network, so that is djdeheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheh g e n network or.net work. So we are taking our whole shows there. Rec podcast, mint condition. We've got, we launched last week. We've had a lot of great articles, a lot of great content out there. So we're really excited about that. So check us out over there at djen and then chamber. We doing a giveaway here today.
Speaker B: We probably should. I don't know what it's going to be. So I think what we'll do is something maybe from the nft graveyard, I.
Speaker A: Can give away a chicken.
Speaker B: I got chickens to give away. I got it all, man. I got some whales, I got some. Some degens. Maybe not dj. I'm gonna keep those. But I got, I got some stuff. I got some stuff that we can play around with.
Speaker A: Cool. So in order to do that, in order to do that, retweet the live tweet from Degen. Anybody who retweets that will be entered to win the giveaway. And we'll try to remind people at the beginning, in the middle of the show as well.
Speaker B: So everybody posting it in the chat notes, if you're watching on Twitter. Twitter or on Twitter? On YouTube, on Twitch or on Facebook. If you're 100 years old, you can get a Twitter account, hop on there and then retweet it.
Speaker A: Awesome. So let's dive in. So, Tyler, let's talk about how you got involved. What about this project kind of stood out to you and then we'll go into what it all is.
Speaker D: Yeah, for sure. Before we start off with that, I mean, I'm just gonna throw it out there. I don't know if it'll come directly from Royal Society, if it'll come from one of the 20 that I plan on minting, which is the max that we're allowing for. The Royal Society leads also in the discord. It does talk about there's some provisions or some restrictions, right. So we can allow for the natural secondary market to develop. We won't be interfering with that, you know, for the foreseeable future. But, yeah, I'm actually going to throw out that I'm going to be giving away one of, you know, Royal Society players. Fantastic card, you know, for whoever is listening. So that'll be one of the giveaways today.
Speaker B: So just so we're clear, I mean, I would love to give one away, but I'm not 100% sure if I'll even get one right. So I want as many for myself as possible. So one of you will win an amazing, you know, card from the Royal Society of Players. And one of you is going to get one of my trashy nfts at the bottom of my file. So there's going to be a tale of two wins right now.
Speaker A: Fantastic. So let's.
Speaker D: I was going to say that really when this idea was presented to me by ZK 85, who I had originally met through NBA top shot. And then we talked a lot within the Zed run ecosystem. He actually started an NFT investors club discord that I was invited to. So we got to connect more through there. Well, first off, this was the only person since I've been in NFTs who has ever asked me for my LinkedIn. I was taken aback, little caught off guard. I was like, whoa, we don't do that here. But when you find out who EPA 85 is, he is the co founder of Landmark Ventures in New York City. They host over 400 events a year. This is all public information at this point. And landmark will be supporting the overall trajectory and growth of Royal Society of players. So basically what it is, 10,000 playing cards, 192 decks with 16 jokers, which, of course, will be the most rare. There will be some different rarity traits that I can't really dive into too much because we purposely did not allow for our metadata to leak at all today. Just really trying to just keep the integrity and the fairness and equality for this project, but really, right, so you have playing cards and you have the unique gamification that is allowed for with playing cards. Right. It's something that most everyone's familiar with. They've either played poker, you know, blackjack, even go fish. Right. And so, unlike a lot of the avatar projects that we've seen, which have had layers of controversy when it comes to inclusion, gender representation, racial representation, whatever it may be, we tried to go a little bit different of a direction as far as we don't want to be your avatar, maybe we want to be like your Twitter banner or your cover photo or something like that, but we want this to be something where all the different avatar communities can feel represented, feel like they have equal opportunity and inclusion. So you have the gamification of the playing cards and what is this all like? What's the incentive? Right. What's motivating about this? Well, the gamification of these playing cards, as well as just holding on to at least one of them, which is your access, your digital membership into the Royal Society of players. What that's going to allow for is both in real world experiences, events and opportunities, as well as metaverse experiences, events, rewards, privileges, giveaways, etcetera. So one of the initiatives as far as the giveaways that will be done is there will be ticket packages to basically every major and college sporting event that, you know, any regular season game for the NFL, NBA, Major League Baseball, NHL, european soccer, college basketball, college football, you know, you name it, right? A wild card game of your choice. Regardless of what sport, these are all just unique giveaway opportunities that are made possible through the digital membership or the digital access granted by holding on to at least one of these nfts. Then we take it a step further and we include a the metaverse elements, right? So there is Zed run horses that are going to be bred in, you know, one z three, legendary, which, for those who aren't familiar with Zed run is going to have the top Nakamoto Genesis blood within it is going to be given away once a month for the foreseeable future. I mean, that's just one example of the metaverse utility. There will be a Metaverse headquarters established, most likely in the sandbox platform.
Speaker C: I'm sorry, can I interrupt you? It just. It's almost bursting out of me.
Speaker A: Yeah, I like watching you. I'm like, we're lucky the camera stops.
Speaker B: Here is what I'm saying.
Speaker C: Just bear with me for a second because I actually had a call with decentral games earlier, and the possibilities there with this project is just so unlimited. Like, you want to talk about gamification? Let's bring it to the most simple game ever created for cards. War.
Speaker D: Right?
Speaker C: What if you went into a metaverse and you could have a war stadium and you put stack against stack for real eth?
Speaker A: I mean, dude, that's dope. Tyler's like, let me write that one.
Speaker B: It's all fair game right now.
Speaker D: Definitely sharing their ideas. It seems like a lot of people are excited about, as Desa just said, the potential of this. And that's really what we're trying to do, is we are looking to create partnerships with the other avatar projects, with other metaverse opportunities, and really just try to make this as great of an experience as it can be and really establish an inclusive, just, you know, kind of next level, forward thinking community of people that share a vision of they want to interact and connect with people in the metaverse. But also, we don't want to forget that. Like, there's a whole world out there. Like, let's go enjoy it. Let's, you know, you don't have to, right. It's not required to be in the Royal Society to make yourself public. I know that there are some people that are a little bit more sensitive, little, maybe a little more high profile. They have families, they have jobs that they just don't want to mix with the NFT crypto community. And, you know, we respect that. So there will be ample opportunities as we show through some of the initiatives and giveaways that we've already held prior to mint that will allow for, you know, experiences and incentives regardless whether or not you're going to be actually attending the real world events.
Speaker A: Sure. I mean, and then, yeah, with the, with the real world events, too, is, I mean, as we've seen with things like v friends, right, that just can create an entire secondary market in and of itself. Right? So say you miss out tonight, but you know of an event that's happening near you and you want to get in there you go. You can go buy one on the secondary market, and now you might have access.
Speaker D: Right?
Speaker A: So what I thought was awesome about this, so I actually was able to meet ZK 85 this week at a gathering we were both at, and he was telling me all about it, and I just think, you know, now that the landmark ventures pieces is public info, the potential of all the things that you can do with tying these into real life events and giving. I mean, it's the. It's the word we always use on this show, but the utility of these is going to be amazing. The other thing that I think is really cool about this is, you know, like you said, ty, it's inclusive, but it's also. Everybody gets cards, right? Like, it's. It's something that everybody's familiar with. It resonates with so many of the people in, you know, that run in these spaces of crypto where it's, you know, either you came in from sports betting or gambling of some sort, or top shot, which is, you know, a real card type playing group or daily fantasy or things like that. So I think there's just a really great, um, you know, way that this resonates with. With people. And, um, you know, let's chamber. See if you could bring up, uh, maybe the website a little bit and we can walk through some of this, too, because I don't want to downplay what these actually look like themselves, too. Like. Like, these are. These are really dope looking cards and backgrounds and stuff. And so they were done by Oban Jones, uh, who is actually a famous artist that does playing card art. Right. Is that. Is that who.
Speaker D: Yeah, so, you know, some sort of tablet or iPad.
Speaker A: Yeah. This is really awesome. So these are really cool looking. So I just want this joker so bad. Yes.
Speaker D: I'm an energy thought went into the design of the playing cards themselves. That was definitely something I had wanted to mention. So thank you for that, Joe. One other thing that I wanted to draw attention to was granted, a lot of us, I think all of us that are on this stream right now are within the USA. There's actually going to be ample opportunity for those that are international to feel included in this community as well. There's a community wallet being established that will have at least $100,000 in it that will go towards satellite events. If you're in Australia, and I know that there's a big Zed run crowd there, that the reason they got into Zed run was because they were big on real horse racing. Like Doofy, for example. Doofy, I know, was talking with his network about the Royal Society of players and his excitement. And so one thing that we would like to do is be able to have these satellite events where, say, Doofy and his friends can go to the real race track and their drinks are, you know, all on Royal Society for the afternoon or something. That's just one example. One other thing that I wanted to mention was, let's see, had the art, the.
Speaker B: I don't know if you. Sorry, I dropped off for a sec. Did we mention who the artist was? Are they known or. Because the artworks obviously amazing. And I thought maybe we could shine a little light on them if we want to do that.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think Joe had mentioned. It's Obon Jones. He is from the UK. He's a professional playing card artist.
Speaker B: Unbelievable.
Speaker D: Yeah. I mean, like I said, all hand designed, you know, every detail was really scrutinized as far as just trying to fit the personality of royal society, of players, which does go into the last thing I wanted to mention. This is not a frat house. This is not a gentleman's club. We want really everyone to feel included in this. Yes, there is a natural, I guess, like exclusivity. No, not exclusivity, but there's almost like a natural, like, movement towards poker because it's playing cards, or a natural towards sports, because we do have that initiative with all of the different, you know, professional sporting events that we're doing giveaways for. But we also want to be able to include, you know, concerts, Broadway shows, you know, other performances around the country or around the world, really. And then also trying to bring those opportunities to the metaverse as well. For those that either don't feel comfortable coming out in person, maybe they can't travel as easily. So we really want to do all we can to make these experiences bridge the real world in the metaverse.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's awesome. So stick on this area here, chamber, because this is kind of all the things that we've just talked about. Right. So, ty, walk us through just like, what the royal treasury is. You know, what are the details of that? And then maybe, you know, how that differs from the community wallet and maybe what the royal competitions might be. Some of these things that we haven't touched yet.
Speaker D: Yeah, of course. So the royal treasury is being established for a couple of different reasons. One, we want the ability to give back to the community through giveaways and raffles and just ways to keep it fresh, exciting, to allow for more people to get into the Royal Society of players, not necessarily through the secondary market, which not financial advice we are expecting, could increase quite a bit from the initial mint price. With that said, the royal treasury will offer the opportunity for people to still get in at the ground level, either through the giveaways or also through what ZK 85 is organizing with a second chance mint, we don't know, or drop raffle, whatever you want to call it. We don't know how many it's going to be. It's really going to be dependent on how the drop goes this afternoon as far as how many ZK 85 is able to collect himself, that can go towards that royal treasury. But there are, I believe, 150 of the playing card nfts. Again, blindmint random distribution are being set aside because there are already people that have won giveaways. There is a select few that are going to be distributed to the Royal Society lead team, such as myself and chance and PLT. So those are some familiar names in the NFT community as well. Kayla is the other Royal Society lead at the moment and she is directly from landmark. So we have that connection or that liaison as well. So that's the royal treasury. I think that's the best way to kind of sum that up. One other thing that I think is important to draw attention to is similar to some of the other avatar projects that we've seen, such as bored Ape Yacht Club. We don't want our community to be limited by the 10,000 nfts that are available because chances are, especially when we're talking about royal competitions and collecting, quote unquote hands of cards, whether it be poker or other gamification that we figure out, we don't expect that there's going to be 10,000 members of the Royal Society of players to start out, but who's to say that it eventually could not get to that point or be potentially even beyond that? So how that will become possible is through some sort of quote unquote breeding element, which really means that there will be an airdrop down the line for those that are holding on to, you know, the playing card. Nfts similar to what?
Speaker A: We lose them.
Speaker B: Okay. I wasn't sure if it was me or not.
Speaker A: No, I think we lost it for a second.
Speaker B: I tried to stay as still as possible.
Speaker A: No, I think we lost him for a second. There you go. You back?
Speaker B: Maybe.
Speaker A: Maybe.
Speaker B: So we should like, what are you guys going to set your gwai gwei. Whatever you want to call it, Gwei to.
Speaker A: Oh, man. How much gas do we need? I don't know, man. We can hear you, but I don't know. That's a. It's a good question. It's gonna have to be high, I think. But before we touch on that, we're about at a good spot to.
Speaker B: I just put a microwave.
Speaker A: Yeah, remind people of the giveaway. So we are giving away one from something from chambers NfT graveyard and a royal society card. So go retweet the Degen live video of this and you'll be entered to win. We'll draw those winners at the end of the show. Ty, do we have you back?
Speaker D: Yeah. I didn't even realize you guys lost me. I apologize.
Speaker A: All good. So where do we leave off?
Speaker D: I don't know. What was the last thing you heard?
Speaker A: The breeding or expanding the network through kind of the airdrops. And I think you were about to compare it to kind of like what bored apes had done with the dogs and things like that and then. So, yeah, that makes sense. So the idea is down the line airdrops to token holders. So that way you could potentially expand the network beyond 10,000 holders if that's how I understood that.
Speaker D: Correct, of course. And then just the opportunity as another way to give back to the community that has supported us early on.
Speaker A: Yeah, absolutely. That's awesome. So let's talk about. Because Chamber asked a technical question here about how much gas we're going to need to use. So how are we minting these today? How to talk about how that process is going to look, where we go. What's it look like?
Speaker D: So minting is going to be through royal societyofplayers IO. It's zero eight normal ethereum each plus gas. We have just under 3500 users, or as we call them players, future players in our discord community. For those that have participated in any other NFT drops and been in discord communities, usually when you crack that like two 3000 mark you're expecting not only a sellout and I don't want to like, you know, count my chickens before they hatch or egg, whatever that, you know, that whole expression. But at the same time I will say that we are encouraging high gas.
Speaker A: I love it. I mean, I mean you kind of have to. Yeah.
Speaker C: Dub says that is a swanky ass headboard though.
Speaker B: I know.
Speaker D: Yeah. This is a hotel. Hendricks and let's see if I can. Yeah, I'll show you guys something real quick. Just gotta unplug the laptop. It would have been easier with the.
Speaker A: Phone but ties out he's oh, look at that. That's awesome. You are Royal Society of players today. You are playing hard.
Speaker D: It's starting to feel that way. Yeah. One day at a time has been my motto since this entire wave of NFT energy has consumed my life. And that's how I'm still trying to look at it is one day at a time. But when you go from New York City to Charlotte, spend the night in your own bed for a night, and then go to Denver and then back to New York City, and you start to realize that life's not the same anymore.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, I hear that. Whoa. Ty got it.
Speaker D: Like that.
Speaker A: That's awesome. So somebody asked here, is 0.1 enough for a card? You know, there's really no way to tell what the gas is going to do. Yeah, I would think. No, also, I don't think.
Speaker C: No. I think. I think no, I. You know, I was super into the modeling before the drop, um, and kind of finding that sweet spot. And actually, we really did try to pull back some of the promotion that we did leading up to the week because we felt like we had already hit critical mass, that we needed to have a good distribution. This one's pretty hyped, and I'll say this about this project more than others. Like, some really, like, not. I'm not saying, like, huge influence whales, but, like, the people that are going in today are serious about this space, and so they're not minting. They're not minting three, let's put it that way.
Speaker B: So, reckless whale.
Speaker C: It's gonna be interesting. It's gonna be. Because there's gonna be a lot of mini whales, is my opinion today. And.
Speaker A: Yeah, and I don't think that they're the. This is a project that people are buying to flip necessarily either. Right. So, like, you know, it feels that way with some of these avatar projects. Uh, but I think this is different. Right. So people are going to want these. They're going to be highly desirable, and it's going to bump gas prices up, I would say pretty high. So, like, when we saw bulls on the block, gas went to, um, 500. Right? Like it was mint price.
Speaker C: I mean, it was almost that mint price.
Speaker A: Yeah. So when you think about that. So right now your gas price is.
Speaker D: Let'S see, 20, $30, I think.
Speaker A: Yeah. So I'm trying to look for my little bot here. I can't find it off the top of my.
Speaker D: Oh, just join our discord. We have one.
Speaker C: I know. I was kind of jealous of that. That's nice to have in the discord.
Speaker B: Hop on there right now.
Speaker D: Talk with Pl. Tiger. He. I met him, you know, through this community, and I'm really impressed with his experience and knowledge of not only nfts, but also just the discord communities and organizing them.
Speaker A: I actually. That's where I was going to. I put one in the Djen discord, which, by the way, we're going to be opening to the public very soon. So you can come in and chat about all these projects and all the shows and things like that. So I have the gas tracker right now. It's 30 gwei for instant gas. Right. So I would expect that to pop pretty heavily.
Speaker B: Double, right.
Speaker A: More than that. Yeah. If you're being completely.
Speaker C: Are you guys doing. Are you guys doing pre wallet sign up? Like, are you gonna be able to connect your wallet ahead of time?
Speaker D: I don't believe so. Because chance was really concerned about whether or not the metadata would leak and how that has been, you know, a point contention for some of the other projects that we've seen recently. He's really adamant about protecting that. Awesome. What we've seen is with the secondary market, if you have a metadata advantage at that point, it can really ruin the integrity of the entire thing.
Speaker A: Yep. I think that's a great choice. Des, having gone through this yourself, is that about what you would do?
Speaker C: 100%. That's why we did what we did. Didn't publish the contract till.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker A: Literally.
Speaker C: I mean, we verified the contract five minutes before we went live and we, you know, you catch flack for that because it doesn't look transparent on the whole. But, you know, that was just one decision that we made to make that process smoother and more fair.
Speaker D: So, yeah, similar to what happened with goats and, yeah, I think that that was an amazing drop. That's kind of like the model, right? Especially for an instant reveal. Similar to what we are looking to accomplish today is that we are not on ipfs yet because we want to make sure everything is perfect and that there are no errors. If there are, we have the opportunity to correct them with a patch and then we will be on ipfs within the next day or two. Yep.
Speaker A: Awesome. So the one question here, that's from tank anchors. I hope so because I don't have enough ethan.
Speaker C: I will go that deep if needed, but I hope.
Speaker A: I hope I don't have that much eth. I'm hoping it costs me less than that. But the other one above that chamber. So just so people know where they're looking for on the site when it's mint time, where exactly will this, the ability to mint be on the site?
Speaker D: Do you know, Ty, I wish I could answer that. That would be a question that if you're in the discord, I would either dm or just at chance directly. We kind of stay in our own lanes as far as that is not my area of expertise at all. A little bit more community engaged. But, you know, I apologize that I don't have an answer for that one specifically.
Speaker B: Pure speculation on my behalf. But just judging from the, like, from the homepage, there's a section that just says minting July 2021. I would maybe think that it probably shows up in that area just under the. What is that? Yeah, just under the signup banner, but.
Speaker D: Seems like a good possibility.
Speaker B: Speculation.
Speaker D: Yeah. I don't want to steer anyone in the wrong direction.
Speaker A: Okay. And then we did say, you can't. You won't be able to connect your wallet pre mint. Right. So you're going to have to be there at 05:00. Refresh connect. So it's going to be a fight.
Speaker B: Jittery fingers just thinking about it.
Speaker A: It's going to be. We were going to do this show at 430, like, 04:00. I'm like, no, we need to be done with this. So I have ample time.
Speaker D: I know, guys, the city yesterday that were at the kickoff event for RSOP, and, you know, it was a little bit more like the internal network. Some of the employees from landmark stuff like that, and they're actually at JFK right now. And they were like, yeah, our flight leaves at like, 630, so we're probably going to be going through TSA right around that time. And they were like, do you think that if we were to, like, hold back from TSA and, like, if we only had, like, half an hour, if we miss our flight? And I was like, guys, I don't know. You're coming real close.
Speaker A: Yeah. So I think it's definitely going to be tough. Right. And I think it's going to go pretty quick. Yeah. So the, you know, and I think part of it is just because it is a little different of a project. There's so much real world utility that's potentially involved here, too. The art is awesome. It resonates with people. And then, you know, like I had, when I was talking to ZK 85 the other day, he explained it to me as, like, his vision of this whole thing is like, he said, imagine a speakeasy in Las Vegas. And I'm like, all right, sold. Like, that's all I like. Sure, take all my eat.
Speaker D: He has a lot of experience with speakeasies. That's definitely an area of inspiration. I know. He also had said that it's like kind of taking an Amex black card, a Soho House membership, and I think the other, the third example was v friends. Here's what I want to say about Vfriends? No. Like, slight towards Gary at all. But v friends is Gary, right? Like, there is no v friends without Gary.
Speaker A: Correct.
Speaker D: Similarly, could you say there is no royal society without landmark? You could. However, landmark is not just one person. So if something was to happen to Gary, heaven forbid, what happens to be friends? What happens to the value of those nfts? Now, with that said, what happens to the value of a royal society nft if something were to happen to, say, zk 85? Well, there are people that can step in and offer the same exact utility that he can offer, whereas I believe with v friends, you can't say the same thing. So, vfriends, very Gary centric, very Gary focused, whereas this is a little bit more community driven. But I do believe, as far as a utility standpoint, that they definitely will parallel each other in this space for potentially years to come.
Speaker A: Wow. Like, you know, when somebody says that, when somebody says that kind of statement, right? And you're talking about these projects, like, I feel like that's pretty powerful, and not all the time would I buy that. And I kind of. I kind of believe it here. You know what I mean? Like, it's. It's one of those projects where it. It has the appeal and the actual team behind it to execute on all these things that we just mentioned, which is why I'm excited about it.
Speaker B: That's a good point, because, like you said, there's so many different projects out there, and, you know, some with more success than others, but there's a certain amount of checkboxes.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Like, you know, what's the usability of the project, obviously, I mean, at the start of the show, the list was as long as my arm of what you could possibly do with this. Then you have the artwork behind it.
Speaker A: Long arm.
Speaker B: That's a long arm. It's a long list, man. That's a long list. I mean, the artwork itself is a ten out of ten. Then you have a team behind it. I mean, it's just, it's checking off so many of these boxes that, you know, it's no shock to me that we're gonna see a lot of mini whales out there today going hard. And it's not, you know, we're not gonna be flipping them over the course of the next, you know, 12 hours. This is something that's probably going to be.
Speaker A: Unless maybe you get that joker.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. What happens with that joker?
Speaker A: That joker? I mean, there's only 16.
Speaker B: I'm selling the joker. If I get the Joker, it's up for sale.
Speaker A: Ah, man, I don't know.
Speaker B: Buy from me, man. Just buy from me. It's all right.
Speaker A: I don't have enough east to buy what that Joker's doing. No, I don't. No, I don't. So somebody asked what the Max Mint is. You can mint 2020 per transaction, correct?
Speaker D: That's correct, yes.
Speaker A: And the price is. .08 yes, yes. Okay, awesome. So, uh, you're looking at, what is that? That's 1.6 plus two, call it. Right, exactly. That's what I would imagine.
Speaker D: One other thing that I want to mention that I think is really important to point out is why was this not presented from the beginning as landmark Ventures presents? And the reason why is because ZK 85 is an authentic NFT enthusiast. He is a avid collector and investor and trader on a daily basis. So he understands everything that we do when it comes to what makes a successful drop, what could go wrong with a drop, how to price your nfts, how to distribute your nfts, why people are, what is going to incentivize people to actually want to collect your nfts, how to incorporate gamification, what is the incentive or what is the thrill of, you know, the inevitable metaverse. And these are all things that, yeah, he has a corporate background, but he genuinely understands these concepts. He connects with, you know, the NFT community on a personal level. And that is why it's ZK 85, the board ape, not Zeev Klein, the co founder of Landmark Ventures.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, I think that's a huge, a huge point because you, it's not about like the only corporate piece about it is the leveraging of what they can do as having that backing.
Speaker D: Right, like leverage, statistics, resources. Exactly. Correct.
Speaker A: Exactly. And that's, and that's a thing that puts this project on another level in my opinion, is having that backing of or having those capabilities just makes this kind of a next level type of utility that I think we can see. And then, you know, from my standpoint, you don't get to meet a lot of these founders of these projects. I've, you know, now I had the blessing to be able to meet Des. So I had some confidence going into goats because I knew who Des washing. I got a chance to meet ZK and super confident that this is going to be able to execute in the way that it's being presented. So from my confidence level, it's definitely got my seal of approval on this one. And that probably doesn't mean much to anybody, but it will means a lot to me, buddy. Cool. So, Tyler, before we get out of here, because I want to give you enough time to do what you need to do before the drop, but what are we missing here? What are any other questions in the chat that we can answer? Anything that you don't think we covered yet? What else do people need to know?
Speaker D: Well, while I'm just going through our announcements to see if there were any details that were missed, one thing that I wanted to point out, because it has been a major topic of conversation in the NFT community recently, is this whole idea of influencers and promoting, representing, quote unquote, shilling projects for profit. Right?
Speaker B: Hashtag ad.
Speaker A: Or.
Speaker D: No? Not necessarily, though. I've never hashtagged ad. And the reason why is it's not necessary because I'm already, like, so forthcoming and transparent with any time I partner with an artist. Sure, I've already said this before, that, like, I don't just go out there and it's no slight against anyone who does. Like, hey, if it's, you know, able to help you make a respectable living and it's getting you ahead, and you're not doing anything really to damage the overall community, all the power to sue you, but, like, as long as we're being transparent about it, right? So that whole hash ad thing, I personally don't have a problem with it. It's just not my own approach. My approach is let me actually connect with the artists on a more personal level. Let me help them through their project or through their creative process. And when it comes to the whole logistics and structure of really establishing their presence in the NFT community. And I look to, you know, focus on community engagement. Yes, there's promotion and marketing that comes through social media posts and I twitter spaces and stuff like that. But I'm actively involved with the community. I'm dedicated to, you know, the project or the artist, and I do so, like, authentically. So I had a few different opportunities that I was working on, you know, Dario, NFDOs, Chicken Derby, a couple others. And I stepped back from all of them when I was approached with the opportunity for Royal Society of players. And the reason I did that was one quality of life. I just need to have some balance with my time, which Joe and I have talked about. But at the same time, it was Royal Society of players to me. No disrespect towards any of those other projects I just mentioned through what we've talked about today. It's something that I feel like will be around for years, if not decades, to come. And the reason why is it already has a proven track record through landmark ventures and I think it has a good model with something like a v friends. Another example that was brought up for the metaverse side of things is Metakey. And we see how that project has definitely increased in value since it initially, you know, debuted. But these are the reasons why. And I mean, and then ZK 85 specifically, having a lot of faith in him personally that he is emotionally invested in this. He's not looking to rug pull anyone. And I see him making this his passion project for, like I said, years, decades to come. So therefore, for all those reasons, that's why I made this my, pretty much my only focus, not even just my primary one, because I really do believe in this project, this utility and the community that we have established.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's awesome and I'm glad you have balance now.
Speaker D: Getting there one day at a time.
Speaker A: Yeah. There you go. We have a good question here from.
Speaker B: I got tanked up there.
Speaker A: Anything in the works with land vault yet specifically?
Speaker C: Yes, goats is planning a lot with land vault, so I'm just kidding.
Speaker A: I love that, that.
Speaker D: Speak to it please. Because we haven't done anything officially with land vault yet. We're open to partnerships. It's definitely a part of our roadmap is looking to secure partnerships with some of the other major NFT players, if you will, in the community. But yeah, nothing specific as far as land vault as of now. But again, just know that, yeah, we definitely are looking to secure partnerships and to bring more maturity and sophistication to royal society as time goes on. But no, Des, please share with goats.
Speaker C: I was kidding. I mean, Landvault is an incredible partner. What I've just been so impressed with them is just the professionalism with their whole team. I mean, they really do think out all the, which I appreciate the legal implications of everything that's going on. And you know, they're, they're really trying to do some innovative stuff in specifically the avatar community of the NFT space in the metaverse. So. Wow, that was a mouthful. So, you know, I think they're an incredible partner, actually. I don't know if that might be the right partner for RSOP. I think RSOP could get their own land, create their own kind of different space and whatnot. So we'll see. But they've been an incredible partner so far and I'm really excited about the stuff they're going to deliver, but yeah, awesome.
Speaker A: So go ahead.
Speaker D: I should say I brought, I was able to bring up just a quick summary of the things that are being offered, we went over the royal treasury. We went over the poker tournaments and other virtual activities, whether it be the fantasy football leagues, possibly daily fantasy sports competitions, things like that, global in person meetups, community wallet breeding. Great. One thing that we did not go over was there will be merchandise that will eventually be coming out. So there will be physical collectibles as well for people to invest in or to collect. That will be custom physical playing cards. The potential of poker chips, maybe some other more like wearable merchandise. Who knows? Maybe it'll turn into metaverse wearables. I don't want to promise anything. One other thing I don't want to promise, but I thought was a really clever idea that someone had presented to me last night at the event was what if there were either a few pop ups or even established like, you know, bar speakeasies, whatever type of environment you want it to be in the real world, where if you are a Royal Society player, you get free entry, you just show your card on your phone or whatever it is. I mean, that's the whole point of these NFTs with digital access, you know, gain a membership. But let's say you don't have one. Well, it's not that you're not invited. You might just have a $1000 cover charge.
Speaker A: Love it.
Speaker D: You laugh, right? But here's the thing that will create like this feeling of missing out. And it will in a sense be another opportunity or outlet for bridging the NFT community with the real world and kind of introducing more people into this space. Who's to say we don't get like some right through landmark ventures connections? Who's to say we don't get some really prominent entertainer to be, you know, the, the main act or the main attraction inside this physical venue? And then you find ja rule now? Yeah, why not? I mean, any DeVito would be a.
Speaker C: Good $1.6 million is a hell of a first round of funding. Let's just put it that way.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's true. This question is a good one. I thought so. Curious on the royal competitions thinking like top shot challenge with a timeframe to acquire a hand or whatever that might be. Is that kind of something that's in the work?
Speaker D: Yes, that is. That was the inspiration for ZK 85, was the top shot challenges and thinking how we could transform those into something with, you know, playing cards, poker hands, things like that. One thing that is important to point out is that, again, we already said that these are all, like, pieces of fine art, you know, hand design professionally designed by an illustrious playing card artist. However, in addition to that, I think it's also important to mention that just because you get a two of diamonds or, you know, say you have two seven off suit in poker, that's the worst hand within the Royal Society of players. We already are, like, aware of that. We're taking that into consideration. And so we really are going to strive to have, like, all playing cards have similar value. Right? Like, granted, the jokers are always going to have the most value because they're the most rare. And if you have, you know, pocket aces, or say, you maybe even have, like, six aces, you're probably sitting in a pretty good spot down the line for when we do some sort of royal competition that involves face cards and aces. But there will also be royal competitions that involve what some would determine to be the lesser cards. So you may think when you get that, you know, two of diamonds, you know, let me just throw that on the floor and get my investment back. All the power to you. But we're just advising that we are understanding of that sentiment and we are going to challenge it.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, I think that's a really good point because, I mean, you can do so much with any of these cards, necessarily. Oh, I have an ace. It's the best. But you can do so much with anything with this. Like, you create these challenges. It could be a, you know, shit hand challenge. Like, you know, whatever. Whatever you want to do. It could be three of a kind. Freeze, like, you know, something. Something like that. Super interesting. A lot of possibilities. So one more question here. Will there be challenges?
Speaker C: Half x, by the way, since we've started?
Speaker A: Yeah, something. Is something else dropping at the same.
Speaker D: Is something else dropping now pudgy penguins is dropping.
Speaker B: That's what it was, yeah.
Speaker C: Oh, man.
Speaker B: Something else.
Speaker A: Will the challenges be where one holder of a card gets their benefit from that if they don't want to sell their card, but they can't afford to buy a second. So, basically, will there be benefits to only having one card? Right, is how I see that will.
Speaker D: Be your introduction to the, you know, the Royal Society of players. So you will have all the same access to in person events and opportunities, as well as the metaverse side of things. When it comes to royal competitions, I believe it is going to be more geared towards poker hands. So holding on to only 1 may limit your opportunity with those.
Speaker A: Got it. Um, Tank had one more good question here. Uh, how many traits per card are we looking at? Yep.
Speaker D: Oh, see, I don't even know if I'm supposed to be revealing this yet.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker D: There are going to be rarity traits. It is already been, uh, there already have been conversations. So we will be introduced to rarity tools, uh, in probably the next 24 hours. But, yeah, I don't feel comfortable disclosing how many traits total there are.
Speaker A: Will there be. Maybe you can answer this. Will there be, you know, four traits, five traits, six traits, seven trait cards? Will they go like that, or will they all have kind of the same number of traits and just a different rarity between those?
Speaker D: There will be cards that have more or less traits than others.
Speaker A: Got it. Okay. That's a good. That's a good one. Which. That's always fun because you see, like, you know, the four trait apes hold a premium over other apes and, you know, things like that. Des, you're bursting at the seams again.
Speaker C: No, no, I just. It's funny that that is a really big discussion. And I remember, like, our four trait apes. Worth it. I mean, they're so clean, but, like, they have less. It's just funny. We decided against that for goats, but that was kind of a personal decision. But I. You know, it's. It'll be interesting.
Speaker A: This is.
Speaker C: This is exciting stuff.
Speaker A: I'm.
Speaker C: I can't wait.
Speaker A: Yeah, I kind of want to get done here so I can make sure that it's great. That's so funny. Any other questions that you guys have either chamber or. Des?
Speaker B: I was going to say, because there's going to be a good, you know, 30 minutes before we, you know, we. We meant these bad boys. You should check out a little shameless plug here for our boy Steve, aka nft bark, I want to say. Is that right? Yeah. He put out a great article on what you need to know for this. So kind of over on top, over and above what we discussed today. Hop on to dgen.net work. Check out his article. He gets right in depth into kind of what we were talking about. Maybe a little bit more, maybe a little bit less. But I. At least something new, you know, pass the time when you're waiting, when you're pressing f five and refreshing your.
Speaker D: Page for a second.
Speaker B: Say again. Sorry.
Speaker D: Scroll back up to the cards for a second. Maybe I can give a little hint without having to be the one that. Yeah. Okay. So I want you to look at the six cards you see here.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: Look at them closely. Not only will you see some differences with the size and colors and things like that, but there's a really important difference. I'm curious if you see on one of them, out of the six.
Speaker A: Hmm. Interesting.
Speaker D: And I'm totally already revealing too much, but we're half an hour from mint, so I think it's okay.
Speaker A: What do we see, boys?
Speaker B: I mean. I know what I mean. I don't know if what I'm seeing is what we should be seeing, but I'm looking at the seven. The patterning background is significantly different than the ten. The two, the jack and the queen. And the king, obviously.
Speaker D: Um, does the seven even have a crown?
Speaker A: No, I was going to say that.
Speaker B: Oh, it doesn't.
Speaker D: Yeah, that's one thing. I didn't even realize that the crowd.
Speaker A: The crowns are different on.
Speaker B: Uh, I just assumed that's. Oh, yeah. But the two does have one, too.
Speaker A: I.
Speaker D: Okay, scroll down a little bit.
Speaker A: It's the queen, isn't it?
Speaker B: There is something about the queen. The mask. It's the matching color to the background.
Speaker D: Only one that has this.
Speaker A: The gold. The gold. The gold writing or the gold. Damn.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: Gilded numbers.
Speaker A: Yeah. Interesting. Yeah. This is. This is too fun. I'm gonna spend way too much money. This is gonna be. But damn it.
Speaker D: That was my little giveaway. For those that are listening to the Djen network right now, quick plug for myself. I've been talking with these guys for a couple of weeks now, and I've just been, unfortunately or fortunately, however you look at it, busy with Royal society of players. But as we are becoming more established, of course, we'll have our launch, our drop out of the way. I will be coming much more involved with Djen Network through my Twitter spaces as well as whatever else these guys can think of. Honestly, I'm open to all of it.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's going to be awesome to have you. So I think one of the definite things that we think would be really awesome is to turn your amazing Twitter spaces, which is kind of hours of content, but you have to be there to hear it. We're going to try to turn those into podcasts if we can. And I think that's really attractive because you can hear basically on demand, all of these things that go down in basically real time, which I think is really cool. So we're looking forward to having you start creating some cool stuff with us and just degen in general. So definitely check us out. So chamber, before we get out of here, should we roll these giveaways?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: So I was thinking about this now. I said that we were the winner, would get something from the NFT graveyard first. So do you want to, do you want to do first place gets NFT graveyard? Second place gets.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Yeah, let's.
Speaker A: In the theme of not all your trash cards are going to be bad to have. Right. Well, the second place is going to be the winner today.
Speaker D: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker A: We'll add a little layer to get of gamble to this.
Speaker B: I feel bad. All right, let me. Tell me if you still see as I go through. So we have 32 participants. You're seeing that. Okay.
Speaker A: What great odds to win one of these cards.
Speaker B: This is really good. So we're going to do two winners. We're going to do four backup winners. So the first winner gets NFT graveyard, second winner gets the card. We'll do a countdown. I think we're good. Let's start this thing up.
Speaker A: Oh, boy. Here we go. Who is it going to be?
Speaker B: This is great odds.
Speaker A: Yeah. Really, really pretty good.
Speaker B: Oh, my goodness.
Speaker A: You came in third and I came in fourth. JP Kaz wins again.
Speaker B: This guy's nothing but luck up is.
Speaker A: You know, oh, my God.
Speaker B: So he wins. He wins the card af under underscore Johnny gets. I'm going to give away a bit bong in honor of my new job, by the way. So that's what Johnny's got. I'm going to send him too because, you know, I feel bad because they're.
Speaker A: Worthless, because they are.
Speaker B: I'm going to send him 100 if I could. But yeah, he gets a bit bong and JP Kaz, he gets the, he gets the card. So congrats to both of you. You know, one deserves a bit more congratulations than the other.
Speaker D: Congrats, guys. Yeah. So they can either hit you guys up, hit me up. I'll talk with ZK 85, figure out how we're going to distribute that.
Speaker A: Awesome. This has been great. I'm super excited to get minting these. Hopefully I can even get some. I don't know if it's going to be, it's going to be a rough couple of minutes at 05:00 so if that chamber you're good on questions, we're good to go.
Speaker B: I'm good.
Speaker D: I'm good.
Speaker B: Yeah, this was fun. It was awesome.
Speaker A: I like these pre drop, hype like shows. Like we're gonna, like what's gonna, what's coming up right now that we're excited about. These are absolutely.
Speaker B: I mean, that's kind of the space, right? It's like, you know, three days from now might not be the case with this particular project, but I'm sure other projects, you know, I don't know how much people.
Speaker A: Yeah. We're all gonna be looking to spend money tomorrow on something else.
Speaker B: We're not selling our cards. I bet you that much.
Speaker A: Yeah. Well, I have a lot of other stuff I can get rid of.
Speaker B: Absolutely.
Speaker A: Exactly. Awesome, man. So, Tyler, thank you so much. Good luck today. We appreciate you taking some time.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker A: And crunching time to. To hang out with us and tell these fine folks here about RSOP. And we are excited to hopefully become some members here in only 27 minutes. So get. What's that?
Speaker D: You guys can become players.
Speaker A: Yeah. I want to be a player. Yeah. Play. I want to be a player that.
Speaker D: Doesn'T get, like, trademarked, I would imagine.
Speaker A: Like, that'd be cool. Yeah. Yeah. Like, uh. I. I mean, players club is just a cool thing. You could have that on your merch. Like a player.
Speaker D: Yeah. I mean, you remember me from. I think we met back in Zed run days, right? A little bit, yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: So, yeah, I don't know if you remember the whole dream team breeders thing, but there was. There was a lot of creativity with the merchandise strategy there and I feel like I can definitely kind of not replicate, but I can take some of that edge and add it to royal society.
Speaker A: Yeah. That's going to be awesome. So, can't wait. So everybody get on the. Again, the website to mint these is Royal Society of players, dot I o. And we don't know exactly where the mint button will be, but somewhere. Check the discord for that if you want to plan ahead. And then, other than that, we're good to go. So thank you very much, Tylere, for me and chamber. Until next time, stay mint.
