Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by the DGEn community network media for the decentralized generation. If you want to connect or to check out more great NFT and crypto content, go to dgen.net work. That's dgen.net work.
Speaker B: Hello and welcome to the mid condition. What the hell episode is this? Chamber? I don't even know. 27. Oh, my God. We are cranking through episodes. We've been doing one a week for that. That means we've been going for six months. Is that.
Speaker C: I think I can't get it.
Speaker B: I think there's almost next week will be six months then. That's wild. Joined as always, with my esteemed colleague and co host, Chamber. And Des, you are showing some extreme dedication today, joining us from the car. So we appreciate you hanging out with us this afternoon.
Speaker A: No, I'm actually at home. I just wanted ghost to be the face today. It's just to get a little bit.
Speaker B: That's awesome. Yeah, we. We've got a lot to talk about. Chamber, how are you doing? What do you got going on there? You got a little setup like a. Is it next to you? So you can just. Your phone.
Speaker C: The phone right here. Oh, can you see that? Yeah, my phone's always kind of right in my face. So I have, in my office, I have like four computer screens going all the time.
Speaker B: You have that many screens?
Speaker C: Yeah. Like with, like, with new work now it's. I had to add an addition.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker C: To my, to my command center because.
Speaker B: One'S got to stay on Opensea.
Speaker C: Is that one is always on OpenSea 100% of the time.
Speaker B: That's funny.
Speaker C: And then. Yeah, I always have my phone as. As the, as the fifth screen right here.
Speaker B: That's fantastic. So we've got a lot to talk about today. So we are going to be solo here for the first half an hour and then we have tools of rock. Nft coming on. Tools of rock. Tools of rock. What's up, Sean? Sean Versall in the chat. We are actually going to kick it off with that. Let me, uh, let me throw this in the, uh, in the, the telegram chamber because I got to show it off. Here's the tweet. Yeah. So we are going to talk. We actually have two participants from the digital derby over the past weekend. Des and myself were both in it, representing our stables, myself with high horse and Des with the most mispronounced name in the tournament. I think craft training, they got it right more than people do on Twitter, but.
Speaker A: Yeah, for sure.
Speaker B: Yeah. So there it is. Right smack in your face. The digital derby trophy from 2021, 1st ever digital derby winners, high horse stables. So that is myself, zook from the pony plug, my brother, fear gaming, and the crypto wife, my, my brother and sister in law, the champs are here. The trophy is home, and we are looking forward to defending our trophy whenever the next digital derby happens. Des, quick, let's talk about the digital derby. You were in. It, unfortunately made an early round exit. What was your experience like with the digital derby?
Speaker A: I mean, first off, I need you to cope with the fact that you won this one, but the 110 years from now is going to be worth like $2 million.
Speaker B: We're gonna be like the. We're gonna be like a guys that win the first Super bowl and have to actually sell the trophy for meal tickets because we don't make as much as the guys that'll be playing this 20 years from now. You know what I mean? That's how it's gonna be. But this trophy, when our, when our stable, when our stable eventually has the VH one behind the music and we break up, whatever, someone will sell this trophy for millions of dollars at least. Hopefully, but, yeah. So talk about your experience with digital derby. If you did not catch it, we got to throw the link. I'll find the link to the replay here, Chambers, so you could drop it in the chat. But what was your thoughts, Des?
Speaker A: I mean, gosh, I have not like that felt the most polished that anything has been in crypto or in nfts thus far. I mean, literally, I showed it to my friends, family members. They thought they were watching, you know, ESPN. I mean, literally, actually, the production value I am, in my opinion, was even better than ESPN is now. I just. I was honestly blown away the whole time watching it. Yeah, I made an early exit, and I could have probably predicted that given the fact that, you know, I was brought in as kind of a name and data nerd of Zedrun, but I was competing against the top stables that would make it on my leaderboard every day. So I knew I was a little understaffed there, but honestly, I just, I was blown away with the whole experience. Sean did a phenomenal job and his whole team put together an amazing, amazing broadcast. Yeah. I just can't say enough about it. I just hope next year they invite me back and I do a little bit better, so.
Speaker B: Well, I hope you get invited back as well. You know, you just might have to pick a better horse. I guess I will. You might have to. Look, you're. You are now, you're now a big timer in the NFT community. You might have to go and buy yourself a good racer for that event.
Speaker A: You know, good sports teams in England do that all the time by the studs. I might just have to do the same, so you never know.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think. But I couldn't agree with you more. The production was fantastic. Sean did an awesome job. It was super cool to see the race call. Races called bye. You know, someone who's called the Kentucky Derby. Uh, it was really great. And, you know, I think we might have even just bred the next winner of the digital derby. No, not gonna lie. We did. We bred last night, our z one with a. Another z one from the stud farm. So we got a z two legendary Nakamoto. And it is named Sourdies. And it has about 30 races and it's got ten wins. It's pulling sub ten odds in class one. And it is a absolute monster. So we actually are already claiming it to be the next. The next dank. I know. I think my brother. I think my brother and Michelle have already made it a Twitter account.
Speaker C: That's crazy.
Speaker B: That's what you do when you have a good horse these days. You make them a Twitter account.
Speaker C: Bunch, you sent me a link for a YouTube for the race itself. Is there a time you want me to pull up on this?
Speaker B: Oh, well, I mean, if you want it, if you want to, you could just go to the end.
Speaker C: And that's what I was thinking. Is there. Is there a timestamp on this?
Speaker B: Let's see. I could probably find it for you really quick, but while we're talking or while we're looking for that, Des, you were saying right before the show here that the space is wild today. What are you seeing going on? Uh, in the space?
Speaker A: I mean, yeah, I can kind of feel it, like, surging late last night. You. If you have enough nfts, you just realize it when you start to see all the offers come in. Like, the lowball bought offers and, uh. Yeah, I don't know, something was ramping up late last night. I feel like the whole space was kind of lifting and then, you know, board apes. I mean, went from a 14.5 floor a day ago to now I think it's close to 18. So that's, you know, it's always nice when top lifts and then usually the bottom follows with it. But, yeah, we're seeing a nice little lift in the space. Eth is pumping again. So I think just a lot of excitement and gutter. Everyone's talking about right now about like, what are the blue chips? And so it's really an interesting conversation that's going on right now. I thought someone, someone posted like a really funny idea. Like, when's. All right, when's the next blue chip? Nft. Like just chips that are blue. It's the new, it's the new. My fucking pickle is gonna be the next blue chips, which I think is so funny.
Speaker B: I like Vicki's comment here that her ape is worth seven times her minivan. That's fantastic. That's fantastic. Chamber, if you still have the. If you still have that up. 2 hours, 2 hours, 15 minutes, 25 seconds. And this will be the race against rendezvous peak, I believe.
Speaker C: I'm not even joking. I had it set up already at exactly 2 hours, 15 minutes, 25 seconds. But no, come on. I swear to you, like, I'm going to pull it up right now. It's exactly what I have it as.
Speaker B: We're going to watch Dank and rendezvous peak in the finals here. Meanwhile. So chamber and I just got off a call with our DJ network founders and it was the most expensive phone call I've ever had. All right, let's do this first. Here we go. All right.
Speaker C: You guys ready for this?
Speaker B: For this jelly, you're gonna have the sound as well. There you go.
Speaker C: Full screen.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. Here we go. 100 meters is the distance that they will be traveling here.
Speaker C: Who will it be?
Speaker B: Will it be high horse? Will it be good boy?
Speaker C: Only Travis Stone can tell us.
Speaker B: I'm gonna watch this in real time.
Speaker D: Between someone and the digital derby. Rendezvous Pete and Dank are the two we're going to keep an eye on.
Speaker B: This race was. This race was so close.
Speaker D: Number seven, the digital derby on the line.
Speaker E: Who will it be?
Speaker D: They're in the gate and they're off in the digital derby final. And they're both off to good beginnings. Rendezvous peak a little bit quicker out of there, but Dank is right there too. And so it's rendezvous peak who takes the lead in the very early stages. Once again, this is a longer race. 2200 meters to decide the Derby. Rendezvous peak in front, in front by half a length. Dank is running along in second. Dank is still second, trying to get closer to Rendezvous peak who secures into the final 1800 meters. Can rendezvous peak pull it off? Dank is sticking with rendezvous peak. Not, not letting that one get far behind at all. And here comes dank now.
Speaker B: Check out the odds. Six or 6.8.
Speaker D: Odds with.
Speaker B: We were 9.44.
Speaker D: Dank in front by half a length. Rendezvous peak is running along in second, getting a little bit closer once again. But it is dank in front. In front with 14.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: Travis was a go in the digital derby. Rendezvous peak once again comes on with a challenge. We're heading to the final 1200. Can dank fend off these challenges from rendezvous Peak and win the derby? It's 1200 meters out. Dank the leader. The leader by a neck. Rendezvous peak is grinding out in second. Grinding out hard, trying to come after dank. We're into the final thousand now. It's dank in front by a neck. Rendezvous peak is trying to get by. And here comes rendezvous Peak putting in a run taking over the lead with 900 meters to go and opening up by two. Now rendezvous peak by two and a half. Dank is back into second trying to rally on rendezvous peak. There's 800 meters to go.
Speaker B: It looks like we're going to lose here.
Speaker D: Dank is coming on strongly once again. 650 meters left. It's rendezvous peak in front of the. Has been second and has been close. And it's coming on. Here comes Dank after rendezvous peak.
Speaker B: Come on, get him.
Speaker D: Hold on. There's 400 meters left. Digital derby's on the line. Who's it gonna be? Dank on the outside, nose in front. Dank has taken the lead once again. Rendezvous peak is back into second. But it's Dank opening up by half a length. Does rendezvous peak have one final try? Back in second, it's dank in front. Rendezvous peaks desperately trying to get by. Hundred meters to go. Dank in front by length. Rendezvous peaks second and dank wins the digital derby for the high horse stable by length and a half. Rendezvous peak ran well but was second best.
Speaker B: Was that the first time you watched?
Speaker C: The first time I watched the whole.
Speaker B: Thing, I really wanted to hear on think.
Speaker E: What a feat here. I mean, unbelievable.
Speaker C: We saw the impression production value through the roof, Sean.
Speaker E: Crushing it.
Speaker B: All right, you can. There you go. High horse stable.
Speaker E: Crazy for.
Speaker B: I like, comment here that he liked hearing a professional horse racing announcer with real credibility say dank over and over again. But it was. Dude, it was so awesome. You know, it's like everything that you really hoped that Des or that Zed would turn into and, you know, I didn't think it would be like this quite as early as it is. I mean, we won't. We've been doing this since what does. March is when we got into Zed. Yeah, I think. And think about, think like, think about just how far the whole community has come since then and you know, there's been ups and downs with, with Zed, but I think the, just everything they're doing, the changes that they're making and then things like this that the community are doing, this is just a taste of, I think, what's to come. Did you see zombie boy announced his tournament series? Did you, did you catch that, Des?
Speaker A: No, I haven't, I haven't seen that. I've probably been banned by any other tournaments coming up just from my lack of performance.
Speaker B: But I think you. So I think, I think he's dropping that. Yeah, I think he's dropping tokens and the whole series is going to have like a hundred thousand dollar prize purse or something, which is pretty crazy. But yeah, we're talking like FedEx cup now. That's what it seems like. So we'll see. But that's super exciting. What else is going on? On Wednesday I attended the Royal Society of Players event in New York City and I got, that was just absolutely epic, you know, ZK 85 and Tyler, NFTs Anonymous, they threw a massive, massive party. It was everything that you thought like Royal Society of players should be from like a yemenite, what they made it feel like from an exclusivity level and all of that. So that was super fun. Got to meet a bunch of people from, from Twitter, you know, shout out to economist. I spent a lot of time talking to him. Des, I don't know if you know this, but economist was like slated to be your replacement if you said no, did you know that? Oh, we might have lost him. But, but that is true.
Speaker C: Replacement on the show or replacement in the derby?
Speaker B: Sorry, no replacement on the show. He was like one of the, we asked him to be like as if Des said no to be on the show. He was like our backup.
Speaker C: I completely forgot.
Speaker B: What? Nfts anonymous no, no. Economist.
Speaker A: Oh shit. Okay, well, you might have picked the wrong one there.
Speaker B: You do just fine. Don't worry. And you know, when we ever need, when we ever need dollar store, Des back, Steve will come back on the show.
Speaker C: I got my wrap, by the way. I got my rap.
Speaker B: Okay, good. Wait, so that's the newest news. So we had this djen call a couple minutes ago, right? And on the call we, you know, this did not start about being about gutter cat gang at all. No, at all. It was about like the direction of the network and like what we're gonna do as a team and all this stuff. And then Steve at NFt bark all he kept saying on the call was, you got to get a cat and a rat. You got to get a cat and a rat. Cat and a rat. Cat and a rat. And it was really him and captain Zwingli talking back and forth for about a good ten minutes. And I feel like they thought we were bored in the chat and not saying anything, but really, you and I were scouring open, as we always do.
Speaker C: As soon as I get something interesting.
Speaker B: The call ended with me purchasing a gutter cat, and then you have now purchased a gutter cat and a rat, and we are part of the gutter cat gang. Des, are you a gutter cat gang member?
Speaker A: So the team at Gutter cat has always been super nice to goats. Like, obviously, they are a little bit more blue chip than we are, but they've always. That whole team, that whole community is just phenomenal. So I've been to gutter cat fan pretty much since the beginning. I always go back to that story of, like, there would be no goats without gutter cats. So I'm five deep on both rats and cats. And, yeah, it. I I'm looking at buying more because I truly believe the potential of that is. Is awesome.
Speaker B: So would you say that gutter cats are one of the blue chips in the profile pit game?
Speaker A: What'd you say?
Speaker B: Would you say that gutter cat gang is a one of the, like, top blue chips in the. In the profile picture?
Speaker A: Yes, that is. That is, um, cemented up there that we were, you know, debating earlier, kind of what that was, what blue chip is, but that is no debate. 100% gutter cats are up there.
Speaker B: Interesting. So, you know, what else would you put up there? Obviously there's punks. Obviously there's, uh, you know, bored apes. What else crosses your mind when you think of the blue chip profile pictures?
Speaker A: Oh, man, I'm gonna put my foot in my mouth when you start asking me these questions.
Speaker B: That's what I have to.
Speaker A: I mean, you look at, you look. You look at. I'm gonna piss off half the industry real quick. No, you mean you look up there, and if you do it by value, obviously there's a nice kind of line to be drawn at maybe floors above an eth. You know, I think that's kind of the classification right now. If you look around as far as potential goes, I think, you know, even something we were talking about today which was parallel, you know, depending on what the kind of mission is, the roadmap, like parallel could easily slipped into a blue chip kind of performer and just a stable community I think stability, you know, it's not always value that drives a blue chip stock on Wall street. It's kind of stability. So, you know, it varies. There's a ton of argument to be made on a bunch of projects. Like, even RSOP, not a huge floor, you know, sitting at about 0.21. But I think the stability is there. So, you know, that brings into question.
Speaker B: You brought up parallel and parallel in the past seven days, has done 12,822 ethereum worth of volume. That's pretty wild. The floor price on any card is 0.13. Um, not to be. Not even talking about, like, the special edition cards or some of the other, you know, the masterpiece cards, the prime keys, stuff like that. Like, I mean, there are some monster sales going on for parallel, and that puts them at number two on Opensea for the last seven days, only behind art blocks, which is pretty. Which is pretty crazy. So, um, even in the end, in the last. Let's see where they are in the last 24 hours. 24 hours, they're number two behind crypto punks. And in the last 30 days, they've only. They've launched less than 30 days ago. So this would be interesting. Their number four in the last 30 days, and their drop was July 31, which is pretty wild. So I think you're. You totally hit the nail on the head with what that is. Um, we are definitely going to have them on the show at some point. I meant I was trying to get them on before their drop and they got busy before the drop, but definitely going to have them on. I think it's a super interesting project if you haven't seen it yet. It's like, basically, to me, seems like the next magic, the gathering, what they're doing with some of the AR stuff is pretty wild. Chamber, can you bring up the parallel Twitter page? Because I want to see if we could show people who may not have seen it what the. The AR augmented reality pack opening tests that they're doing are. Yeah. So crazy. It's really, really cool. So, like, when you talk about, like, you know, beyond profile pictures, like, what these games are doing with, you know, things like Zed, and also, I'll tell you right now, as far as community goes, I think parallel community already is just super, super strong. And then when you think about, like, Des, were you a big magic, the gathering person ever did you play?
Speaker A: I have never even touched a card. Unfortunately. I know nothing about the space.
Speaker C: That's what a nerd would say.
Speaker B: I actually have a ton of cards, but I never played the game. So I was gonna say, I'm looking to see if they're behind me, but.
Speaker C: I was a dungeons and dragons guy myself.
Speaker B: I'm sure you were. You sound like you look like a dungeons and Dragons guy. So I was never a big magic player. I was a little bit in, like, 7th, 8th grade. But the trading card market, like, the. Of these games. All right, here it is. Ready?
Speaker C: Check this out.
Speaker B: This is what the AR pack opening looks like. Like, this is insane.
Speaker C: That is wild. Eh?
Speaker B: This is so dope.
Speaker C: And that table's real, right? That's a real table?
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. It's so. It's just like, it's on his desk or table at home.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker B: How wild is that?
Speaker C: That's amazing.
Speaker B: Did you buy your. Did you sell all your parallel cards, though, already? I still have a few left because they are going nuts. Like, if you got any parallel cards, they are worth.
Speaker C: I think they're on sale. Like, I have them. They're available.
Speaker B: They're gonna sell. You must have them listed pretty high.
Speaker C: Which I normally do.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. But, yeah, so, I mean, I think des hit that on head. But, you know, the addressable market for something like parallel, aside from just a collectible piece, is like, you know, I looked up the other day, I think 250 million people play trading card games, like, whether it's Pokemon or magic or flesh and blood or whatever, any of those kind of games, right? So then you mix that with what the crypto market is on, just the speculation and all that stuff. It's pretty wild. Right? So that's one. That's like, one of those ones that I can't decide, like, from what my stuff is worth. I should be selling it, you know, but I haven't. And I am trying to talk myself. I think I did talk myself into not selling them so far, but, yeah.
Speaker C: You seem to be, like, a little bit more. You lean towards keeping as opposed to selling.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, that's. I think we should probably talk about that because I said that before. I am. I'm such a bad seller. Like, I am a collector at heart, right? Like, I actually have, like, attachment to these things that I'm buying and almost everything that I buy. Like, I'm not one of these people that buys every project because I don't give a shit about most of them. Right. Like, I pick the ones I like, and I. It. But that's also hard for me to sell because of that. You're. You're the opposite. I'm the opposite.
Speaker C: The problem with my, you know, the good thing about the way you do it is if you hit it, you know what I mean? You're the type of person that's going to have a 18 eth, you know, ape, right. Or what have you. Right. I'm gonna be the guy that sells a golden ape for like three eth.
Speaker B: You know, I mean, it's still great. It's still a great come up.
Speaker C: Absolutely. So it depends. Like, I don't think I could ever. I would. I don't have any apes right now. I don't think I would have made it to this point unless I had.
Speaker B: I don't think you would have either. I think you did sell too soon, obviously, right? Even too soon on the too soon part. Right?
Speaker C: Even too, too soon.
Speaker B: Yeah, right. Even too, too soon. But, like, so even if you kept for the next piece, I didn't get double digits. Yeah, no, yeah, well, I didn't either, dude. So I sold mine to fund our axie teams.
Speaker C: And I'm sure mine funded something.
Speaker B: Yeah, right.
Speaker C: That's the other thing too. Like, you have to take into consideration, which I, which I don't, is, you know, I forget what I sold my a for. Say I sold it for four ethical. And what did I buy with that? Did I lose on what I bought? Did I, you know, did I, did I do good? Did it, did I, you know, take that four eth and turn it into twelve eth? So those are things you have to track. I don't track it personally myself, but, you know, you can't kick yourself too much if you've sold too early, because if you've taken that, if you've taken that win, because a win is a win, right? Like if you, if you bought it for. If you minted a bunch of apes and you sold them all for one.
Speaker B: Like Des, right?
Speaker C: Like Des. But even if you sold them all for one eth, I mean, really a.
Speaker A: Sensitive topic for me.
Speaker B: Des. We were just talking about, you know, like, me having a hard time selling versus you and chamber, who are sales machines. So, you know, what is your strategy there to kind of combat maybe some of that urge to collect or urge to hold or get too sentimental about your bags? Did we lose him?
Speaker C: He's muted. Unmute yourself, Des.
Speaker A: I'm crying over here. I'm crying over here.
Speaker B: Give me a break.
Speaker E: I'm sorry.
Speaker C: He's holding back tears.
Speaker B: Yeah. So what's your, what's your strategy there when you're like, how do you not get sentimental about your bags? Des is canceled.
Speaker A: It's tough am I canceled? Can you not hear me?
Speaker B: No, I can hear you now. Yeah. You're good now.
Speaker A: Okay. Okay. No, I mean, we were. Yeah, we were talking about this earlier. I get. Get in your mind going into a project, try to figure out a multiple that you're okay with, you know, parting with, and try to stick to it. I know a lot of people, what they like to do is get to a point where they can recoup the costs and then hold long term. I kind of like that strategy as well. So that there's like, you know, no risk. You recouped your cost, initial cost, and. And now you're holding for the moon. That's a good way to do it. And then someone on spaces, I think it was, gosh, I want to give credit to it, but it was, someone on spaces was saying that they, if they ever get to a point where they wouldn't buy it back for that price themselves, then go ahead and sell it. And that's also a good way to do it as well.
Speaker B: That's actually a really good one, I think. Right. Because it doesn't make you. It doesn't force you to be, you know, beholden to some potential arbitrary number or percentage. Right. It gives you a chance to hold a moon bag if you need to or if you wanted to, or. But it's really almost like the gut check, right? Like, would I buy one of these here? And if the answer is yes, then, you know, maybe you don't sell it yet. Would I. Is there no way I would ever buy this? So, like, for me, I don't think I'll, unfortunately probably never have an ape again, which is kind of crazy, right? Like, the upside from a us dollar perspective or eth perspective on an ape. To me, at this point, I feel like we've missed most of it. You know, am I sour I sold my ape? Probably. I mean, yeah. But again, no, that's like, opportunity costs. I was able to do a lot of other stuff with that money that, you know, led me.
Speaker C: Now you're not. You're an NFT mogul.
Speaker B: Now that's mogul. Mogul adjacent.
Speaker C: It only. It only. It only costs the pelt of one ape.
Speaker B: That's funny. But, yeah, I mean, that's. I think that's an interesting thing for a lot of people. Right. And what I think is important about that, too, is there's a lot of people that hold way too long. Like, and then they see it go, we saw this in crypto, right? Like, in 2017, 2018, where you go all the way up and then all the way down with your bag, and you never get to realize the profit. And that's that. At the end of the day, we're getting into these projects. If there's. If you're minting more than one, you're minting to make some money on it, right? Like, it's. If you're buying one, you may be buying to collect, but if you're buying. If you're minting 40 of something or five or two or three.
Speaker C: I'm into 40 of things.
Speaker B: Well, honestly, like, how hard is it to sell 40 of something? Like, it's hard. Like, it's a lot of work, isn't it? Like, listing 40 things on Opensea is a lot of work. Des, do you have an intern for that now or what?
Speaker A: I mean, no joke. It's worth hiring. It's. It, like, I. You know, we kind of joke about that, but it's insane amount of work to look up, you know, the floor of each trait and list it. Whereas, like, if you hired a person to do that for, like, $15 an hour, that's 100% worth it.
Speaker B: Totally.
Speaker A: It's crazy.
Speaker B: But then I guess they would need access to your wallet, huh?
Speaker A: Yeah, I guess that's a good point. Yeah. But, I mean, yeah, I guess you do it with someone you trust and not a person you find off Craigslist, but.
Speaker E: Right.
Speaker C: So don't do that.
Speaker E: Yeah, I know.
Speaker A: I mean, it is. It is a hassle. I wish there was, you know, a service that did that for you. That'd be sweet.
Speaker B: But, yeah, there's a better. I mean, do you use the WGMi IO des?
Speaker A: Hell, yeah. Obsessed with it.
Speaker B: Yeah, me too. It's awesome. And I love it because it. If you pay for the premium, it lets you connect your wallet. It reads all the stuff in your wallet for all the ETH based stuff. So it won't have, like, your chickens, it won't have your. Right. And it'll also sort it all by trait. Right. So, like, you could see what your stuff is worth by the. Like, it'll give you the floor of their best trait. So you could kind of get an idea of how to price it when one looks. So that's worth checking out. The thing I wanted to say, I know the NFT guys are running tools of rock guys are running a tad late here, so I'll bring up this one more topic, because we were talking about this before the show, too, is you also have to be careful of what you're minting at. This point, right? Like, if you're new or even if you're not new, right there. There's so much stuff to go through every single day. The projects are insane. There's just today. Just today. August 20, there are 16 different drops happening. Reaper Hills, sandbox vivi, crazy koalas, art rocks, curated rich kids with a z, the lost glitches, campfire bears, Wayne Gretzky, draftkings, gang of ducks, boneheads, syndicate of beefs, sloths, clown club gang, which sounds kind of funny. Raccoon Secret society, chipto punks, and the hippo pool. And then chicken derby. That's a lot of drops. Chamber. What? Can you even pay attention to that much?
Speaker C: No, I'm out today. Like, there's too many. I'm out.
Speaker B: So that's what I mean, right? It's like, how do you mint any of these today?
Speaker C: Well, what's going to happen? I mean, in my opinion, what's going to happen is, especially for these. I mean, you. You named off a bunch that were pretty parallel to each other. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Like, raccoon secret society versus hippo.
Speaker C: Yeah, exactly. Versus hippo gang or whatever it was.
Speaker B: A hippo pool, right?
Speaker C: And again.
Speaker B: Oh, no. The syndicate of beasts and raccoon secret society. That sounds pretty. I don't know anything about the gang of ducks.
Speaker C: Gang of ducks? Yeah, there was a gang in there. I always thought it was a gaggle, but I think it's geese, actually, now I'm thinking about it.
Speaker B: It is.
Speaker C: But there's so many of these projects, like, a person like myself that might participate is totally. There's so many. Like, I don't know which one to pick. So there's two options. Like, not, you know, participating ones you want or wait until you find out which ones are gonna do well. And again, out of those, 16, like, zero could do well. You know what I mean? Like, they might all sell out. They might all sell out, but the bottom could fall out of all 16 of them.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: As far as, you know, mint. Mint price versus what? It's what the price is going to be in, like, two days from now. So you sit and wait and you find out, and maybe you pay a little bit of a premium if. If you see one is. Is going to have some momentum, but all 16 could flop. And what we're probably going to see, like, you brought 2017 a little bit ago, you know, again, not anything in particular, but I'll use apes as an example. You know, if apes, for whatever reason, starts dropping, going, hey, there he is. If apes, for whatever reason, starts to drop and people start, what we should tell people is don't buy it on the way down. Like, you know, like the floor today is 17 or whatever it is, 18 fucking 20. I don't know, it's a lot. But if it's ten, if it falls to ten, don't buy it at ten. Like it's gonna keep. Like it'll probably keep going. Because we saw that with icos in the past where they were, whatever, $5 and we were like, oh, no, it's $2 now, it's a deal. And that IcO went from five dollars to thirty cents. You know what I mean? So you. You should be aware of when it goes down. It's not a value buy on the way down. Unless. I couldn't even give you an example. Maybe a punk, maybe an ape, I don't know. But there are very few nfts. Once they start to take a dive that will bounce, it will go all the way to the bottom and then it will just stay there for a bit. And if anything happens after that, it might go back up. But wait till it stops falling. It would be my recommendation.
Speaker B: Don't catch a falling knife, if you will.
Speaker C: So many knives. Oh, and you're gonna see it. Like, people are gonna be like, oh, you know, 50% discount. Gonna buy an ape now. I'm like, oh, don't do it again. I'm just picking on apes. It could be a million of those things.
Speaker B: Yeah, I would say apes. Probably recession proof at this point.
Speaker A: I mean, I think we went through an interesting case recently with pudgy penguins, right? One of the most meteoric rises in NFT history. The most. And then you had a real hard correction. And a lot of people, when it was, you know, at three, even e, four people were like, oh, discount. Huge discount. And it went down to 1.2, you know, 1.2. Ethan waves.
Speaker C: It's a.
Speaker A: You know, it's interesting. Now it's back up.
Speaker C: So cheer, right?
Speaker A: Stabilize. Let it stabilize. You're not going to miss the boat. Let it stabilize.
Speaker C: You know, you'll have an opportunity to buy it at a discount. At its true discount.
Speaker B: Pudgy penguins. 1.87 floor right now.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Did you have any penguins, des?
Speaker A: I got lucky. I got really lucky. So, penguins. Penguins happens to be one of my favorite animals. Always has been. And I, you know, I'm a huge. I'll be honest, like, when I looked at the art, I wasn't, you know, too enthused. And it didn't just instantly grab me. But I do have, like, this weird obsession with collecting crowns from each of the, like, different projects.
Speaker B: That's cool.
Speaker A: And so there's a penguin that had a crown, so I bought three of those at, like, 0.2. Totally forgot it was in my wallet. Was kind of feeling the FOMO on penguins, like, was just sorting through my account, and then I found the three crowns, and, yeah, rest is history.
Speaker B: That was good. I mean, dude doesn't miss a lot.
Speaker C: He'll reach out and say, hey, we should get into this, and then it maybe doesn't do as well as we were hoping.
Speaker B: Oh, what was the one the other day? Junkyard dogs.
Speaker A: Did that one do anything right now it's a miss. I still think it's so cool.
Speaker C: I don't think it's. I don't think it's officially a miss yet. I like, it's. It's.
Speaker A: It's just on the border, but it needs. Something needs to happen with it. You know what I kind of missed? I was. I kind of feel like I have a good recipe of just buying into things that have, like, a really good backing, really good support, and boss logic. Did their first drop, and.
Speaker B: Oh, I got two of those.
Speaker A: The gauntlets.
Speaker B: Yeah, I got to, you know, I.
Speaker A: Think it was the high mint price that just really kind of screwed it. But, like, they only got a to 50% mint, which is really tough to come back from. I mean, you have. If you look at the projects that have successfully made it past, you know, a non sellout, they had to either drop their price, they had to shell out the rest of them to the current owners. I don't think boss logic is willing to do that. And so it's going to be interesting. I just. I want to actually see my gauntlets because I think they're going to actually be really cool. But we can't see him until the project sells out, so it's tough.
Speaker B: Cool. I think that. I'll be interested to see that. I think we have JJ here from tools of rock. So are we ready to bring him in chamber?
Speaker C: We sure are.
Speaker B: JJ Lane. Yeah.
Speaker E: What's up?
Speaker A: Destin, that's phenomenal.
Speaker B: Wait a second. Wait. What's the connection here? I didn't know you guys.
Speaker A: No, JJ's been super chill.
Speaker B: We.
Speaker A: You know, in this NfT space, people come into your lives at different times, and he's. We've been talking for a very long time, probably since the beginning, about different projects and different things. So it's just. Yeah, it's good to reconnect and good to see you. He's one of the nicest genuine people in the space, so I appreciate it.
Speaker E: Well, Des, like, here's the thing. I was an absolute idiot when it came to Zedong and apes and everything. That was tip of the spear. And then I would text him. I'm like, hey, what do I need to know? What is this? Like, you know? And, like, you know, I would sound like an idiot, right? And he, every single time, took a lot of time. Thoughtfulness. And it was really funny because he was like, hey, check out this tweet ape. It just got posted, and I know you love the tweet ape, which I had an absolute heart on for tweet apes when it first came out, and. And I was like, oh, thank you so much. And I just bought it. And it was at 0.45. And so let's. Let's all remember that day, right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker E: And so. So I bought it. And then I was like, a day later, we had that crypto crash, right? And we went from 4008 to, like, 2000 or whatever. And I had gotten super lucky that I had cashed my ada out maybe two days prior. And so I was. I was actually a little flush, and all sudden, boom. I was like, there's an ape. This gold teeth, tweed suited robot ape, and it's 1.9. And I just was like, I didn't tell my wife. And I bought it, and I was stressing out. I was freaking out. And I shot it over to Des. It was like, hey, I just snagged this. He's like, what? Why did you buy my ape? He goes, that's way better. And now we all look back and, you know, I now have told my wife that, hey, honey, I spent 5000 on eight back in May, and we didn't have the money necessarily to afford that at that stage. But now she's like, we'll get offers on. She's like, what? A low ball offer.
Speaker B: Disgusting.
Speaker A: She's a keeper.
Speaker C: I'm impressed that your wife knows that much. If my wife knew the. The swings in the amount of money that were going on in my.
Speaker E: She doesn't know all of it. Let's be real, right?
Speaker B: It's so funny. I just got off the call a little bit ago, and I bought a gutter cat just. Just a little bit ago, and I went downstairs and I was like, man, I just had a call with Djen and she's like, oh, how'd it go? I'm like, well, I ended up spending $10,000 she's like, what? I'm like, yeah, I bought a cat. She's like, oh, well, if it's a cat, it's okay. All right.
Speaker E: Like, well, where is it?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Speaker C: Not that kind of cat.
Speaker B: She's like, I thought you said we couldn't get any more cats.
Speaker A: My wife knows my open sea count now, so every morning she'll like, text me. She'll be like, nice sale. Good, good, $10,000. And then other times she'll be like, you, you purchased. You purchased three cats tonight.
Speaker C: It's a lot of cats.
Speaker B: You drunk? It's the blockchain, man. It's all transparent.
Speaker A: You can't.
Speaker E: I can't get it right. Like, I mean, this is. This is my routine every night. This is how I nfpenne. I get it.
Speaker B: That's fantastic. I love the. I love the video game behind you. Is that an autograph Forsberg jersey we got?
Speaker E: Look, you guys have no idea what's in this room. Yeah, we've got. We've got a signed Forsberg sweater right there. And then over here, I've got. You can't see them, but I have two Sidney Crosby sweaters.
Speaker B: Nice.
Speaker E: One that was given to me the year they won the Stanley cup. And it's personally made out to me. And then we've got another one made out for my daughter. And so this room is kind of my mecca. My wife calls it my apartment. She goes, you just never leave your apartment. And she's not watching this right now. She's actually stuck in Ohio for work for the next two weeks. But it was funny. We launched our product, and we've just been so stressed, and we didn't know what happens, right? And we had gone through some. Some legal stuff on the custody stuff, and so we spent a lot of money on that and so stressing. And today I texted her, I said, hey, I know you're stuck in Ohio. I love you. I miss you. But that Louis Vuitton purse that you have been wanting, go find it in Columbus and just treat yourself. So that's because now you know, hey, happy wife, right, boys?
Speaker B: That's it. No, no joke on that. Really? I actually have a story like that. It's not a Louis Vuitton purse, but my wife's been bothering me for a new mattress. And I'm like, our mattress is fine. Our mattress is fine.
Speaker E: Same price.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. And so today we just got our new mattress delivered, and she's like, what? Are you done? So we can go lay in bed. I'm like, all right, all right. And she's like, we got tv to watch. I'm like, all right, cool. But, JJ, thank you very much for joining us. We're looking forward to talking about your project here. Chamber. You got the website up once.
Speaker C: I'm gonna pull it up right now. Hang on a sec.
Speaker B: Tools of rock. So while Chambers pulling this up, JJ, talk a little bit about where the idea for this came from, because I think it's a super cool project. I'm excited to get into it a little bit myself. So talk about the idea.
Speaker E: I want to claim that I was just this inherent genius, but realistically, this thing has evolved so many iterations, and I think this is a testament to doing a project over two months and not doing a project in five days. Right? And it really started. I had a friend who had a. He was unemployed, but had a startup, and he was in the music, like, trying to build something in the music space, and he needed some. Some funding, some startup money is like, look, I'm just not in a spot to help you there, but have you thought of any very talented artists? We thought about doing an NFT, and he's like, no, I don't know what nfts are. And then that kind of got my mind going. I was like, oh, my gosh, I'm telling him to do his own nft. Why am I not mentally thinking about doing my own? And so my father was a touring drummer back in the seventies and was huge classic rock guy. And so for us, it was all about, like, frankly, I wish I knew where, like, the epiphany hit, but, you know, it was all centered to start with around a guitar pick and the first concept. It's comical. If you would have seen the first concept art to what we have today, nobody would have bought shit. And, like, I probably would have had to delete my Twitter account, right? Because, like, this. This is absolute trash. But it really was that iterative process of just working through concepts, and really, the goal was rock and roll music. It's all memory, emotional nostalgia based, right? And when I started the project, we were so heavy and pregnant on avatars, we've now, like, I was, like, terrified that somebody would knock us off, but at the same time, every time I would see art blocks succeeding or I'd see all these other projects that were not avatars succeeding, I was like, oh, my gosh, we might have something here. The market might be evolving to the point where when we launch, we might have some unique timing. And now I look at it, and it's come together so perfectly. But that is 10% me and frankly, 90% of the team that I have because they have just done so many amazing things. And I look, today we launched our mint ticket and our pre sale and our avoid gas problem that we tried to fix. And just the creativity, the agility, it's been something to see. And we're just so fired up because we didn't expect to be innovators. And we sit on the precipice of now being on that. And so I'm just feel, I feel very, very lucky.
Speaker B: Yeah, the midpass was really cool. Talk about what you guys were doing with that. So that launched today at around 115, I believe. Right. So is this, was this solely designed to, you know, kind of avoid gas for a public sale? Talk about kind of how that came to be and what you guys are doing there.
Speaker E: Yeah. So for the first two months and up until last week, we were terrified that we would sell one. And you're like, and someone's, you know, we were talking like, do we do a pre sales?
Speaker B: Like, no, you all have moms. You'll sell at least five.
Speaker E: Like, oh, that's true. 100%. And candidly, my grandma, 90 year old grandmother, my dad got her set up. She got a men ticket, right? My dad bought and or helped. So I created like, a video and kind of educated them. So my dad has a sprinkler company out here in Colorado, and all of his employees, my dad gave them enough eth to buy a couple as well. And so, like, we have a lot of people coming on, right? And so, okay, now, now we're good, but, you know, we'll sell at least 15, right? But it was, it was terrifying. And I was hesitant to do pre sale because I didn't want to face my reality of having a failed project sooner than, than I mentally wanted to. Really, it was like, well, let's just.
Speaker B: 48 hours.
Speaker E: Yeah, let's just kick the can down. It was just this pure fear. And then we, we launched this hype video, and all of a sudden it just went viral and our discord blew up and we started getting so much more demand and we're like, oh, my gosh. Like, maybe we have something, and what do you think? And then we started getting people saying, how are you going to solve for gas wars? Like, you guys are going to sell out? And we're like, oh, my gosh. Like, can you imagine? And it was all born from basically listening to the community saying, can you guys do that? And as a veteran of spending way too much money on gas is like, okay, I feel the pain. I don't want people to. I'd rather have more people buy the product and less on gas. And so we started the development on Sunday of creating this whole process. So we had zero artwork, we had zero structure with zero code, nothing on Sunday afternoon. And just testament to the team. And all of a sudden, we already launched our pre sale. Right. It's crazy.
Speaker B: That's really cool. So I think what struck me about what you said originally was, and I think why people are excited about this project is it strikes on the nostalgia piece, which is essentially what collectibles do, right. And it's, it gets you tied to the project, and that's kind of what community is built around as well. Right. Where you, you get, you have this sentimental value attached to what you're doing here. And there's nothing that is, you know, quite like have.
Speaker C: Uh, oh, you lose them freezing in the middle of a.
Speaker E: Hey, talk about a cliffhanger.
Speaker A: I know. And it's one of those things where I can't even tell exactly where he was going, so I can't finish his sentence. But, yeah, so I have questions.
Speaker E: Um, well, nostalgia, right? We're talking nostalgia and music, I think. Right. But, yeah.
Speaker C: So what do we, what are we getting in this? Like, I, I've been waiting for, you know, a combination of NFT and music for some time now. Can we give me like, you know, kind of explain it to me like I'm a five year old, but like, not a smart five year old. Kind of like a dumber five year old.
Speaker E: I would say, you know, I hate the fact that you're taking my line that I use every day in my day job, which is talk to me like I'm five. You know, it's like the Michael Scott line. Yeah. When Oscar's describing the budget to him and he goes, okay, actually tell it. Talk to me like I'm three.
Speaker C: Exactly.
Speaker A: Give you money to start a lemonade stand. Start there.
Speaker B: Go ahead.
Speaker E: Yeah. So 1st. 1st thing, what you're getting here is something that we want to be highly collectible. I grew up collecting baseball cards and just loving that whole aspect. Right. And it's what draws me and frankly, probably makes me the worst NFT trader because I get something in my bag and then I'm like, oh, I really like this. I don't want to let this go. And now you're like this like perma collector holding a bunch of bags. Right. And so what we want to though, is, hey, let's build something that's collectible, that has super fun traits, that's unique. But I think as you think about this from a broader standpoint, tools of rock, volume one is the gateway drug to music in the metaverse. And that's really my plan is we have these game plans to now expand into the sandbox and have discussions with Decentraland to bring a concert venue, an epic concert venue to those spaces. And while those are going to take time to build, develop, if we're looking at where like the puck is going, not where it's at, it's all about eyeballs. And I picture, I look at things from, you know, we were ha, we all had cultivated Myspaces, then Facebooks, then instagrams, now its tiktoks, right? And advertisers are chasing all of those eyeballs. And so if you can build something in the metaverse, that one, you get a ton of eyeballs, and then two, you can create unique economics for musicians and record labels that right now are kind of getting crammed down because of the Spotifys and the apple musics. And were in the singles culture where we're not buying full albums, we're just buying one song. You can create a really unique synergy where both things come together really well. And so my plan is to build this concert venue, to build this thing and start rewarding our vip holders, which if you own three tools of rock at some stage in the next few weeks, month, we're going to give you a vip pass that's going to get you lifetime membership to the concert venue. But realistically, we see punk's comic is this roadmap of always bestowing value on their investors. And we want to do the exact same thing. And while I don't want to get too far into securities laws and all these different things, it's something that our eyes to create eventually a rock token and essentially create fractionalized revenue streams for our vip holders for the revenue that's being generated in the concert venue, from the advertising revenue, from selling the naming rights of the stadium. Those are all the things. And now we're. And then record labels are saying, hey, we want to partner with you because we're corporate America or we're celebrities and we all suck. And we've proven that we suck at entering, you know, the NFT space because you guys are too sophisticated and you just aren't following for our bullshit, right? And so hey, can you help us do a limited edition for our band here? Or hey, can we do this show? That's what we want to be. And so tools of rock was meant to be the tool to bring the metaverse and music really together. That's very grandiose. That's, you know, it's hard to say because metaverse moves in such a fast timeframe. When I say six months, right, or I say a year, it could actually accelerate and be three months. Who knows, right? Those are the long term plans. But, hey, for right now, let's have some awesome art, let's have some really cool utility. Let's provide a ton of value, and let's connect with nostalgia. So everyone's like, oh, my gosh, like, I. My dad was a diehard Beatles fan, or, I love Led Zeppelin, right? And I want this album cover. And then volume two is, oh, my gosh, I love Nirvana or Metallica. Right? Or blink 182 or Dave Matthews or any of these things, right, that we all connect with progressively worse, by the way. No, I'm talking for myself. I'm a die hard Dave fan, and so Dave will be in volume two.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's funny. I felt like I sent this to chamber the other day. I was like, I think this is something you'd be into because you are a big music guy. Chamber. I also really love the art on these. When you talk about the IP issues of potentially, you know, what, what were that? The hurdles you had to overcome for that from, like, a album cover perspective?
Speaker E: Yeah, perfect. Let me. So real quick, we actually had a call today, just trying to think of my schedule here. Yeah, we had a call today with IP attorney just to finalize, review all of our traits. Our thought process was this, if we just design and build our own album covers, right? If I looked at, you know, queen night at the opera album, but I thought to myself, like, how can we create a derivative of that? And so working with our artists to create our interpretation of something that leverages none of the same traits, nothing. Right? And so some of the things we're thinking, okay, you know, we're looking at, I remember, like, on, like, the Doors album, you know, it's got Jim Morrison on the COVID that we're doing. But one of the things is like, you know, light my fire, right? And so we're looking for every possible way to create very unique, sometimes ultra nuanced interpretations of those albums. And so, you know, let me see if I can share my screen. Hold on. And I can pull one up just to give you guys an example here. Hold on, hold on. Are you guys good with that? Or like.
Speaker B: Yeah, go ahead.
Speaker E: Okay, cool. Yeah, I feel bad. I just want to. This will be a first 1st look for anybody, by the way.
Speaker B: Nice. There you go.
Speaker C: It's exciting stuff here. I hope it's a Dave Matthews cover.
Speaker E: No, you son of a bitch.
Speaker B: I'm a Dave fan so I'll back you up there.
Speaker C: Dave wasn't the one. Dave wasn't the one I was really picking. I was more of a. It was more than the blink 182.
Speaker B: No, come on. F you on that blink 182. Washington, my jam when I was growing up, man.
Speaker C: Hey, you know, we all have. We all have our problems.
Speaker B: Chamber is. Strikes me as one of those guys that was always listening to bands before they were cool and would tell you about it at every avenue all day. Oh, this is cool. So what are we looking at here?
Speaker C: Oh, this is nice.
Speaker E: Yeah. So obviously you guys can see, right? Like this is our copyright review and this is helpful, right? Like we take this shit seriously. We spent a lot of money with a lawyer and we put, you know, packages together to make sure it was covered. So over here, you know, you have your original queen night at the Opera album right here. This is our interpretation of that album.
Speaker C: Interesting.
Speaker B: Yeah. That's awesome. So.
Speaker E: So hold on. Let's see how it sounds.
Speaker C: Let's. Let's talk about maybe some of the better albums of all time here.
Speaker B: I like this, dude. I can see chamber in your discord debating I can see chamber in your discord debating the merits of all of these bands for hours and hours. And like, that's what the nostalgia and community piece brings to it, right? Oh, that's cool.
Speaker C: That's really cool.
Speaker E: Yeah, this is like honestly one of my favorites right here.
Speaker C: I love it. I love that one.
Speaker E: This is highway 61 here, Dylan.
Speaker B: Yeah, this is really great. So I would see. I could totally see how. Yeah, that's awesome.
Speaker E: So by the way, a shout out here to the artist that did this. I'm a big Salvador Dali fan artist. And he had done this is like, dude, this needs to be dollied up, right? And sure, if you notice we've got.
Speaker C: The clock, I love it.
Speaker E: Melting over the edge from Salvador Dali. So like. And so as you really peel the onion back on each one of these. So, you know, exile on Main street, for instance, and no one's seen this. So everyone listening that you guys are getting unseen shit right now.
Speaker B: So there I saw that it was 8500 pieces, right? So are there 8500 different album covers or are we mixing a matching versus.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay. I was gonna say, that's a crazy amount of art.
Speaker E: Yeah, we've. We've had a sweatshop going for the last six months, just producing every album known to man. No, we only have 22 albums.
Speaker B: Got it.
Speaker E: And, you know, we'd love to do more, but this is one of those that each one is the time, and that goes into each one is just.
Speaker B: That's why I was asking. You couldn't do is amazing.
Speaker E: Yeah. So, like, the thought process, right, was we looked at exile on Main street and we thought, what's something that we can connect with here? And for me, it was vaudeville, right, and it's the vaudeville, and it's the, you know, the Barnum and Bailey circus. And, you know, if you watch the greatest showman, right, and you had the freaks, so to speak, right. That's something that we wanted to capture in ours here for just, like, this album, right. And then, you know, you've got the date here, 1972, that was released, and then, you know, it just says rock across. You know, we don't want to do anything, you know, but really, that's more texturization that we wanted to go for, you know, like Boston, you know, this is just something just super spacey and trippy.
Speaker C: All of our father's favorite album.
Speaker E: Right. This is probably my favorite one. Just because. Yeah, I mean, this is just freakin freaking nasty, right?
Speaker C: Which. Which Beatles album did decide to go with? I'm assuming you just picked one.
Speaker E: Nope.
Speaker C: Oh, did I see magical mystery tour.
Speaker E: And so we have three beatles, and they're gonna. Yeah, they're gonna be our. Probably not gonna give away our rarities yet, but. But you can assume beatles are gonna be top. So. So obviously, we have Abbey Road. Little. Little trick here. You got four Beatles crawling up the phone.
Speaker B: Cool.
Speaker E: The pole here. We've got four lines kind of going across, you know, you got. Let's see here. Where's our next beatles?
Speaker C: I gotta tell, so far, my favorite one is gonna be pet sounds. I think I really. Oh, revolver looks great, actually.
Speaker E: Yeah, actually, I apologize. We got. Yeah, so we have revolver here. Wanted to really just go with the pencil sketches. Right?
Speaker C: I love it.
Speaker B: So, JJ, are you going to do.
Speaker A: Like, different derivatives within the derivative? Are you going to just do multiples of, like, one album?
Speaker E: No. So each album will be represented, won't do derivatives of each one, but if so, we've got a collection base. And so I played a ton of Madden ultimate team, and I spent way too much money that my wife doesn't know about, you know, buying packs and filling out sets and all that crap.
Speaker A: Relatively small amount compared to NFT purchase now.
Speaker E: But that's so true. That's so true. Yeah. 15 grand buying Madden ultimate team packs, right? The difference is, and this is like the future of NFTs, right? It's that play to earn and those kind of games are screwed long term because you don't own. And when the second I actually try to sell my FIFA team, my count got banned. Right. So, you know, it's, it's, it's that situation. But for us, if you complete, like, our fab four collection, for instance, what we want to do is, and this is part of floor insulation or protection, but we, you know, to get the reward for completing the Fab Four collection, it's going to require a mix of different traits, like, unrelated to the Beatles, but we're going to have just random things that we pick and choose saying, hey, this is required to own if you want to complete this collection, as well as all Beatles traits. And by doing that, though, we've got some unbelievable, really unique NFTs that will be the rewards that will drop people that have that complete those collections. So here's the. So this is really cool.
Speaker C: The white Album.
Speaker E: So we did the white album and here's. I'm just giving so much away here.
Speaker B: I love it.
Speaker E: So you see these little black lines that are going across here? What it says is, it says the date that the album came out and the city that the studio, the studio it was recorded in was in and it's running across all the way.
Speaker B: That's awesome. Yeah, this is super cool art. So I don't know if you touched on this. What is. When exactly are you dropping? And then what is the price that people are looking at?
Speaker C: Yeah, how do I get all of them?
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. How do we get them?
Speaker E: Yeah. You're going to be fighting with me and my team, too, because every time, like we would.
Speaker B: And all your grandparents.
Speaker E: Yeah, exactly. You're fighting with me, my dad, my grandma and his employees. Guys, that's awesome. 0.069 is our mint price. We named it not because of a sexual reference, because we view 1969 as the greatest year in rock and roll history. And so that's how we basically.
Speaker C: Dave Matthews was born.
Speaker E: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker B: Hey.
Speaker E: Our Dave commemorative set will be releasing next week.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's funny.
Speaker C: I love Dave. I have nothing against Dave. I'm sorry.
Speaker E: Oh, no, no, no. Hey, you know what?
Speaker C: If my wife brought. It's funny because my wife brought it up to me the other day. She's like, how big of a Dave Matthews fan are you? And I'm like, not like, I don't not like him, but I'm like, I mean, I was indifferent. And literally, it was like three days ago, she had asked me that. So when you said Dave there, he's.
Speaker B: Just not too, it's not underground enough for chamber.
Speaker C: I told you I need like a king. I need like a king of carrot Flowers album or something like that.
Speaker B: So. All right. So. .069 yeah, we have 8500 of them. Okay. And then is there a Max transaction? A Max mint?
Speaker E: You know, guys like, you guys are such pros. Like, oh my goodness. This is not your first rodeo. It's clear. No. So we're doing 16 for our max transaction in the primary sale. And the reason I did it, and I'll just share just so people have some insight. And it's not a black box. I mean, one of the things that we've really tried to pride ourselves on is explaining every little thing. Like, we're even going to make an announcement today that like our team participated in the pre sale. We said we wouldn't if it reached 2000. We had a few spots open. And so I said, hey guys, jump in. Like, we're not taking a spot from somebody else, but we just don't want to leave anything left to the imagination. Right. And for us, you know, our entire thought process. Shit, where was I going before I got distracted? What was your question?
Speaker B: Max Mint.
Speaker E: Oh yeah. Multiples of three plus one. And so you need three for the vip pass. And then I thought, let's go, let's get the three. And then we'll give you a chance to buy one more on top of that. But then you're going to feel like you're going to be like, you know what, screw it. I want to buy two more just to get one more vip pass. So we wanted to kind of create those unique incentives.
Speaker B: That's interesting. So and then when is the actual drop? Public sale day, I believe.
Speaker E: And I think we said it on eastern time. I think it's 04:00 p.m. eastern on Monday, is the primary drop. I think based on pre sales that I'm seeing, we won't know 100%. But I'm kind of estimating that of our 1825 pre sales, probably about 80% will probably do three. And so I think you'll, you'll probably see about 3000 to 4000.
Speaker C: Can, I cannot get into the presale at this point. Is it?
Speaker E: Yeah. Pre sales booked. Yeah, we capped it off so you can buy the tickets are. By the way, I got a text. Vaughn Miller, the Broncos, he's on the plane right now. He's flying to Seattle for a preseason game. And I just got a text saying that he's been sweeping the floor of presale. Yeah.
Speaker B: That's amazing. I wonder who, like, Vaughn Miller is trying to get an album cover up.
Speaker E: So, Vaughn, funny aside, so I've gotten to know Brandon McManus really well over the last six years, and him and Vaughn are very good friends. And so I got Brandon into apes. And then, you know, two weeks ago, I was sitting on my desk, oh.
Speaker B: Yeah, Miller buying ape.
Speaker E: Yeah. And I get a phone call. It's like, hey, what's up? I got Vaughn here. He wants to know why you should buy an ape. And it's like, hey, what's up, JJ? I was like, holy shit.
Speaker B: You think Von Miller is mitten chicken derby tonight. I know he's a big chicken guy.
Speaker E: That's a great question. Yeah. And he's like, hey, why do I need to buy an eight? And I was like, look, I mean, you have money, right? But one investment. But let's throw that aside like apes. And I've told a handful of other athletes, is this is apes are engagement, right? And I know we're taking aside from my project, that's fine, because really, this is rising tide raises all ships, and we're all so early and we all are helping and benefiting each other, right? And I was like, this for you. This. This is a different level of engagement. This is a different demographic. This is a chance to build fans, to build, you know, a community, right. That now you tapped into a different market and. And now you're going to be viewed as kind of tip of the spear. And so, realistically, like, really forward thinking athletes should be getting into this, right? Forward thinking celebrities should be doing the exact same thing. And so, yeah, Vaughn freaking aped in now. He's still far down the path.
Speaker B: Don't quote. Go ahead, Des.
Speaker A: Don't quote me on this. But as we were having this podcast today, I'm pretty sure Arizona ice tea made an announcement that they purchased an eight, which is like, what first? Which is one of the first main companies, like, just actual companies purchasing ape. So, like, celebrity?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: I mean, I. But now, if companies start jumping in and making that a part of their.
Speaker B: Branding, when they're going to start putting apes on their balance sheet instead of bitcoin.
Speaker E: Wow.
Speaker C: Yeah, they did. An hour ago. They announced it. I'm just pulling it up now.
Speaker B: That's crazy.
Speaker A: That's crazy. If that goes to other companies. You're telling me there's only 10,000 apes.
Speaker C: Wow.
Speaker B: Yeah. Holy cow. That's. Yeah.
Speaker E: Hey, you know, as I tell everybody, you know, I don't even know how to pronounce it or what the syntax is, but, you know, wag me, right? We're all freaking gonna make it.
Speaker B: We're all gonna make it. We're all gonna make it. That's awesome. So, all right, so before we wrap up here, I don't want it. I want to be respectful of your time. The, let's do one more time. 8500 of these available. There's going to, there was a presale, so you're going to probably have around half of that gone, as you mentioned, and then the price is going to be 0.069, max. Mint per transaction of 16, I guess, right? Or is it four per transaction?
Speaker E: No, four per transaction is only the cap per the mint ticket.
Speaker B: For the mint ticket. Okay. Got it.
Speaker E: Yeah. And we had to cap it that way. I mean, like, when I just did the math, it was roughly, we opened up to 2000. Roughly, it was 8000 divided by two. Right. Or, you know, 2000. That was kind of how we came to it. We obviously didn't want to sell everything, and we also didn't want to over allocate, but, yeah, 16 is the max. Come Monday, I think, you know, obviously, you know, I don't want to be the pitch man, but we know we believe in our product. We really hope that, you know, people meant in, but, you know, it's regardless. We're just really thankful that people are even buying one of our things because I lived in absolute fear for the last two months that, you know, max, like, I had these, like, lucid dreams. I told 500 and, you know, like, obviously it's more money than I had prior, but it was like, we'll sell 500, I'll probably delete my twitter, and we'll just crawl into a hole and we'll just call it a day and, you know, liquidate out of the space and go find a new hobby, sell.
Speaker B: My ape to Von Miller and be done with it.
Speaker E: Well, it's been fun, fellas. Like, take care and we'll catch you on the next rhyme.
Speaker B: That's awesome. I look, I think these are super cool from an art perspective. I think what you guys plan to do with, you know, the metaverse concert venue in the Metaverse, I think all of that is, is super unique. I think you know your point before, I think you're hitting it at a really great time where you see stuff like Rsop that's a little unique, more unique. These art trading cards that have been going wild over today, you know, stuff like parallel, you know, that isn't just a profile picture, right? So I think you are hitting at a really good time in the sense that, you know, we're a little saturated with that stuff and people are still looking for unique art, unique teams that are going to go bust their ass and you're going to get something really cool with it as well. Well, so I think you're hitting at an awesome time for that. So tell everybody where they can find you, the members of your team and what the website is, where they can go on Monday to mint.
Speaker E: Yeah. Awesome. Like, first of all, I realize I'm like the worst self promoter. Like, I was trying to be funny in my name and everyone else is their Twitter shit up and, like, it's classic, right? Like, I'm not too worried about my own Twitter. It's fine. You know, what I'd say is our discord can be found on our website, toolsofrock.com dot. Join the discord. We have a white paper that I took a lot of pride in. I originally was planning to write a white paper, like an s one offering, like I do in my day job, and I was like, oh, my gosh, I'm gonna have to write like 50 pages. Super nuanced. And then all of a sudden, we had some success last week and I was like, you know, I'm only ready to write like eight pages because. So I completely slacked off in the white paper, but I didn't feel like I had to sell it as hard. But what we. We still really took it seriously. We want you to read our white paper before you buy, collect, invest, whatever you want to call it. And yeah, tools of rock.com. and click the discord. And then everything else, like, our team has built. Like the. I am an idiot when it comes to this stuff. Like, I was not good at discord. I got a d minus. My first cs class I ever took. Like a. I'm not the talented person. Like, my team has built something amazing on the discord. Everything you ever want to know about tools of rock is over there. And if you still have questions, you can message me on discord. Find me on twitter. I don't even remember what it is. JJ Lane, maybe, or jjhlane. Always happy to jump on a call with anybody that has questions because you know, I think for us, it's just about onboarding as many people into the space. And if we do, like, all of you guys, like, you guys are just leaders in the space. Like, we all benefit by being so early, being really welcoming to new people, and by really helping people. Because I remember when I joined Zed and I was like, how do I convert money? How do I do this? People didn't say, you're an idiot. They said, no problem. Here's how it's done. And so I think that's maybe the biggest takeaway is, like, everyone here, outside of maybe, you know, the Wolfgang guy, that was, you know, the 19 year old dude, and the russian guys. You know, there's only a few bad guys.
Speaker B: Let's do those pesky Russians.
Speaker E: Yeah. Outside of that, everybody's freaking amazing, and we're all really lucky to be here.
Speaker B: That's awesome, man. Well, we appreciate you coming on. I'm excited for this chamber. What do you think? You excited?
Speaker C: You know me. You know what I'm going to be.
Speaker E: Doing if you shit on Blink 182 again?
Speaker C: No, man, I'm going hard. I'm going 16 Max, as many times as I can go.
Speaker E: By the way, when we release volume two, I am personally airdropping you with the Blink album.
Speaker C: This one.
Speaker E: Well, either that or damn it.
Speaker B: Right? Yeah. That's really funny. Awesome, man. Well, Des, your get your seal of approval, too. I didn't even know you knew JJ, so I was. I was happy that happened. Yeah.
Speaker A: That's awesome. I mean, this is a small space at times, and, you know, it's great when, you know, you connect later down the road, but. No, this is. Sounds like an awesome project. Like you were saying, you know, it is a little saturated in the PFP space right now, so anyone trying to do something new bring you new utility. I'm all for it.
Speaker B: Awesome, man. Well, JJ, thank you very much. Good luck on Monday. Pleasure to have you. You're welcome back anytime. For volume two, I want to see the live airdrop. When Chamber gets his blink 182, let's.
Speaker E: Actually make a thing about it.
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. 100%. Cool.
Speaker E: Hey, thank you guys so much. Pleasure. Des, you're the man. Like, you've been so freaking helpful. You're the guy, right. That I was the idiot. So, thank you. I hope other people have the courage to just reach out and ask for help.
Speaker B: So I'm second that. For anybody. Anybody out there who's new, reach out to somebody, and they'll most likely help.
Speaker C: Reach out to Des, specifically.
Speaker B: Yeah. Actually, all and actually, all refunds should go through.
Speaker E: And anyone with mint issues right now in the tools of rock drop Des is available to troubleshoot truth out. Yeah.
Speaker B: All right, guys, that's going to do it for us. Until next time, stay middle.
