Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am bunchu, alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, chamber. I don't see Des today. Chamber, how are you doing?
Speaker B: I'm doing pretty good, man. It was a busy day. I had a full day yesterday and.
Speaker A: I was exhausted, and that was it. You're just like, I can't.
Speaker B: That's it. Yeah, like, that was enough. So I'm like, I'm gonna. I did some. I did some office work today. Took it easy. My oldest daughter was. Was home sick, so we just chilled out and, you know, we both. We both took a little time for ourselves. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, look, you. It's not like you just took a week off last week or anything like that.
Speaker B: You gotta ease back. You can't just go from going on holidays. We have a. Do you have a long weekend this weekend?
Speaker A: Long weekend for what?
Speaker B: Oh, so we have sometimes, like, we may have the same day off, but, like, the holiday is different. So I wasn't sure if there was like a.
Speaker A: What's the holiday?
Speaker B: So it's Victoria day. Long weekend.
Speaker A: No, we don't get Vicky day off here. Vicky day is something else in the States. It's when we celebrate our friend Vicki in Florida and we all go down to Disney World. But that is not this weekend here. So what is Victoria Day?
Speaker B: It is the birthday of Queen Victoria, I think. I'm not sure. The british holiday.
Speaker A: That's reason to celebrate, if you ask me.
Speaker B: Yeah. I didn't know. I think that was the one before Elizabeth's dad, maybe. I think that's Queen Elizabeth's grandmother.
Speaker A: You sound very confident.
Speaker B: Like 60% confident.
Speaker A: Yeah. Interesting. We have an awesome show today. We actually have a guest. We're going to be talking about another path today with the one and only Paul Jenkins. If you do not know Paul Jenkins tokens, you're going to get to know him. We've actually, you know, I don't know if Paul even knows or remembers this, but Paul was on this same show in another format about a year ago. Chamber. Did you bother to look up when that episode was, by any chance?
Speaker B: I wasn't 100% sure if it was a TMC show or a rec show.
Speaker A: I'm going to go back and look right now. I believe it was mint condition and I will find that out.
Speaker B: It would have been early on, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, that's what I mean. Let's look and see the actual date of Paul's appearance, if I could find it. No, nothing comes up on YouTube when you search us, by the way, so I can't find it. See if you can find it. Chamber.
Speaker B: While we're chatting here, I'm going through my list of episodes here.
Speaker A: But before we get to Paul and his illustrious career and his new foray into another path, let's go down to circles. Circles.
Speaker C: GM, GMGM, everybody. Two quick things. One, haven't gotten an update yet of chamber and his soccer practice. Two, chamber. Did you ask if we celebrate Victoria Day? A thing, celebrating queen of England? No, in America.
Speaker B: Listen, I'm not a.
Speaker A: Not a fool.
Speaker C: I'm not a fool. I'm not a dummy off the monarchy. Just. Just double checking there. If you were asking if we celebrate.
Speaker B: Something, are you talking about the country that needed France and Holland to defeat the monarchy? Is that the one we're talking about? Okay, I just check it. No, sometimes it happens. I want to say maybe two or three times a year, where we will have a holiday here in Canada and the US will have a holiday as well. But they're not the same holiday, but they just seem to match up. I think your MLK day is my family day, I think is an example of that.
Speaker A: What a weird thing.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: It just totally makes sense. We do need to know. We do need to know how the first soccer practice went.
Speaker B: So I had a lot of anxiety yesterday leading up to.
Speaker A: Is this why you took a mental health day?
Speaker B: It was. It was part of it. It was a three pronged mental abuse day yesterday. So it needed, you know, I need. I needed a mental day today. But that was the center prongem was. Was coaching soccer. So, yeah, it was just snow. The anxiety was snowballing leading up to 715, by the way. I don't know, for those of you.
Speaker A: Who have five year olds, like, my bedtime.
Speaker B: Oh, 715 to 815 was the time we were doing this. But that being said, I had on my phone, I had, like, my notes. So I'm very. I like, you know, I like to map out everything for, you know, for the. For the practice. So I had everything kind of broken down, like five minute increments.
Speaker A: Of course, it's your. It's been your process for years.
Speaker B: I've done this forever. But, you know, started. You said hi to the parents, introduced myself, had the kids introduce themselves, and it went. It couldn't have went better, I don't think, for somebody not knowing what they were doing. I left there. I'll tell you what, was not expecting this in the least fulfilled. I was like, I was making a difference in these kids lives. Unbelievable. I was not expecting it. I left. I'm driving home like, that was wonderful. Some kids got hurt, helped them out. They're having fun.
Speaker A: I mean, it doesn't count as helping them out if you're the one who hurt the kids.
Speaker B: Yeah, I know. I apologized immediately, but they are small.
Speaker A: Just making sure that, you know, that that doesn't quite count. Well, all right. Give us the top highlights from the practice. Give us your top, I guess, learnings that you're going to be taking away into next time.
Speaker B: So the highlight for me was I had two highlights. My daughter wasn't the worst player, which was one of my fears going in to the day. I would say she was definitely middle of the pack, so I was happy with that, considering she had zero soccer experience already. I also, I made my assessments prior to the practice based on names on who would be my best players, and I was like three for three. I am so good at finding who.
Speaker A: The really good at assessing talent.
Speaker B: I was just by first and last name, and I was very happy about that as well.
Speaker A: Very interesting. So is this something that you're glad to be doing? Do we need to help out here or.
Speaker B: Absolutely glad to be doing it. You can see the kids were. They loved it. They loved it. They were having fun. They were high five of me at the end of the end of the practice without me asking for it. Yeah, they were. They were pleased to be there. And the parents were nice, too, for the most part.
Speaker A: Very interesting. So, I mean, this. We'll get into more about how we can help out here in the next maybe episode, but I do want to.
Speaker B: We'll definitely need some more help. I mean, I got one brat. I can't continue doing the same thing over and over again. So we'll definitely need to figure out how to choose lineups and this sort of thing, so.
Speaker A: Yeah. But I'm definitely excited to chat with our guest today. I did find the date that we were last chatting with him. Would you like to take a guess? Did you find it? I.
Speaker B: We were talking. I was kind of just going through all of them. No. What is the dates would have been, let me guess, March of 2022.
Speaker A: March of 2022. No, actually, farther, way farther back than that. So episode we've done. We've done 145 episodes of this show, I believe. And Paul Jenkins was episode number 26, 26. August 10, 2021. We were joined by Paul Jenkins last time. For those of you who don't know who Paul Jenkins is, we're going to welcome him here in a second. But Paul has been behind some of the most iconic comics of all time, including Teenage Mutant ninja Turtles and Hellblazer and also the spectacular Spider Man. Paul, welcome back. I don't even know if you remember us, but if you do, welcome back. If not, it's nice to meet you.
Speaker C: Yeah, thank you. No, I do remember you guys. Absolutely. I'm actually very excited to be back is. I'm also football. I coach football. I've done it for many years. I spent my whole life playing. So, you know, terrific. Before we get into any, you know, other sort of conversations, we really should talk about tactics, man. I mean, I gotta help you out a little bit.
Speaker A: This is amazing advice. We, we could not, this could not have been more perfectly timed. Paul, let me give you some background here. Chamber, who is a canadian, he is not a historical soccer fan or nor does he know anything about the beautiful game of soccer. He, last week on the show, was asked to coach his five year old youth soccer league, and he, we basically crowdsourced ideas if this would be a good or bad idea. We actually went and asked Chachi PT and AI how to make him the most effective youth soccer coach. And it's been just amazing content for the show. So this couldn't have been more perfectly timed. I'm curious for you, Paul. Now, having heard that and having that context and hearing how his first practice went, are you surprised? What advice do you have for chamber as a first time soccer coach?
Speaker C: Well, good choice to go with names with five year olds, right? You know, if you've got a little kid that speaks Portuguese and has one name like Rodrigo or Edison or something, that kid's probably brazilian. You definitely want to put them at center forward. So I get a little sense of your choices here, because otherwise, you know, with five year olds, you're basically playing with little sheep. They're like little cute little sheep, and you kick the ball and they just go flying towards it, you know, what can you do to teach them? Well, the basics, really kick it and try not to fall over. You know, make sure that the parents have oranges and good food at halftime and not donuts. Other than that, you know, there's not a lot to really do. Just make sure, you know, in all seriousness, what you want to teach them is when they kick the ball, their job has only just started. Kick it and run into space. And that's what we do, you know, with youth soccer in Britain, we make sure that we teach them that your job only begins when you finish kicking the ball. You kick the ball. You have something to do. You know, this is good advice.
Speaker B: This is great advice.
Speaker C: As I go past a bunch of barking dogs who are the bane of my existence, you guys will get a little chorus of the dogs.
Speaker A: That's fantastic. No worries there. That's okay. We're well used to the background noise on spaces as people come up and participate all the time. But the advice here, I think is sound chamber. Will you be implementing the kick it and go into space or are you afraid that the kids will actually try to go to like, outer space?
Speaker B: Well, that is a, that is a possibility. I did, I did mark that down and it will be. We have another practice tomorrow, so I'll be implementing this post haste. But I must say, the discrepancy, I've watched a lot of videos, the UK based YouTube videos of u six soccer. Like under six soccer versus the north american kids practices is night and day. They are. The UK kids are 20 times more advanced than the north american kids. That would be a little trickier.
Speaker A: Go ahead, Paul.
Speaker C: We teach them two things. Right. When you kick the ball, go into space. So, you know, once you've had the ball at your feet and you've kicked it away from you, your job then begins run to a space so you can get the ball again. And once you start doing it, like five year olds don't like it, you know, they hate doing that kind of stuff. But if you keep going and keep going and keep going, and then the second thing is trapping the ball, you know, trap the ball, make sure you know, because once you've done it for a year or two, it's not what they do in their five, it's what they do in their seven or eight. And I believe that's it.
Speaker A: You're molding young minds. Chamber.
Speaker C: Right. I believe it was Napoleon, perhaps I'm wrong, who said, give me the child until they're seven, I'll give you the man. Okay, great. Well, you got them when they're five, so you still got two years left of stuff today.
Speaker A: There you go. Chamber. I think it was also Napoleon that said, kick the ball and run to space. So, I mean, we should just have Napoleon coach these teams. I think he's, he's got the, you know, almost, almost got world domination, but certainly can, can conquer youth soccer, I would think. What do you think, Paul?
Speaker C: Yeah, he had a lot, he had a lot to say about it. You know, obviously he was the original, I believe, not mistaken my history. He was original coach of Paris Saint Germain. So.
Speaker A: I. Yeah, I think it was also him that said, make sure to bring oranges. I think you should quote him on that one as well.
Speaker B: Let them. Let them eat oranges.
Speaker A: Yeah, but, I mean, this is. Go ahead, Paul.
Speaker C: Well, one little point of order as well. So, Queen Elizabeth, you should have consulted with me before you went on that track. She was real. She was actually, Queen Elizabeth was the great granddaughter of Queen Victoria, not the granddaughter.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: Well, I.
Speaker B: You know what? I'm gonna be honest. That's. I feel pretty good about that. If I just missed a great. But I could have been a bit more precise. And I will. I will use that going forward.
Speaker A: I couldn't imagine a better time to interview. We've got the soccer coach and Victoria day corrections.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker A: This is actually. I'm very impressed here.
Speaker C: Yeah. But we've done well so far, guys. We're ahead of the game.
Speaker A: So we're ahead of the game. We've got. We've got european soccer comparisons here. Chamber, I think, you know, you. I think we've gotten you about as good of advice as we possibly could get from Paul, who's been a lifelong coach and player as well. And then Sophia last week, who gave you the hard truth and broke you down and told you that you don't deserve to hold a whistle.
Speaker B: She broke me down just to build me back up.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's. Well, we'll see. We're going to build you back up. But anyway. All right, let's get into some chatter here. Paul, for those who are not familiar with you, give us a little bit of your background and your career. You have had your hands in some really interesting projects, some really nostalgic, iconic ip in the past. Talk about your career as an artist and a comic book creator and things like that.
Speaker C: Sure. You know, I came to the States when I was young and I was teaching music and drama to learn disabled children, actually. And I went to Massachusetts and it happened to meet a couple of guys. I was playing in a band and the guys I met did an album cover for my bandaid. And it turned out that they needed someone to come and help him because they had sold the rights to this, to the comic, as a tv show and as a toy. I broke my leg playing football, which is pretty typical for me. I mean, I couldn't play with a band for a while, so. And, you know, when you're a musician, you're waiting on labels or whatever. And so I, that happened to be the teenager turtles, and I was the third employee, and it blew up.
Speaker A: We're losing you a little bit, Paul. This thing exploded and we're losing you a little.
Speaker C: I'm getting a second. Let me. Let me fix this for us. Hang on. What is going on?
Speaker A: Yeah, you're better now. We lost you around. We lost you around breaking your leg.
Speaker C: I like playing. Playing football. And so I asked these guys if I could get a job with them, and it was the teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. So that sort of exploded. And then, you know, I worked with them for some time. So I was very lucky because I had a chance to be. To be the editor for, like, Alan Moore, who created watchmen and killing Joke and V for Vendetta. I was Neil Gaiman's editor for a while. And I was a kid. Right. I was really young.
Speaker B: You were Neil Gaiman's editor for a while. Yeah, that's. He's one of my absolute favorite authors.
Speaker C: Yeah, he's. He's a fantastic guy and a very, very nice guy. I actually know some. So Neil was writing Sam. I think he just started writing Sandman at the time. And I actually know some of the behind the scenes stories of why he wrote certain issues. Really? Sandman? Yeah. I was actually there with him for what happened in a couple of the Sandman issues. And then, you know, being Allen's editor was fantastic. I was editor of a book called big numbers, which was kind of like Alan's Kubla Khan. You know, he never finished it, but he didn't finish it because of the craziness that surrounded the art. So I had been an editor for about six or seven years. I became the editor in chief. Then I went to a different company to be the editor in chief. I mean, at a certain point, I had been sitting in England with Alan at his house, which is always a challenge for me because I'm one of the few people I've ever heard of who's actually allergic to weed. I'm definitely allergic to it. So sick. And Alan only smokes weed, or quite often, he smokes that, like, lebanese hash, you know. So being at his house is pretty challenging for me. But we were talking about stories and work, and I said, you know, Alan, I think the way that you think is some of the feelings I've had about how to write comics and do this stuff. And I said, you know, you think I should give it a shot? And he said, yeah, why not, Paul? He's really nice about it. And so I went to San Diego the next year, and I met the editor of Hellblazer, and I said to him, hey, are you looking for a new writer? And I admitted I've never actually written anything before, but he let me try out, and six weeks later, I ended up being the new writer of Hellblazer. So it's a pretty crazy way to break in.
Speaker A: That is fascinating, chamber. I feel like you have.
Speaker C: Well, I was going to stop there, but I'll keep going if you want.
Speaker A: Yeah, I keep going.
Speaker C: So, from there, obviously, I went to Marvel, and I wrote a book with the Inhumans, which won an Eisner award, and then they handed me a bunch of their stuff, so I did that. I worked in game writing for a lot. I wrote a lot of big console games. So I find myself as one of the few people that works across different media doing film, animation, comics, video games, and especially interested in new media. And you can definitely class web three and nfts as a sort of new form of medium, you know?
Speaker A: Yeah, absolutely.
Speaker C: That's how I got where I'm at.
Speaker A: Yeah. I think what's really interesting, as we kind of sit here as participants in this space, and we're looking for, you know, that.
Speaker C: Okay. I have to believe I've been rugged.
Speaker A: No. Can you hear me? Chamber? Can you hear me?
Speaker B: I can hear you.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Sorry.
Speaker A: It doesn't seem like Paul can hear me.
Speaker C: This is. This is. I throw it to you.
Speaker B: I think. Paul, can you hear me? Okay.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: I think what must happen, it happens to me all the time, is you. I think you went from Wi Fi or from non Wi Fi to Wifi, and sometimes it can mess you up. If you just, I think, go down and come back up or exit and come back.
Speaker C: You. Yeah, I'm going to exit and come out. Yeah. Okay.
Speaker A: It could. It could also be me, but if you can hear me, then I don't think that's.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, if he was. If he went for a walk, I do that all the time. If I go outside and then all of a sudden, I can't hear people. Like, some people I can't hear, and some people I can't.
Speaker A: Yeah. It's. It's funny, though. Like, I feel like you forgot the pedigree of Paul since our last interview. And when you hear somebody like that with such a rich history of, you know, working with comics and IP and all this stuff and, like, that, they're so interested in web three as media. Like, it's very, you know, I would say, affirming right. To see that. So I'm interested to talk to him about why he's interested in web three, but tell us a little bit about why your favorite author in the meantime.
Speaker B: So you probably know a lot of the stuff. He's ready. Like, if you ever watched or read coraline, that's a great, that's what I got, like my kid reading. It's kind of like a, like, almost like an adult book, I would say. Good way to get them reading. If you've seen or read good omens, that's another great one. And my favorite ones, american gods is my favorite book. But they also did, I think they did a series on Amazon prime that was really good. But, yeah, he's fantastic. And he did Sandman as well.
Speaker A: Cool. Let's test Paul. Can you, can you hear me again?
Speaker C: Yeah. Hey, you guys, just fine. Sorry about that. I guess I was getting rugged or rugging myself something.
Speaker A: No, no problem. So I was going to say, you know, it's really interesting. Anytime I see somebody with kind of the career path as someone like yourself has, and just this really interesting pedigree of things that you've worked on, experience with media and ip and finding yourself in web three and nfts, I'm curious on what attracts you to the space. As somebody who's kind of seen the evolution of this stuff over your career, what attracts you to web three?
Speaker C: I can tell you how I got into it, and you'll sort of understand me. One of the things that attracts me is just that I have never particularly stuck with one way of doing things. I really like new media. I like to inventory ways of telling stories. And this was date me, obviously, as much as anything else. But, you know, when I, when I worked in, in video games, mid nineties, I think you could say that was new media, really, because, because we were being told all over the place, you know, you can't tell a story with a video game and, and that's just absurd, right? But the industry itself was run and created by a bunch of sort of nerds, you know, that were programmers, right? So they didn't think that, they didn't think it was possible to, to tell stories, but of course it was, it was just a logistical challenge as much as anything else, right. And so, you know, for me, I've always moved across different media. My company actually is called meta Studios, like me, Ta, and it stands for media education, technology and advancement. And so I'm very interested in telling stories in different ways. A few years ago, I was approached by the former head of Disney's digital interactive, Joe Sichter, who I had been wanting to work with for a long time. And Joe asked me if I was interested in coming in to work in NFTs and did I know anything about them, and I had never heard of them. So, you know, the moment that he sort of explained it to me, and then we got together with a company called NFT genius who wanted to release this project called Bitcoin Origins. And the moment I saw it, I was like, wow, you can do all these crazy things with this technology, especially in storytelling. We should be able to use things like mutable assets, assets that change over time to tell time travel stories. And I was particularly interested in treasure hunts because I've had a lifelong, complete love affair with treasure hunts. And so I thought that there was plenty you could do using digital technologies and storytelling to tell really, really interesting stories, using a treasure hunt as a core and using great art and all that kind of stuff. So we did that with bitcoin origins. It was very successful. It was on wax. But at a certain point, NFTG didn't really want to move forward with the project anymore because they had other things that they specialized in the more like marketplaces and stuff like that. So we kind of moved away from it. And now we're back. Now we have another path, and we're going to do this big, worldwide, galaxy spanning story, because I think that nfts and web three can tell, like, a really big story in many different ways. It's almost like a cross media type of medium.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's super interesting. So talk a little bit about what another path is, what your goals are. The idea of this kind of global, worldwide scavenger hunt as a concept is super interesting. Talk about what the project is and how you got to get involved there.
Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. So because I'd done a treasure hunt with bitcoin origins, I knew it would work in the space. We were really. We had a really loyal fan base. But, you know, the origin of bitcoin doesn't necessarily lend itself to a treasure hunt. You know, we did a really good one, but it wasn't that the story was particularly stuck in that treasure hunt, whereas I wanted to do something that revolved around a treasure hunt. And then there's a secondary part of it, and this is just me, right? I found myself writing a lot in the last few years about people coming back together, you know, and there's been a lot of division. I think people are all gaslit by politicians and, you know, I'm an old punk, right? I can't stand politics. It's just self enrichment scheme for politicians, right? And so, you know, I hate it. And so, you know, I fit into this ethos, right? Because I, you know, if you talk about like, decentralization and telling everybody, get lost. Like I said, you know, for a while that this web three and dgen stuff is that's just the new punk, you know, it's like, get lost. Stop telling me what to do. Stop telling me I need to conform to your rules because your rules set you up to succeed. But they don't do anything for me sort of thing, right? Um, so I love the space and I love the people in it. I love the ethos. Um, I was very frustrated by the ton of, uh, crazy projects that just showed up as like, PFP projects. You know, my joke is fluffy frogs, right? Like, I got fluffy frogs number seven. And, you know, here's my fluffy frogs. Go buy it. Okay, great. I just walked off with two and a half million dollars. Your money. You know, I hated that.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm stuck with fluffy frog number 3374.
Speaker C: The problem is, it is rough, right? Because they went down, man, they created. But it was, you know, it was this promise of potential. But what was frustrating to me, in a sense, was that that potential was being promised by people that had never created anything in their lives and had no intention to do so. And I have first hand knowledge of at least two projects. Just because I know the people involved that really set themselves up to just walk off with people's stuff. They never had intention or knowledge or capability of delivering content, whereas I had done that my whole career. So I love the space and I love what it can do. We went through the biggest implosion, you know, obviously, because you couldn't go to bed having bought two nfts and wake up a millionaire. You weren't, that wasn't going to happen every day, you know, but people thought that they might. So they're kind of being gaslit into those types of projects. But now I think you see the projects that are around and they, they're the ones that are standing and they're trying very, very hard. And one of the first things they've looked to is for story. And so a lot of them have reached out to me to help them create their stories. You know, I'm working on a little project called Savage Nation, which is a great little set. They got lovely little characters. We're working on Supernormal, a big korean asian project. We've done some stuff with Izuki, and I'm working with the Oni force project, which is great. Those guys have really turned that around. And then uc, oh, Henry's amazing and has really made something of value. And the one thing I definitely look to like Savage nation and only force particularly, is that those guys always intended to be comics and delivery. And along with me, they share this one kind of ethic, which is the best utility in this space, is storytelling. And so that's what we're trying to do with another path. We're doing this incredible story where you follow the treasure hunt to sort of unwrap the layers of the story. And the treasure hunt goes across the world, and it goes across centuries as you do. So we're telling a futuristic story of mankind just about to step across the next threshold from the, from the agricultural revolution and the industrial revolution, and now we're stepping across into the digital revolution. Here comes Aih. How do we do that? And what can we learn from where we've been that will take us across the threshold? And it's very timely now, obviously, because AI's explosion in the last year and a half has just, I don't know if it's taken people by surprise, but it's certainly woken people up as to the possibilities and the dangers of AI.
Speaker A: I think it has in the last couple of months, that's for sure.
Speaker C: Yeah. It changes so quickly, doesn't it? It's absolutely crazy.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's interesting. So what can people, I just love, I love how dedicated you are to storytelling. I think it's such a huge part of what these projects really need to sustain in the long term, because you have otherwise, like you said, it's just a bunch of promises, right? Like you, you really need to create content, lore, and all of that together starts to create community. And at the heart of it, that's what all of these projects are. They're little communities that hope to be large communities. Right? So I really appreciate your kind of thought process there on why you like the space, what's important to you about it. So going into another path a little more deeply, I love the concept of this massive scavenger hunt type of treasure hunt. How exactly does it work? If people wanted to get involved, what kind of things could they expect from puzzles, challenges? How does the treasure hunt aspect work?
Speaker C: Okay, so what we do is set into a few little pieces, and each of them can give our fans and our audience something to be entertained. So let's go to the treasure hunt first. You know, what we do is we're currently in the place where we're doing, like, practice treasure hunts. We've actually done a couple of them. And the reason that we wanted to do that was to tell the story of where mankind has sometimes gone down the wrong path. So we did a couple of really cool treasure hunts where people followed the clues and tried to solve them. And as they solved them, they learned about the first world war, which was very meaningful to me because three of my great grandfathers were killed in that war. And that war, even 100 years later, affects my family greatly. And so we, as we go, we love to be generous because I don't think there's any reason not to be in this space. So we love to give away free nfts. And we have a place where I think we did something that most people don't do. We have a place where people can come and get, like, a subscription to what we're doing. I mean, if they want to do that, they can come and follow us and sort of buy in. And by buying in, we'll immediately send them physical product, which is something that was always promised by a lot of these projects, you know? Oh, well, if you. You know, if you. If you buy into our project, then at some point, we might give you physical product for us. You know, we have this beautiful hardcover book called Fairy Quest that we give to fans if they want to buy in to help support the project in the beginning. But ultimately, people don't need to buy in. They can just join in and they can have fun with the treasure hunts. They follow the clues. They kind of uncover, usually, locations in the world. So we use all kinds of tricks. We've actually had people go inside. I don't know if you're familiar with the Voynich manuscript, but it's a really crazy. Yeah. Okay. So it's a very crazy old book that was, you know, potentially even had Leonardo da Vinci's involvement. The reason I say that is because it was actually printed on vellum that can be translated located to Florence around about the time of da Vinci.
Speaker B: Just to confirm, this is the same book that has, like, kind of, like, the weird animals and the paintings? Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Speaker C: Yeah, this is.
Speaker B: That's a very Interesting booK.
Speaker C: And our hunters, as we call them, just made their way from the Voynich manuscript into a book called the Rothschild canticles. So they hopped between books, following Alice from Alice in the Wonderland. In other words, you do all these kind of CrAzY fantasy stories. You follow the clues, you piece things TogetHER. We love to do a simple puzzle, which is almost like a crossword or something. Every month or every. EverY chapter, we like to do a medium type of puzzle, which is Just following the clues for this one right now, and then we'll do a much more in depth puzzle. So one of the things that we've set up is as people solve the puzzles, we actually have a portion of our eventual earnings for each chapter set aside for people to win. So when we end up making our sale, everything revolves around the sale of the art at a certain point in the project. And when we make that sale, then a portion of that revenue will go to the people who have helped solve the puzzles. So you can join in. You can just watch. You can watch people solving puzzles. You can join in yourself. You don't have to be the person who solved the puzzle to actually win, because we watch what's going on, and if someone actually gives people clues or comes up with something that's really helpful, then we just kind of note that and we give them a little bit. You know, we kind of divide it into the people that have helped solve the clues. And then the primary thing is that you get to the end of the chapter. Once they've solved the puzzles, you get to the end of that chapter. And so now, you know, we got 15 of them in total. And once you see the end of that chapter, we will release the art. So the art is done by mute, who is one of the great. I mean, he did the art to bitcoin origins. I think in 2020, he was voted one of the top artists in the NFT space. And so he's already done the art. You know, we're previewing it right now. We're showing every week. We're doing on our. In our discord, which is another path, and people get to come and see it. They get to look at the artwork. There are clues hidden in the artwork. There's mints and rarities, and you knock the nail on the head. The big thing here is about community. And we just love to foster, like, a really positive community where people are helping each other with puzzles and chatting with each other about really cool stuff. There's no politics allowed. There's no gaslighting. There's no screaming into the void. Come in and yell about politics. You'll get booted really quickly. So we have the things, we have the element. We have the arthem that's collectible. We have the rarities. We have the community. We do this big story where you follow the treasure hunt, and then this particular chapter's treasure hunt is about exploration. So as we tell the story of exploration and we do this there are twelve basic human ideals and we concentrate on one of these human ideals. It might be like research or invention. And we have these clans, and you can join the clan that you like. If you want to be an explorer, then great, you get to join the explorer clan if you like. There's actually a really cool clan, the clan of water, because water is so integral and important to the human race and how it has been exploited and what's going to happen with it is really important as we cross into the next threshold. So all of those cool things come in and then every chapter, once we've delivered the chapter and people have solved it and now they're moving on to the next treasure hunt. We will tell a story, it's a science fiction story called quantum verse, and we tell that story in comic book form. So it revolves around the clans. And the clans will mean something. We've got hidden clues everywhere that you never know. There may be a clue in what I've told you already. So if people are listening back to it, I may have dropped a clue, who knows? And we encourage people to pay attention at all times so that they can potentially solve the thing. And then there's this one final thing. Underneath all the chapters is one massive, galaxy spanning, millennium spanning treasure hunt. You don't know what it is, you know it's there. And all that you have been told is you are looking for the twins. You're trying to find the twins, and the person or people who can find them can point them out and show their methodology and show us how they found them. And if you find them, then you will win this big prize where we put a pretty substantial portion of our stuff to one side. So it's like the grand prize. I would say that you can't really solve it in one or two chapters. You probably have to get near the end to be able to solve the entire thing, but it's worth it. And when you find out who the twins are, I think people will flip out because the answer to who they are has already been given to you. It's already in what we've done and it will continue to be. So we told you right from the very beginning who they were. You just have to pay attention.
Speaker A: Interesting. I mean, I don't want to give too much alpha here, but chamber and I may or may not be the twins. And chamber, when you jump into the discord, you're going to have to change your, your screen name from political void screamer eth to something a little more friendly. Yeah, it's not going to. It's not going to fly in another path. Discord. This is super cool. I love the concept. I love the, you know, I'd always wanted to kind of take part or build something that resembled kind of an NFT powered arg, which is kind of that alternate reality game which kind of spans the, you know, reality and virtual reality, kind of like parallel paths reality. So I love this concept of these treasure hunts and using, you know, community, almost like, we talk a lot about community co creation, but there's a lot that can be done here with this community gathered, problem solving or puzzle solving. It's funny, we, you know, I tried to help my cousin launch something a while back, and the idea was similar, except it was kind of this arg style game. And we dropped like a few hints of things that I helped him put kind of all over the Internet. And it was really wild to see how people came together to try to solve these puzzles and how, like, feverishly it happened. And, you know, the collective mind together, like, solving these problems in a community was so cool to watch. So I'm really interested to see how this develops. And, you know, I can only imagine what you expect from that, like, this community aspect of working together to, you know, uncover that. Me and Chamber are the eventual keys to the universe, and I've always kind of known it.
Speaker B: I'm gonna be honest.
Speaker A: You know, it's funny, we, we were texting earlier today, and I was like, do you ever just feel like you're the answer to the world's questions? And chamber was like, yeah, dude, all the time. And now we are sitting here giving the alpha live the. Paul, how many chapters are intended?
Speaker C: There are 15 chapters intended. I mean, you know, we have to be able to get there. And the way that we'll get there is if the community really comes in, they love the collective, they love the art. They love that sort of collectible side of it. They love participating in the treasure hunts, they love reading the books, you know, so we've got some stuff in the works. You know, we haven't nailed every single thing down yet because we're trying to adapt as well. We're trying to learn what our community wants. So I think if you, if you specifically lock everything down, you may not be as, as great. And that's the great thing about this space, right, is if you listen to your community, you can actually get better ideas from them than you had yourself, you know? So we talk to the community quite regularly. There are 15 chapters. We want to get there we want to get all the way to the end of it. We will get there. If people come in and do the treasure hunts and buy the collectible cards and join in and do the stuff that we, we love. And I think that that's feasible. We had a ton of success with bitcoin origins, and we were the creative team behind it. So I think that we can recreate at least that. And we've already heard from some of the people that are in our space on discord and saying, this makes me feel like the great days of bitcoin origins. This is so much fun. We got our community back. Now we just have to sustain it. And that's the trick, right? I think it really revolves around the community.
Speaker A: So hopefully, and that strong storytelling aspect is such a glue, I would say, right. When you have that, it's so much easier to form that, that kind of fervent community, I think when they can all rally around something, especially when it's fun to do, right? Like, I mean, we see it happen in just like with the Starbucks discord and what we're doing with the Starbucks Odyssey project, the formation of community and how it happens around these common interests and goals is just so powerful. So I have a feeling with this really cool storytelling element, with treasure hunts and prizes and all that stuff, that you'll be able to do that. Now, where do you see kind of the NFT space? You talked a little bit about your journey so far. You were here for bitcoin Origins, you were here for the incredible bubble mania that we had, and now you're here as the dust is kind of settling and projects are really starting to kind of build on fundamentals and less around hype. Where do you see the space evolving in the next couple years from how you think about media and then maybe how it relates to storytelling in particular?
Speaker C: Well, you know, I have worked really hard to work in what we call new media for a really long time. You know, I speak quite regularly at futurism conventions about the future of storytelling. So I get to hang out with some really, really cool people to learn about the future. You know, what will AI do? What does this underlying technology mean? And there are some massive mistakes that have been made, and there are some really good things that have been done. So I think it's fair to answer that question, to maybe address a couple of the massive mistakes that got made. And I think if we're honest with ourselves and we look at what actually happened and we look at why it happened, then we will potentially see the future of the space.
Speaker A: So what are the big mistakes, you think, that we've kind of lent ourselves to as a space? I'd be curious.
Speaker C: So the power of psychology, right? Like, it is so easy to see if you're willing to accept that you think you. Okay, let's talk about cognitive biases and all that kind of stuff. We're in the weeds now, right? So we've gone from coaching little kids, five years old, playing soccer, to, you know, fundamental, like, crazy stuff about psychology, but we have a lot of cognitive biases, right? So you may hear that and you may say, I don't have any biases, at which point you are falling prey to a bias called the bias bias that holds that we think we don't have any biases. We do. Those biases are developed and we have different ways of approaching them with our rational brain, but those biases are ingrained and they're largely tied to our fight or flight mechanism from, you know, millions of years of evolution. And so what. What happened in this space was that people were told, you can have something for nothing. It's an age old trip, right? Come in, buy into this shitcoin, buy into this NFT series, PFP, whatever. If you buy one, you might become a millionaire overnight. And people so want that to be true because they're based in fear and they're based in the promise of stuff. And, you know that they're worried and they're not sure about how things are going to go. So they invest in that space with the hope of a return that's just absolutely free. But of course, there's no such thing as a free lunch, is there? Right? And so that was a massive mistake of everybody, which is succumbing to greed. And there were these promises that said, hey, just mine is amazing. Mine is the one that will give you a return. Look at the return that someone just got because they got Shiba Inu coin and they bought it at the right time, and they sold it at the right time. But the problem was, you had to have bought it at the right time and sold it at the right time. And when you actually look at it, fundamentally, this business is more pump and dump than the stock market. I mean, it's controlled by four or 500 really, really wealthy people who have all the crypto. They find a shitcoin, they pump it. Other people come in and pump their money into it, and then they dump it and they've got all of it, and other people are left holding the bank. That's a fundamental mistake. Thinking that you will be wealthy by simply investing in NFTs because it couldn't happen, because that would never going to happen. Now, if you could see the NFT space as a storytelling medium that can give you amazing art, amazing story, then you can buy into it because that is your utility. Why were you willing to put so much money into Project XYZ? That said, we're going to do a comic book at some point, and you're like, fantastic, they're going to do a comic book. And my answer to that is, man, I do five comics a month. You know, like, doing a comic book is not that special. Right. And so, you know, thinking that your community is going to end up, you know, you put all that money, time and effort into this community and they gave you a comic book. That's the least you should have expected. And that was the problem. And I think that we, our cognitive biases overwhelmed us and they were manipulated, and we allowed ourselves to be manipulated. And that thing went through the ceiling. Everybody got really, really incredibly excited. It burned really brightly, and then it burned out. And I would maintain that the people it burned out for were the super wealthy people that had all of the crypto in the first place. You just got more of it.
Speaker A: Yeah, super interesting. And I would say that I agree with pretty much everything you said there. I mean, we were talking about it this morning on one of our other shows. And so what's the, so what's the future look like then? I think it's, it's. So how do you, how do we get past that which you just described, which I think is at the heart of kind of what the problem in the space is right now and why we find ourselves where we are. But, like, how does what comes out the other side and what does that look like? What should people expect?
Speaker C: Look at this. We need to start looking at this space as a utility slash a technology slash a distribution platform. It's not, it's not a space any more than websites or a space, you know, we're not sitting there in appreciation of CB's dot, are we? Right, but that's all it was. You know, dot coms were just websites in the end. They were just a utility. Web three is all about provenance, right? It's about, it can be about collectability. It's developed an ethos of community, which is fantastic. We can build upon those things and make them really continue to work, which is what we're really trying to do with another path. You know, we're trying to give people story that's exciting at all times, it unfolds, you get delighted by it. That's kind of the future of the space, is to recognize that it is a method of distributing digital storytelling, digital entertainment, mutable assets, things that change in the future. So let me go back to something I said. You know, I really want to do time travel stories at some point. It's something that we expect to do where you may collect a series of pages, or might be comic book pages, it may be art pages, pieces of art, something like that. That as time goes by, something happens in the story to change the time stream in the fiction. And now you go back and pages one to seven are completely different because there's something that you did.
Speaker B: I like that.
Speaker C: Right. So we want to do that kind of storytelling, and this is the space where it can happen. This is really the space where that kind of digital interactive storytelling can happen because people are buying nfts. You know, just the connection between an NFT and it's unique sort of register. You know, it is the only one of it, you know, if it's mint number 73 of this series, it's the only mint number 73. So we can send information to that if it's a mutable asset, and we can use that information to guarantee we know who owns it. And so this is a technology, right? It's a technology, it's a distribution platform. And we got to stop looking at it as a too much, as a space. The things that we should guard jealously about this space are the community aspect of it and probably how that relates to storytelling. But beyond that, it's a technology and a distribution platform. It's not anything else. And we shouldn't make it something that it's not. It's not an investment portfolio. It's none of those things.
Speaker A: I couldn't agree more with what you're saying here. I think it's. I think it's super important to hear as well, just as like a level set on what we're actually playing with here. Right. It's. It's just better software that does certain aspects of the things you just mentioned better than you could have otherwise. Right. And so, yeah, and that should be the expectation. And what I think is really cool is what you said about kind of like this evolving storytelling. Right? Wherever I have fluffy frog 337 and you can, based on actions that I'm taking in your ecosystem, maybe that changes over time, which I think is really interesting. Last question here, before we wrap up is you've mentioned it a couple times both in your storytelling. And you've alluded to it as kind of in that future media or new media, which is the concept of, of AI. And I'm super obsessed with AI right now. I'm interested in how are you or does AI play a role in this project, and how do you see it? Kind of maybe the future of storytelling as somebody who has a history of kind of new medias.
Speaker C: Right? So there are two things. First of all, you know, I've worked in a lot of comic books. You know, I've worked in comic books for a long time, and people in comic books are flipping out of anger. They're really frustrated. Oh, my God, it's taking my livelihood away. AI is going to take over. And I have a massive respect for people that draw comments because AI can't do that. It cannot. I'm walking along the street with a robot who is programmed by AI, and that's fine. I'm sure it can walk really well, but it can't turn left now because I wanted to on a whim. It can't do that kind of thing. We can do that. The human intellect and the human brain works at a different level, so we should use AI as a tool. Right? It's just a very complicated hammer, and I'm not afraid of it. Right. It can tell stories. Fantastic chat. GPT sounds wonderful. And I've looked at it and used it, but it can't write a screenplay the way that I can. And so I look at it and say, I'm not afraid of it. And I see a lot of creative people that are really terrified of it taking over. So that's, in our industry, in another path. The AI is actually something that's almost like the big bad, but really the AI represents this kind of corporate interest that has really destroyed the world. They call it the greed tocracy, where you've got these giant corporations. How Jeff Bezos can have four, $420 billion of personal worth is so fucking obscene, it's so revolting, because he doesn't need any of that. And here's a guy who has all of that and barely pays any taxes. And here we go. It happens right in front of our eyes. So in our project, the AI is sort of metaphor for this corporate greed. But we are a point, right? We talked about this thing called the singularity. The singularity is the moment where we can't, where the machine surpasses us and we can't go back. But in fact, there's a secondary theory behind the singularity, which is called the soft singularity. And I believe we're in the moment of the soft singularity right now, and that holds that we will inevitably go into the singularity. We cannot psychologically avoid it. Now, we're going there because we've already done too much. We could shut the machines off if we wanted to, if we recognize the danger, but we won't do so, not really. We'll keep them going, and if we keep them going, we'll run into the singularity. So the fiction in our story is about what happens if you. If you do that, if you're just at the point of the soft singularity or at this moment where the machines haven't taken over, but they're about to. And right here, we take all of this coding and we code a way to, like, a thing called a terminal code, and we code it a way to take the machine down, and then we send it out into space, into all the asteroids and planets and so on. And this is our future story, the quantum verse. We actually now, 200 years in the future, we're trying to reassemble the code and take down the machine.
Speaker A: Very cool. I love it. I think it's super interesting. I love the interplay between the past future. I love the whole storytelling as community and treasure hunt aspect chamber. You've been described by family members as a very complicated hammer. So this is just all serendipitous here today. Before we go, Paul, I want to one, thank you so much for coming. This is. It's an honor to have you here. It's really cool to hear your story, hear how you're thinking about the space, what's happened, and where it's headed. I think it's really interesting to see somebody who's had a full career of being on the edge of new media and storytelling participate in this space and hear your thoughts on that. So, thanks so much for coming. Where can people find another path? Where can they find more information on how to get involved? Obviously, we'll have some stuff in the show notes, but where can people go right now if they want to hear about it?
Speaker C: Right? So, first of all, you can find us on Twitter. Another path. 42. Another path for two. And just so you guys know, there's.
Speaker A: Got to be a clue in that.
Speaker C: Just so you guys know, right? Like you guys talked about there before and clues and about the me, the answer to everything. 42. The number 42 shows up, shows up in our stuff, like, constantly. You will find it everywhere. So, you know, and any of you that don't know it's the answer to the meaning of life, universe and everything from Douglas Adams. So you will also find me at my Paul Jenkins, that's my personal twitter. And then you will find us another path on discord. Find our server there. You can find the link to it, obviously on our twitter. I think it's backslash. Another path.
Speaker B: I updated my discord name, by the way.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Maggie Thatcher. Simple. 69.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: 42.
Speaker B: 42. Yeah, I wrote it down earlier. I wrote it down earlier. 42.
Speaker C: I'm going to take you out because my other name, obviously, I'll be followed at Lovemonkey 69.
Speaker A: Incredible. And then I think the website here is anotherpath.net. that's where you can find the website. There's a lot of really awesome things on there about the project, how the puzzles work, where the discord is, what the prizes are, all of that stuff. Anotherpath.net Paul, thank you so much for coming. It's been awesome. Hopefully it doesn't take us two years almost to talk to you next time. Hopefully we can make this happen again real soon. And chamber, any parting words before we get out of here?
Speaker B: I just have one question for Paul. I don't support any football clubs. I want to take your recommendation. Who should I be supporting?
Speaker C: Crystal Palace Football club. So let me give you the pitch, right? For any of you unaffiliated. Yeah, I'm a lifetime Crystal palace fan. It's unfortunately, if you're born there, that's what you've got. But we're doing very well. Been in the Premier League for eleven years straight now. Crystal palace. Why Crystal palace? Well, our colors are red, white and blue. This is for the Americans, by the way, not the Canadians in our, in our group here. If you're canadian, you know, do it to be polite to me. That's a good.
Speaker B: Fair enough. It's the reason I do most things.
Speaker C: Yeah, right. But if you're american, we are. I submit that Crystal palace football club is America's team. We are. We are red, white and blue. We are the Eagles. And we actually have an eagle, or we had an eagle who sadly passed away last year, called Kayla, who would fly down at the beginning of each match and go in the middle of the field. And we are the team in the Premier League with cheerleaders. So I feel that we're America's team. If any of you Yanks are unaffiliated right now, come and join Crystal Palace Football club. We're doing very well right now.
Speaker A: Very interesting, Chamber. I hope that you will be sporting a Crystal palace jersey. The next time we speak. Thoughts?
Speaker B: I'm just looking at them as we speak. Yeah, absolutely.
Speaker A: There we go. That is going to do it for us. Go Eagles. Paul, thank you so much for coming. Everybody else, we will be back on Friday. Reminders up top. Set those reminders for us. Otherwise, check out the rest of our awesome content. We have a coffee with captain coming at you live from Vikon tomorrow morning at 08:00 a.m. then we have lunch break at noon followed by Alpha afternoons. That is the lineup for tomorrow. Check it all out. We've got you covered. Until next time, stay mint.
