Speaker A: I know you moving out of town just hold me in your arms say you try to call me when you feel it down I know it's hard to come around we will try and figure it out unless you saw you too chamber.
Speaker B: Are you feeling sad today? Is that why you suggested this song?
Speaker C: I'm playing sad music until bunch comes back.
Speaker B: Oh, poor buddy. I'm so sorry. Are you okay?
Speaker C: I'm, you know, I'll be okay, I guess. Good, good, good.
Speaker B: It literally, the song is called I miss you, so. Yeah, chamber, you. You misspunched that bad?
Speaker C: I was listening today in the car, and I said, I don't like, this is the song for today.
Speaker B: I know, I know. I know the feel. That's how usually my music listening goes. Except for I let you be the dj here. So.
Speaker C: How was. Have a long weekend?
Speaker B: I sure did. I don't know if anybody else did, and I don't really care, but I definitely did. I had. I was camping for four days right on the shore, Lake Michigan. It was perfect weather. It really couldn't be beat. Like, I did find a tick on my dog today, though, and that was not great. Not a fun experience.
Speaker C: No, no.
Speaker B: But that'll get tested next week. It'll be fine.
Speaker C: I'm sure it'll be just fine.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. But super gross. Pulling a stick off a dog on my bed filled with blood to the brim. Yeah, no, thanks.
Speaker C: Yeah. One of many reasons I don't have a dog.
Speaker B: They're usually wonderful, so I wouldn't worry too much about it.
Speaker C: You know what I saw pulled off? I saw somebody enjoying a dog.
Speaker B: Hot dog or.
Speaker C: No, just a dog. And they were just like. Like you knew that, like, oh, like, that guy really likes his dog. And I was like, oh, well, that's. That's nice. And I really thought about.
Speaker B: Really love my dogs. I really do.
Speaker C: It's. It's nice. But I immediately thought of, like, a hundred reasons why not to get a dog. Yeah, well, so it's. It's tough. It's. It's a tough decision.
Speaker B: You got a dog, bunch? I don't know this about.
Speaker A: I got a dog. I sure do.
Speaker B: You got ticks on that dog. Your dog is cool as mine.
Speaker A: My dog probably has multiple ticks.
Speaker B: Is your dog actually just a tick? Like a really large tick?
Speaker A: I mean, he acts and he acts like one, that's for sure.
Speaker C: Just a blood sucking tick.
Speaker A: He's a blood sucking, money sucking, just total jerk.
Speaker B: Nothing but love and light from this pooch.
Speaker A: And I love him.
Speaker C: I thought you were. I thought you were away today, man.
Speaker A: Uh, no, I'm away Wednesday.
Speaker C: Oh, okay. That's all right.
Speaker A: Wednesday, I thought.
Speaker C: I honestly thought you were away all week.
Speaker A: Uh, that's next week.
Speaker C: Oh, that's next week.
Speaker A: So, uh, this week I go on. We're. Tomorrow morning, first thing in the morning, I fly out to Seattle. We're doing a little forum three off site meeting with our whole little company out in Seattle. So, doing that for Tuesday and Wednesday, and then Thursday morning, I fly right back here. And then I will be here, you know, Friday, and then Saturday I leave for a Disney cruise, and that's my whole entire family. That'll be fun.
Speaker C: Would you like me to come murder you prior to that, or.
Speaker A: You know, it's. I have mixed feelings about it, mostly because I'm very much dreading. This is the first time that we'll ever be traveling via air travel with the children. Yeah. So I have a two and a half and a nine month old.
Speaker C: When you say your whole family, do you mean your whole family or like.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, no, no, the whole family. So it's myself, my wife, my two kids, my two parents, and then my brother's family of four, all going.
Speaker C: I don't know. You guys seem close, so maybe it's all right.
Speaker A: Yeah, we're very close. It'll be fun.
Speaker C: That sounds terrible. For myself.
Speaker A: I'm dreading the travel. I'm dreading the travel. I'm not dreading the actual, you know, trip of it all.
Speaker C: And it's a. And it's a cruise.
Speaker A: You said a Disney cruise.
Speaker C: Have you been on a cruise before?
Speaker A: I have not. I've heard that I just need to bring a couple Tommy Bahamas and just let it. Let it all hang out.
Speaker C: That's good advice for any day, I would say.
Speaker A: That's absolutely true. Yeah. So that's. That's the plan. So I'm out all of next week. I'll be somewhere on the Caribbean. Eating Mickey Mouse pancakes is the plan.
Speaker C: That's good content, though. That. That's content. That's high engagement content. Hashtag.
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, I just don't know if I'll have. I don't know if I'll have reliable Internet. That's the problem.
Speaker C: Do they? I would imagine a cruise ship would have reliable in. I don't. I don't know how Internet works. I'm gonna be honest.
Speaker A: I don't know. I buy mine by the pound here in New Jersey, and sometimes I don't have enough, and I don't know. So I don't know how reliable it will be on a cruise ship. If it is reliable, maybe I'll pop in. Spoiler alert. I won't, but maybe. Yeah, but that's my, that's my next couple days here. And this past weekend, I was traveling, as well. I was up in Cape Cod for a buddy's memorial golf tournament for his dad that he does every year. So it's been. It's going to be a hectic couple of weeks here.
Speaker C: But out of curiosity, what number is that memorial golf tournament? Like, what is it the third annual? Is it the 6th annual?
Speaker A: This was.
Speaker C: I asked because I used to do a memorial golf tournament, and I stopped.
Speaker A: This is actually the 8th.
Speaker C: I think that's as far as I went. That was the last one. Now, did you find a. Momentum was still there for the 8th?
Speaker A: It was actually the biggest we've ever had, so that's a good sign we are gaining momentum. The first time we did it, there was two foursomes, so eight total golfers.
Speaker C: Oh, really?
Speaker A: This time we had 32 people show up. This was. It was really fun. It's not a very serious thing. It's more, you know, it's the weekend. We gather every year. We. We play golf and pay homage. We donate a little money to cancer research and have a good time. So it's not, you know, it's not super competitive. We're not a crazy bunch of golfers. However, there were some ringers that showed up this year and ran away with that trophy. Uh, they. It was actually stack your team.
Speaker C: Are you not a team? Stacker, sandbagger, whatever.
Speaker A: That. We actually don't pick our own teams. They're, like, picked for us. I played with my dad, his buddy, and then another buddy of ours. So, like, I got to play with my dad, but, like, he stuck these two kids that were coming, that were ringers who flew in from Alabama.
Speaker C: I'm telling you, I've. I've been to tournaments like this. Literally, if people are flying in from southern states, oh, you're done. You're done in Canada. We have a lot of Canadians that go down into the southern states to play golf at university and colleges there. And I've been in situations like this, oh, they're coming in from, you know, they're coming in from Tennessee, or they're coming in from Florida, you know, Florida State. I don't know. I don't know where they go. But you know what I mean? Those southern states, they're terrible. South Carolina, we.
Speaker A: So we. We stuck these two guys with the two worst players because modern, we had the four. We had the foresight to anticipate this, so we stuck them with the two worst players and they won.
Speaker C: Yeah. If there's two of them on the.
Speaker A: High comedy, there's two of them on the same team.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah, because, well, part of the reason we did that, though, is, like, you don't want to, you know, just stick them with total. Nobody knew. Right. So you don't want to just, like, be a dick and stick them with total strangers, even though they would have still had fun. But, like, you know, they came together, they're gonna play together, and then next year, now that they know everybody, you can split them up. You know what I mean? But they. The winner of the two guys that they played with were the two worst golfers is also the person that my buddy probably least wanted to win this trophy. Because there's a trophy, it gets your name on it, and. Yeah. And this was so. It was actually really glorious results because the dude leaned into winning the trophy. Was he talking about one of his shots? I love it. I'm all for it. He was in all his glory, like, get it? It was. I wish I could tell you all of the beauty of the weekend, of that part of it, but, like, we only have 50 more minutes. And it was just, you know, the two guys, though, they are, they tell fantastic stories of the round because, you know, this guy that. That did win, he's. He's the same person that I boxed a couple years ago at this event.
Speaker C: I gotta meet this guy. This is.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, so he's got two nicknames. One is Creep. His nickname is Creep. And then he decided he didn't like us calling him creep anymore, so he self gave. So he gave himself a nickname.
Speaker C: I love this guy.
Speaker A: And that nickname is Big Dog. W or d a w g. Big dog. And so Big Dog, we're debating which one's gonna go on the trophy. Is it creep or big dog? He. His nickname is Creep because his last name is Crepo.
Speaker C: All right, so it's not like he's like a creep or anything.
Speaker A: Well, no, but it just so happens he is also absolute creep.
Speaker C: I love this guy.
Speaker A: The first time I met him was at a region meeting for Sam Adams back when I worked in Sam Adams. And we were at, like, an off site where everybody came in, and he was brand new to the company. And we're, like, staying at this hotel, and he walks out to, like, a gathering. Like, we're having, like, a cocktail hour. He walks out to this cat, this cocktail hour, in, like, gray sweats and a t shirt. Like, he was in his fucking pajamas. I'm like, dude, like, what's up? Like, what's up? How you doing? And he just goes, hi. Do you like my creep casual?
Speaker C: Oh, my God.
Speaker A: Dude. The guy is just. He's. But so anyway, the. On the t shirt, like, when these guys are rolling up to play, they see that they're playing with big dog because he's listed as big dog on the play sheet, and there's telling. They're, like, to each other. They're like, oh, mandy, we don't. We probably won't even have to take our driver out today. We're playing with a guy named big dog. Like, he's got to hit this thing a ton. They didn't use one of his shots? Not one. Not a single shot.
Speaker C: I love it.
Speaker A: Big dog.
Speaker C: If I'm ever fortunate enough to come to this tournament, I have to play. You got to pair me a big dog.
Speaker A: You should come. You should make a weekend out of it. It's nice on Cape Cod in the summer. It's a great time. Uh, you could play with you. You would actually. I bet you. You would actually get along with big dog.
Speaker C: I'm right. From everything you've told me so far, I'm. I'm very interested in being friendly with this guy.
Speaker A: He took the trophy home. He sent us pictures. Sleeping with it. He's already taken it out to lunch. Like, he's, um. You know, this guy. I mean, there is just so many stories about this guy. He came to my wedding and may or may not have had relations with one of my aunts. We're nothing quite sure. I'm pretty sure that it did happen.
Speaker B: Is this why you boxed him, Bunch?
Speaker A: No, but it was. It was why I did not go easy on him. I gave him the black eye at the end of it, but the. And then he. He'll write parody songs about it. Like, he. He has at least three chamber. I will send you one, and you will die. There's not a chance to, like, you're gonna die laughing. I kind of want to play one now, but you need the full context of big Dog first. But, yeah, that's. That's what. I love it.
Speaker C: The Legend of Big Dog continues.
Speaker A: The legend of Big Dog. I mean, maybe that might have to be in the episode title. He would. I mean, he'll. He would love that. But, yeah, there's. It's just, you know, I've got a very unique set of friends in that group.
Speaker C: I love it. I love it. I like to see people being. Having friends, having fun. Reminds me all the things that I'm missing. But I get it. I'm getting enough of it just. Just by you telling me the story. So it fills me up.
Speaker A: That's good. I haven't talked to you in what feels like forever. You went to dead man's Cove.
Speaker C: I did go to dead man's Cove.
Speaker A: Oh, God. So hold on, let. Before we hear about dead man's Cove, we have to give anybody out there who hasn't listened to us for years the context of what dead man's Cove.
Speaker C: So I was doing the math the other day, like, how long ago dead man's Cove happened was the year before. It was the summer before we started the podcast, I think.
Speaker A: Oh, wow. Okay, so this is 2017.
Speaker C: I think it was 2017. Okay, so dead man's Cove was. It's not called that. We coined it by that name afterwards. It was a beach front cottage that my wife and at the time, my only daughter and I went to back in the summer of, like, 2017, possibly 2018, and we were there for a week. It was a beautiful time on the shores of Lake Erie. And about halfway through our week, there it was, the afternoon I was taking a nap on the couch, one of those beautiful holiday naps. And my wife.
Speaker A: Nothing like a good holiday nap.
Speaker C: There really isn't. My wife wakes me up looking pretty intense, and I kind of, you know, it's just like, I think something's happening outside, and I look out the window, I look out the back porch, and sure enough, there's. There's boats, and, like. Like, police boats, you know, authoritative boats fairly close to my, you know, my beach. And I'm like, what's happened? She's like, I saw. My wife's like, oh, I saw, like, this family kind of go by in a boat, and then there was, like, yelling after a little while, and, like, kids were yelling and, like, you know, swimming back to shore. And, you know, sure enough, what had happened was the dad went underwater at some point and basically never came back up. So now the police boats are combing the shoreline. And for those of you who aren't familiar with Great Lakes, a lot of the times on these shorelines, you can literally walk out for hundreds and hundreds of feet without it getting too deep. So this was one of those times. And I couldn't figure out for the life of me how somebody couldn't just stand up. You know what I mean? It would be shoulder. You know what I mean? Even if you were 5ft tall, it'd be at shoulder neck level, you know, I'm saying. So, you know, five minutes goes by. I'm kind of. I remember signaling to some of the people on the boat, I'm like, do you want me to, like, wade in? Because nobody was really in the water. Was just kind of, like, driving around, and I'm like, you're gonna get in there. Like, you know, you're like, hey, I'm in. Like, you know, I got my nap in. I'm ready to. I'm ready for action. And they kind of said, no, no, no. Five minutes goes by, ten minutes goes by, and I'm like, well, ten minutes, like, this is not a rescue at this point. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: It's not saving a kitten from a tree.
Speaker C: This is serious. Now, 20 minutes goes by, and I think right around 25 minutes, half an hour, I'm still out there and in my little cove, at one of the ends of the COVID like, I see something kind of floating, and I point over to the, you know, the boats, and sure enough, they go right over. Turns out it's the guy. And then, like, some of the cops come to the beach and they're like, hey, we can't bring them through the public beach, which is kind of where we came. Can we bring them through your beach? And I'm like, well, 1 second. Let me get my kid in the house and, you know, make sure nobody knows what's happening. And, yeah, we'll definitely do that. So, sure enough. Yeah, they, you know, they took the body out, and this was literally in the middle of my holiday. And, you know, my wife did not go back in the water for the rest of the week. I did not let that stop me. I don't think I went in that day, but first thing the next morning in the water, I wasn't letting, you know, the curse of dead man's cove take over my holiday. So we did go back this week. No bodies, blue skies.
Speaker A: It was.
Speaker C: It was great. It was.
Speaker A: It was great.
Speaker C: I was nervous on the Wednesday. I didn't want anything to happen. Was kind of keep it, you know, didn't want to, you know, I felt like it could have happened again, you know?
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, look, it's a weird story, but you became a person of interest and got cleared by the police that you did not, in fact, murder a gentleman on your.
Speaker C: I was sleeping. My wife is my alibi. Totally legit.
Speaker A: What an. What an alibi. I was taking a nap. I bet you no one's ever used that one. You think?
Speaker C: I don't think so. They seem to believe it.
Speaker A: I wonder what chat GPT would do if I asked it to come up with some uncommon alibis.
Speaker C: I've been. I've been using some AI lately, a lot, actually. Um, and I. I need to hear.
Speaker A: About this because you've, uh. You must have been. You must be, like, getting pretty interested in it and. And using it more because you sent me a text the other day and you were basically like, hey, are you proud of me?
Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah. Tell me I'm good.
Speaker A: That's right. Tell me I'm good.
Speaker C: So, you know, I try. I have, uh, a separate social media accounts for my, like, irl job, and I was on mid journey just kind of fooling around. And I'm like, I wonder, like, if I can create, like, kind of, like, cannabis themed things, like, through mid journey. And after a couple of, like, you know, pending review and, like, appeals, like, I was. I'm now able to, like, get anything cannabis related. So I started generating, you know, images and stuff for, like, instagram and I don't know, like, yeah, I've been non stop on it for, like, the last maybe three days and just put. Just.
Speaker A: Just churning it when you say non stop, when you say nonstop on it. Because I am somebody who also has a mid journey addiction, so I can relate. I empathize, feel sorry for your family, all of those things. I mean, how. How much usage are we talking about in the last couple days?
Speaker C: Like three, 4 hours a day maybe? I feel like it's a good amount.
Speaker A: You've caught. You've caught it. You've caught the bug.
Speaker C: Like, it's on there. I paid for, like, the. Just the basic.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, you've. And you.
Speaker C: I don't know. I haven't run out yet, but I feel like I'm, like I'm about to run out at any. I don't know what my limit.
Speaker A: You're gonna run out and you're gonna tap into. What is the basic plan? $10.
Speaker C: $10. I feel like it got me, like, 200. That sound about right? Like, two. And I don't know what theoretically counts.
Speaker A: As a 201 jobs.
Speaker C: I think they're called.
Speaker A: Maybe.
Speaker C: I think that's what they're called or what, you know, but I don't know if, like, every time is, like, you know, every time you. You'll get variations. Like, I'm assuming that's probably a job. So, yeah, we're going to be at 200 pretty quickly, I would say.
Speaker A: Yeah. So the way they actually measure it is what they call, like, rendering hours or fast hours and normal hours. Right. So I don't know. Exactly. I don't have the basic plan. So I don't know if it's a little separate. I'm a. I'm a big addict, and I've got the. I've got the next level up, that $30 plan. Yeah. Which is just egregious, but that gets you, I believe, 30 fast hours or 15 fast hours a month. And so, like, your fast hours are. Have to do with how fast your individual jobs render. Right. So the more fast hours you have, the more speedy jobs you can. You can do. And if you. And by that, like, you know, if you've never used it before, you're talking, I don't know, maybe 20 seconds a render. Like. Right. That's. That's your fast job. But then if you run out of that, you're probably talking closer to, you know, maybe a minute to get your. Your job.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: That's still not too bad, you know? No, it's not. But, like, there. I mean, when you're a super power user, like, I could see that could be you're flying through fast hours. So, um, I. Yeah, I mean, I need to know what your. What you like about doing this.
Speaker C: So it's. What I like about it is, like, getting cannabis content is kind of tricky. So creating you, why? Well, there's only so much of it out there, and if you use, like, if you're making, like, gifts and stuff like that, like, there's. Especially with cannabis in the image, there's just not that much. And so if you can make your own unique a people. I did one the other day that my wife actually helped me out with, and it's just kind of like a vintage motif, you know what I mean? Just this sixties style ad where a chick is smoking weed, and it got, like, you know, not a ton, but I mean, it definitely, like, got likes. And people kind of, you know, it resonated with people. So they think I'm this genius. Like, is nobody really knows how to use AI, at least my industry.
Speaker A: So I'm looking at this one right now. It's actually pretty.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: Like, there. I mean, this is just after a couple days, so I've been. Today I started watching, like, videos on, like, prompts and stuff like that. But it definitely gives you just unique content that most people like. I'm not seeing a ton of it being done right now. Especially, like, in the cannabis, you know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yeah, I bet you that's a pretty unique perspective that you're coming at it with in terms of, like, who's out there making this kind of content for cannabis. Exactly. Probably not.
Speaker C: And I feel like it resonates, too. Like, I think cannabis people like kind of cool imagery, you know what I mean?
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker C: So right now I'm working on, like, a teenage mutant ninja turtle one. And, like, right up to, like, the minute, like, Mackie's. Like, I'm starting up, like, all right, I guess I'll work on this after.
Speaker A: But, yeah, man, I totally understand that feeling. I'm gonna tell you how many mid journey images I've made so far.
Speaker B: Oh, can we guess? Can we guess?
Speaker C: Yes, you can guess, like, total, like, even ones like you've never used before.
Speaker A: Like, just total, like, how many total images have I created on mid journey?
Speaker C: Do you have a start date?
Speaker A: Start date? Shoot, it's. It's probably, man, it's probably, like February.
Speaker C: Okay, that's a good chunk.
Speaker A: If I had to. If I had to put. It's probably end of January, early February.
Speaker C: I'm gonna say, like, 8500.
Speaker B: Oh, I was gonna go 1300. Now I feel dumb. Bunchy, what is it?
Speaker A: So hold on, we've got 1380. 500. Okay, I see. I saw Neil down there. I bet you Neil's got me beat. Neil's probably got me beat. There's probably not too many other current listeners that would have me beat. Even if you're a mid journey nut, the only person I know regularly that has me beat that I talk to is Vicki. Vicki is the mother of mid journey. She's the one that. That got me into it. And I know Vicki is over 25,000 images that she's created. Yeah, I believe I have created lifetime images or lifetime usage. 11,892 images for 217.51 hours of rendering time.
Speaker C: That's wild.
Speaker B: Well, I was off.
Speaker C: I was. That's why.
Speaker A: Yeah. So I'm. I. You know, I went very, very hard into it, as you did. As you are now. I'm trying to pull up my chamber. You can see yours if you go to. If you go to either. How are you interacting with the bot?
Speaker C: Usually on my phone.
Speaker A: Right. But are you doing it in discord? In. In the mid journey discord? Okay, so here's some pro tips for you right off the bat. Right. You pay, I believe, any tier. Definitely in the $30 tier, but I'm not a. I assume you can do this if, with any paid tier, you can actually dm the mid journey bot yourself, right? So like, and then if you dm the bot, you can just do stuff right there in a DM, so you don't need to see or get lost in all of the shuffle of mid journey discord, which is crazy. There are 16 million people in the discord. There are 1.5 million people active at any given time. So the discord's pretty crazy with people prompting inside the discord. There's benefits to that too, though, if you're learning, right? Because you can see kind of what everybody's prompting and what their output is. So it's a really cool place to maybe get some inspiration. However, it gets old pretty quick when you're trying to do your own thing. So pro tip number one, dm the bot and get your own kind of private little version. Pro tip number two, once you start really getting into it chamber like it sounds like you're headed towards, you can actually spin up your own private discord server, like a full on server like we would have for DGen or whatever, but just make one for yourself and you can add the mid journey bot in there and then you can make channels that for like each one of your works, right, so. Or like categories of stuff that you're doing. So like, you know, sixties cannabis, you can have your own channel and it starts you, you can find stuff and things like that. And then I would recommend like pinning the stuff that you like most to go back and reference well, especially for.
Speaker C: Like, things, the prompts, right, because that's where I'm, yeah, like you want to go back, like what prompts that I use to get that stuff, you know what I mean? But I've been watching, yeah, I've been watching like a ton of videos now and trying to figure out just kind of the best way to use the prompts. But this is good though, so. Okay, so I can start a private server.
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker C: So I've already pulled up the mid journey bots. I'm going to start using that now. Where do I see how much I've done so far?
Speaker A: Yeah, so do the command info and you can see how, and then it'll show you what your subscription level is, what visibility mode you're in, if you're public or private, how many fast hours you have, what your lifetime usage is. Okay, so I actually think I'm closer to 15,000 images. My combined usage for relaxed mode and fast mode is about 15,000 inches. I don't know if those are combined things or not. I would think they are, but I'm not sure. So how many of you made a couple hundred.
Speaker C: 90 images so far?
Speaker A: That's pretty good. You're on the way. This is a couple days.
Speaker C: This is like Friday, I think.
Speaker A: Yeah, you're crazy. You got your. You've got the book.
Speaker C: So it looks like I have 200 minutes. Sorry, I thought it was jobs. So it's minutes. You're right. So I have fast time remaining. I have 81 of 200. So I've already done got it.
Speaker A: So you're. So you're just. So that basic one. You have 200 minutes of rendering time per your, you know, per subscription month.
Speaker C: So I've already blown through 60% of it.
Speaker A: Yeah. So the. In three days, you'll be on this $30 month plan. And the 13 hours or the. That plan, that middle plan is 15 hours of rendering time. So it's basically unlimited. You're. You're not going to hit that if you do. I did a couple months in a row and decided that I needed a support group, and I went for help. Stop doing so much. But, yeah, I mean, it's, you know, it's super fun to me personally, because, like, for a couple reasons. One, I'm super creative as a person. Like, I love being creative. And the problem for me with, like, I just had no physical, gifted art skills prior to this. Right. And this kind of allows me to do that mode of art. Right. So, like, it's. It's super fun for me. The other thing, I think, you know, when I showed mid journey to my brother, oh, man, you just doxed your straight docks. Your other artwork.
Speaker C: You can follow me on Twitter. It's the same on Instagram, too.
Speaker A: That's. This is engaging engagement farming at its finest. Look at these. Oh, man, you've got. You've even got some memes going on with some sponge.
Speaker C: That was the other thing, too, is especially on my instagram, I make a lot of reels using. I do a similar thing with. With DJ network, where I'll use, like, a green screen. Like me. Like, meme scene, I guess they're called, like, you know, green screen means. Yeah, exactly. Baby Billy's Bible. Bonkers, you know, but, yeah, so it'll be like, just a scene from a movie, and then you can kind of, you know, overlay it onto something and, you know, like, you normally see unreals, but sometimes it's hard to find the image you want to correspond. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: I see.
Speaker C: So now I can just create it in, like, a 916, you know, aspect ratio. And I can now just, you know, AI a background that I want to go with, you know, the meme.
Speaker A: That's incredible. I mean, this is, you're, you're hitting all of the pros, right? So, like, now you can do it all yourself. You don't have to go and search. I mean, it's, you get exactly what you want, too, once you get at it, you know, you get a little control. So the other thing that's interesting and this is, I think, why it's so damn addicting. I, when I showed my brother midjourney for the first time, he had the same response, and, like, he became, you know, instantly hooked. And he, he, I was like, why do you like it? And he's like, it's basically my favorite game right now. And I was like, what do you mean by that? Because I thought that was very interesting. And, like, when you think about it, it totally is, right? Your goal is to get, the goal of your game is to get what you want out of your prompt, right? And then it's just like this rapid a b testing, like, as fast as you possibly can. So you get something that you like and then you post it and you see if what you like or if what you did gets likes back. Right. Like, so, I mean, it's like this really gamified creation process, which I think is interesting.
Speaker C: Now, is it? My guess is it's probably, like, not taboo, but do people keep, like, prompts to themselves? Like, do you have, like, prompts you don't share with people that work really well?
Speaker A: Yeah. So this is a, this is a hotly debated topic.
Speaker C: I knew it would be. I felt it.
Speaker A: This is a hotline. There are certainly folks out there that update keep. Yes, that keep their prompts private, interesting. And, you know, I understand why you would do that. But then you'll see, like, if you start following a bunch of these AI creator accounts and stuff, they'll actually post their prompts in, like, the alt in the pictures that you could post on Twitter. And so that will help you as well to get some ideas. But, um, I think, like, you know, I get why you wouldn't want to share your prompt if you're, you know, if you've got a very unique style, it's a debate. What are you, where do you fall? You're, you're open prompter.
Speaker C: I don't know. I don't know yet. I just, I just figured some people would. Yeah, because if you have a style, you know, because all artists have a style, whether you're, you know, whatever your medium is, right? Oil paints, realists, even, you know, musicians and stuff, right? Everybody's got a style. So if you have a AI style, then maybe you don't want to share, you know, you don't want to share the recipe because it is so easily duplicated, I guess. Right? Like, you could just, you know, so.
Speaker A: To me, like, the style is what's interesting in terms of, like, what you might want to keep private. Like, because if I'm just, like, showing somebody how to make a red house or the differences between how you can prompt things and, like, get different results, of course I'm not going to, like, gate that. But, like, once you, like, have a style, I get it. Right, because, like, you want to be able to.
Speaker C: Yeah. Cuz it's. It's like, imagine, like, Picasso had a style, right? But, like, unless you were really, really good artist, you know, I mean, like, maybe you could kind of duplicate it, you know, I'm saying? But, like, yeah, if Picasso was using AI prompts and you just had his prompt, you know, you could. You could get much closer to duplicating his art. Like, obviously it's not Picasso, but, like, it'll be pretty darn close, you know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yeah. I'm very excited that you're diving into this because you're gonna start learning all the controversies and tips and tricks that go along with creating this AI artwork. And, I mean, you know, that you could make something and literally say in the style of Picasso, and, yes, it'll get you pretty close.
Speaker C: I'm getting a. Some of the instructional videos that I was watching today. I got a good, like, the way to structure your prompts, you know, scene, medium, that kind of thing, and style so you can do, like, different styles. So I was trying out some, like, you know.
Speaker A: Yeah, there's the hot debate of, like, whether it's ethical to use artists names in your prompt.
Speaker C: Oh, really? Well, see, like, I would say, like, like, there was one I use. I used a, what do you call, like, Wes Anderson style, and it gave me an aesthetic that I was looking for. Do you know? I'm saying.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Is that unethical? I don't know.
Speaker A: I feel like I think less. I would say maybe maybe less. Less than, you know, saying, like, I want a picture of an apple in the style of banksy. Right. Like a living artist. Yeah, right. Like, it actually, like, not a movie.
Speaker C: I see what you're saying.
Speaker A: Filmmaker, a artist, got you, like, in the style of Pablo Picasso. Or Claude Monet or.
Speaker C: I was using Renee Magritte the other day, and it was. It was coming.
Speaker A: Yeah. So there's a hot debate on, like, whether or not you should do that or whether that's all comes well, this is all because of, like, how these models are trained, right? Because there's, you know, all these models are trained off of basically ingesting all of these people's artwork. And so, in theory, it's. It's, you know, using those type. Those people's artworks to train the model to be able to actually, you know, produce something that looks like it. Do you see what I'm saying?
Speaker C: No, I get it.
Speaker A: So I think you. I think you also get, like, with that, like, maybe that's why some people don't share their promise, actually.
Speaker C: Like, when I was putting my prompts together, like, that's why that. That's what made me think of it. It's like, if I get this, you know, dialed in exactly the way I like it, like, you don't necessarily want to share at least, you know, maybe the one out, like, certain prompts, but definitely not the way in which you set up your prompts. You know, I'm saying.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, totally. I mean, I have a. I've kind of developed my own style over the months, and, like, I have my style. I tell people, but I don't give away the exact thing.
Speaker C: You followed me on instagram, and I'm like, I didn't. I didn't realize it was you at first, but I'm like, why? Why do I know this name? Like, I'm like, I didn't accept it or I didn't follow back right away, and I'm like this, and it took me, like, probably, like, an hour later. I'm like, oh, that was bunch. And I went back and followed you back.
Speaker A: Threats.
Speaker C: That's what it was. That's exactly what it was.
Speaker A: Do we have a dead sighting?
Speaker D: Hey, first time caller, long time listener. I just wanted to ask a question to the expertise on the panel here today. Are you aware of any kind of image generation, you know, platform that learns from you specifically, like, takes in all your previous prompts and, like, kind of finds your style within it?
Speaker A: No, I'm not. That's an awesome idea, though. It's. It's funny you say that, because, like, I actually just the other day was thinking, like, I wish there was a way I could export all my prompts, because, like, I don't. I don't methodically, like, save them in a document or anything. Right. And it's like, I wish I could take. I wish I could scrape my discord, which is, I actually was just thinking about how to do this. I wish I could scrape my little private discord for all my prompts and, like, do it my. Do that. What? You're talking about myself. Right? Like, we. I could take, in theory, I could find all the ones I upscaled. And if I upscaled, it means I liked it, meaning I could go then find commonalities and what I did there and really hone in on that. Like, I would love to be able to do that. I wish you could export every prompt that you did. You'd probably have to scrape your. Your account or your discord. Have you done it, tez?
Speaker D: No, but just as you guys were talking about, like, the lack of, you know, unique ownership to when, you know, if the set. If two different people use the exact same prompt 100 times, you know, what will come out will relatively be the same. I think it'd just be interesting as a unique identifier if the model actually learned from your previous prompts and just kind of tweaked everything with a style based on, you know, your previous upscales. So that was just my, yeah, I.
Speaker A: Think that's a really cool idea. I mean, it's already, you know, machine learning as it is. Right. So it's. It would be super interesting to do. I'm going to see if I could. Let's see. Let's see if I could figure out in the next couple days how to scrape my, my discord. And we can see if we can. If we can mess around with that chamber, though, like, you know, now that you're an AI creator, you should be, you should be looking out to apply for hive three.
Speaker C: I was. I was thinking about, is that the 250K contest? Yeah, I was thinking about that. Once I've. Once I've. How long do I have? Do I have to submit one image? Is that what it is?
Speaker A: You can. You can submit, like, you could right now. Just go fill out the application form and submit, like, a link to your instagram or something, and you be in the application process officially. But there are going to be some open to the public style competitions as well, where you wouldn't need to be kind of chosen. You can just be quick to enter almost draftkings esque. Interesting. Yeah. But now you should be looking into trying to make some skrilla.
Speaker C: Is. Is that, like, money? Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah. You don't know what Skrilla is?
Speaker C: Um, I'm not that cool.
Speaker A: Uh, I mean, that the, that's probably so dated. Like, I'm probably the one that's not cool.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's a bit. I did have a question, though. Does mid journey have a video component of.
Speaker A: No. So you, you will want to, you're, you're about to go deep down the rabbit hole, baby. This is where I've been living for the last six months. It's finally fun to have you here. We have scones. Um, and you, you want to go download, uh, Ed balloon? Not disliking everything that we're saying right now. Um, you're going to want to go.
Speaker C: Friend of the show.
Speaker A: Yeah, friend. Balloon. Ed Balloon. Friend of the show. Really? Really? He's just here for, to hear you.
Speaker C: Speak my deep AI cuts.
Speaker A: Yeah, he's here. He's here for your expertise on all matters, tupac and AI. Those are the things that he comes here to listen, to talk about. You want to download something called runwaymliteveregh. Okay. And so runwayml will actually take a image that you create so it can do text to video, and it can also do image to video. The image to video is super cool. So, like, if you took that AI generated cannabis guy eating cereal or whatever the heck he is, and you threw that into runwayml, it would animate that into a four second video.
Speaker C: Really?
Speaker A: Yeah, it's super cool. And it only does 4 seconds now because we're still, like, super early on in just wait six months. But you've seen. Yeah, I mean, maybe less, but, like, here, I'll show you an example. Hold on. Let's see. On a pin. One up to the top. So this trailer from Nicholas Newbert, who is an awesome guy. I had a call with him the other day, actually. This was made with three programs. It was made with mid journey for the images chamber. Then it was made with runwayml. And then he did the cap. Like the captions with cap cut.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker A: Wheelhouse. Yeah. You're going to be creating banger comedy mid journey trailers in no time, I have a feeling. Yeah. Well, Des, have you been played with Runway yet?
Speaker D: No, I haven't, but I'm going to look into it now that you mentioned it.
Speaker A: Mobile app. That's, you could get it right on your mobile phone, and you can go right from your mid journey outputs to runwayml. And it's pretty cool.
Speaker D: What is your, I'm just, what is. I want to actually chamber to guess first, but what is your monthly expense on AI generated platforms?
Speaker A: It's a good question. I cut out a bunch of them. I actually don't pay for Runway yet, but that's because I kind of have out with the company expense, so I get to kind of play on the company one if I want to do that. But the, I pay for mid journey and I pay for chat GPT, and I don't know if I pay for anything else. Oh, I pay for relet right now, which is AI coding, but those are the only things I pay for.
Speaker D: That's less than I thought.
Speaker A: But I mean, I will say you have to be careful. To your point about this, right? The $20 a month, $30 a month, whatever, it adds up really quick when you're talking about ten different tools. So it's a good, it's a good question and also a good, watch out. Des, do you have any in your repertoire that I don't?
Speaker D: I prefer to not say. My bill's a little too high for the public right now, I think.
Speaker A: Really? What the hell are you doing?
Speaker D: I'm experimenting. So I'm gonna do the bunch you method, which is just experiment a little bit, and then, you know, pull it back in a few months.
Speaker A: Yes, that's what I did. So I was doing, I was spending probably like $400 a month. Like I was right now. Yeah, like I was doing, I had, you know, I had eleven labs, which was the voice transformer thing. I had a, some content editing stuff. I had all these kinds of stuff. And then it starts to add up real quick and then I'm like, okay, which ones do I really use a lot. And what can I get away with not using? Can I find some open source versions of a lot of these that I could use as well? Which open source versions are getting pretty good? The new stable diffusion model is really, really awesome. That's kind of the closest, I think you get to mid journey right now, which I think is the best. Um, but yeah, so lots of interesting things there. Um, what, what are you experimenting with right now, des? Like, what's your, your, what's the most interesting stuff?
Speaker D: The most expensive one right now is synthesia. But, um, so just kind of creating your own personal avatar and a lot of text to speech to, I mean, text to speech and text to video platforms.
Speaker A: So you're like full, you're creating full.
Speaker D: On characters, seeing what just the, and that's just in like the last week, just because the whole AI generated influence thing, influencers thing, kind of just sparked my interest. I just wanted to see what, like I said, I'm in experimentation mode. I'm in lab mode.
Speaker C: I'm glad the title of the show, uh, intrigued you to come on. That's a pretty good title. I'm coming on.
Speaker A: Maybe I'll show up today. This sounds fun.
Speaker D: That isn't how I came onto the show today. But honestly, I might start screening for titles because there's.
Speaker C: There's rumor that you popped in on the Friday show and disappeared immediately.
Speaker D: My audio, no one would blame you for. No, no, I would really try. And I heard it was a decent show, but, um. Well, decent was nice. Okay.
Speaker C: Depending on the listener.
Speaker A: Okay. So what happened on Friday? I've heard a lot of rumors.
Speaker C: Ah. I mean, you're really gonna have to go back and listen. It's. It's.
Speaker A: I'm not gonna.
Speaker C: Because if I tell you what we talked about, then it sounds terrible. But if you hear it, it's not as bad. Jump saying, you know, how, you know, I have that way of making terrible things. Not as bad. It's a. It's a lot of that. A lot of that.
Speaker A: That's like. Right. That's like the thing maybe you do best.
Speaker C: So again, if I just. Just tell you the topics we talked about, you're going to never want a podcast with me ever again. Hearing them as I say them dulls the impact a bit.
Speaker A: What you're saying is. Tell me if I'm wrong. What I'm hearing you say is, thank God Ed Balloon was not here on Friday.
Speaker C: That's absolutely what I'm saying. Ed Balloon would not. That was not. I mean, maybe he would have liked.
Speaker A: Ed Balloon would not have enjoyed it.
Speaker C: I think he likes the AI conversation more than the conversation we were having on.
Speaker A: I need to go listen to this. But I don't have, like, I don't have an hour to go. Like, time travel. You know What I mean? Like, that's what I think of. But that's, like, how I view going back and listening to old podcasts, specifically ones that I should have been there for. You know, I'm getting a message from pain saying, thank goodness you don't have an hour.
Speaker C: Oh, I do have one question from the Friday show. How were you? How impactful was pee wee Herman's death on you last week?
Speaker A: Oh, God. I can already tell where the show must have went then. Jesus.
Speaker C: That was the best topic I would say. We talked about. That was the offensive topic we talked.
Speaker A: No wonder there's 20 people here.
Speaker C: We got like a 10% bump.
Speaker A: They all left. This is what happens when I. This is what happens when I refuse to show up to the show.
Speaker C: But were you. Were you a peewee Herman fan? Because I would have thought maybe you were.
Speaker A: I don't. Is anyone a pee wee Herman fan? Like, is that exist?
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was a big part of the show. I thought you just seemed like it was your. That was. But maybe I also. I think it may have missed you as well. Like, maybe you were just on the. On the. On the. On the end of it.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, I remember watching. Okay, we herman. But, like, I don't remember being. I think you're probably right. It was probably that. That.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, right. It was right in, like, I was right in the heart of it, and I was a big, big fan, so.
Speaker A: Okay, you were in Peewee's playhouse. Is that it?
Speaker C: I wasn't. I was not a cast member, no. Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, I, you know, okay, I guess there's a lot of peewee.
Speaker C: A lot of pee wee talk on Friday, so.
Speaker A: Gosh, the. The show is already over today. How did that look? Good contents, fast shows, maybe. All right, give me a. Hit me with a couple major.
Speaker C: So one is, is there anything I need to worry about? Like, obviously, you know, we talk a lot of crypto. We talk a lot ft stuff. There's security issues when it comes to both of those things. Is there anything I should be, like, conscious about? Like, you know, watch out for this. Any pitfalls I should avoid? I mean, couldn't seem to find any.
Speaker A: If you're gonna be doing. If you're gonna be dabbling in, like, downloading your own models and open source stuff, obviously. Just always be careful with links, but, like, nobody's connecting your wallets here. Right? So, like, it's actually kind of a relief to not have to worry about stuff at that same level. Although I will say Des's AI avatar will probably try to fish you at some point because that's. That's what I think is happening here. He's building a. An AI bot to fish you out of all of your.
Speaker D: Honestly, just to really kind of be on this podcast for me.
Speaker A: See, that's what I was trying to do as I cloned myself. I cloned my voice. I created a little chat bot. I had eleven labs. I was gonna just replace myself with. With, you know, the AI version of myself. And I still will do that because there will be wherever. Well, that's what I was going to say. There will come a point where I truly, let's put it this way, there will be a point at some time where Chamber finally gets the hint and says to me, oh, I can tell you want to end the show, but I don't. And then I will say, don't worry, chamber. Here's an AI version of me to keep you company every single Monday, Wednesday at four to five eastern.
Speaker C: It's amazing.
Speaker A: What's that?
Speaker C: All I need is a complimentary. Does one as well, and then we'll be, we'll be good to go.
Speaker A: Perfect. A couple just tips for you as you're playing around with mid journey and, like, trying to get a little control of what you're doing. So, because I find that that's kind of the first step is like, okay, I can create cool stuff. Sky's the limit. All right. How can I rein it in a little bit and control this stuff? So, do you know about prompt waiting yet?
Speaker C: Is that, like, the order you put them in gives it more. More influence?
Speaker A: Kind of. But what you can do is use double colons after certain, um, words. So try this with something.
Speaker C: And for the people at home, uh, that's the two dots.
Speaker A: That's the two dots, not the butthole.
Speaker C: Perfect.
Speaker A: Yeah, right?
Speaker C: That's. I just want to make sure we were using the right punctuation. I wasn't going butthole.
Speaker A: Yes. Two dots, two dots, two dots. So you can go. You could do. So try something like this. When you get off the call, do red House. Just like, imagine red House. And see what you get. And then do. Imagine red Colon, Colon. House. Colon, Colon. See what you get, and then do something like red colon, Colon. Two. House. Colon, Colon. One. What you're actually doing there is separating the prompts, right. So, like, your first one should give you, like, a red house very specifically. Right. The second one should give you, like, is basically saying, I want to separate the word red from the word house. So you might get a house with, like, a crazy red background. And then the third one, you're actually weighting the word red two times more than you're weighting the word. I'm sorry.
Speaker C: It's red to colon. Colon or red colon. Colon. Two.
Speaker A: That 1 second one.
Speaker C: Perfect. And then house.
Speaker A: Yeah, and that's interesting. So, like, that's a really easy example to, like, just see the differences of what you're doing. You know what I mean? And, like, how it all plays together. Another tip. Are you familiar yet with the chaos and stylization?
Speaker C: With chaos, I've been you captain now. I've only been maxing chaos at 100.
Speaker A: Yeah. That's what you do. That's what I do. Because essentially, what it does is the easy way to explain it is it's kind of creating four different options from the same prompt rather than kind of like four close options. It's kind of a creativity lever, I would say. Right. It's like if you did Red House regular and then you did Red House Chaos 100, the first one's gonna give you some, what, different versions of the same thing. The other one will give you, like, four very different distinct versions of that that you can play with. And so, like, it kind of gets more for your money unless you're trying to dial into something very, very.
Speaker C: Here's an issue I'm having right now. Like I said, I was working on a teenage mutant ninja turtle thing. Okay, how do I give them the right colors? Like, I want a purple one, a blue one, a red one, an orange one.
Speaker A: I don't know if you're going to be able to do that because I.
Speaker C: Feel like I haven't got it yet.
Speaker A: You probably would have to do something, like, upscale one of them, right? And then you get, like, those upscale options where you can do you have, like, very. And there's, like, very subtle and very heavy or whatever it is, and then when you hit the very subtle, you can try to, like, add to the prompt, like, add the bandana colors or whatever and see if that works or helps. And that's probably the closest. That's probably the easiest way to be able to do it without, like, actually just taking the image and then go to, like, Photoshop and change it yourself. You know what I mean? But that's definitely. There are other tools that are, like, really good at that. Right? Like, I think Photoshop's version has something now where you can kind of prompt what you want to add to the image. Like, you have an image and you're like, oh, make this red. You know what I mean? So there's that that you could do as well.
Speaker C: But, yeah, that's so, so far, my creative. My creative space is basically just taking things that are cult classics and associating them with cannabis. That's my.
Speaker A: I was going to say. What was I going to say? So I was going to give you an idea that you might think is interesting. The ones that I always love are somebody's like, oh, I imagined what each of the 50 states would be as a Marvel character. Right? And you got, like, New Jersey looks like this, you know, Tony Soprano in a superhero costume or something. Like, you could do that with strains.
Speaker C: That's good. I like that.
Speaker A: Yeah, that would probably be pretty interesting. I bet you you could put a whole thread together or something.
Speaker C: And I was getting a lot of warnings at the start and then appealed.
Speaker A: A bunch of, I'm surprised they kicked your war. Like, what? What happened?
Speaker C: A lot of, like, anything. Anytime I would put cannabis in it, I would get a warning or not a warning, but, like, oh, can't, can't do this. And then you would get the appeal button. And then I would just hit the appeal button and it would immediately approve it, like, every time. And now I don't get them anymore.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker C: So I don't know. Maybe I still, maybe it's learning that it's okay to use cannabis, but it.
Speaker A: Probably looks out at how, like, offensive your output.
Speaker C: Right? Maybe that. Because, yeah, now I don't get any warnings at all.
Speaker A: Like, they usually flag for, like, nudity and gore. I've, I assume some bloodshot eyes was.
Speaker C: Hard, hard to get, you know, blood shot eyes, you know, I'm saying.
Speaker A: Oh, I imagine so. Yeah. Because the word blood is probably exactly like.
Speaker C: But I would get it, and then it would just be like these horrifying, bloody, like, blood dripping eyes. I'm like, it's not what I want. And then I put, you know, irritated eyes. It definitely gets you to expand your vocabulary and try to dial in exactly the, you know, you know, the specificity of it.
Speaker A: Totally. Yeah. Interesting. I'm excited that you are now on this journey. It's, welcome to the party.
Speaker C: That's exciting. I'll have updates. Soccer season is coming to him, by the way, at the end of the week.
Speaker A: So what's the, what's your record?
Speaker C: We know I was away last week, so I don't know if we want a loss. So maybe like 600, you know, no, 6600.
Speaker A: What is like, that's not a measurement of any, is it your, was that your win percentage? Okay. Okay. I'm like, what, what is that? Everybody talks about it like that. The only time they talk about win percentage like that is like five.
Speaker C: No, yeah, yeah. I was trying to give you an idea of, you know, without the exact record.
Speaker A: Yeah. All right, well, that is going to do it for us tonight. Des, thanks for joining us. I'm glad you got in on the AI talk. We could talk more AI guys if you want. If you're into this, we can keep talking more. Aihdemdeh obsessed with it. Gives us something else to worry about other than JPEG sometimes. So I'm happy to work AI talk in whenever you guys want to. So, Des, should we be talking more AI on this? Podcast.
Speaker D: Yeah, but I mean, compared to what we normally talk about. Sure, absolutely.
Speaker A: And by that you mean NFTs or the other non.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay. Okay. Chamber. If we had to sacrifice pee wee talk for more AI, are you into it or against?
Speaker C: I mean, you know, that was a moment in time. So I don't know how much more peewee talk we're gonna have. It was to memorialize.
Speaker A: Do they know you? There's probably a lot more pee wee talk to come.
Speaker C: It could be. There could be.
Speaker A: Now, every year you're gonna have at least one occasion to bring up Peely Herman on the anniversary, at least for.
Speaker C: At least eight years.
Speaker A: The 8th annual Peely Herman memorial podcast. That is gonna do it for us today. Uh, we've got night shift coming up tonight at 11:00 p.m. on our YouTube at DJ network. Don't forget, set your reminders for tomorrow and the rest of the week. Coffee with Captain from Captain Zwingli. Up top. Chris put his reminder links up there for the whole week. Set those reminders. Congratulations on the announcement today, Chris announcing, in conjunction with Mister Benjamin, the board shorts endeavor. Those are some pretty cool looking board shorts. Going to be grabbing myself a pair. I think he's putting them in the made by apes ecosystem, which is pretty cool. So congratulations, Cap. That is so cool to see you out there doing stuff with your ip. And we haven't even talked about the honey stuff on this show yet. Well, we could get there at some point. I was telling my wife today that she should be putting honey in her coffee and I might need some samples, Cap, so there's that. But congrats, Cap. Set your reminders for coffee with captain tomorrow. In the afternoon, we've got J. Webb and Riggs at noon, followed by new time slot for alpha afternoons, a court and also a new host joining them. So Jack, our beloved Jack, is the third host now of Alpha afternoons, 02:00 p.m. eastern on YouTube and Twitter. So you can check that out tomorrow as well. That is going to do it for us. Until next time, stay mint.
