Speaker A: Bunch is here. We have not replaced him as a host. I think he's here.
Speaker B: I mean, you kind of have.
Speaker A: Steve came in with.
Speaker B: Eight minutes in. I haven't spoken yet. I kind of like how this is trending.
Speaker C: Monday was a rough show for bunch.
Speaker B: You.
Speaker C: But at least you got mentioned a few times. I was kind of, like, just non existent in it, so. I don't know. It feels good to be hated, at least.
Speaker B: I mean, I still haven't listened to that show. I'm not sure I'm going to should.
Speaker C: You really should. Especially the first 30 minutes. It's definitely the first 30 minutes.
Speaker B: That's like, the whole part I missed. I came in at, like, 40 minutes in, and I was. I was legit on a call, and it was just, like, terribly boring. And so I snuck a, snuck an earbud. An earbud in under my headset and listened to you all rip on me for the last 20 minutes. So it was. I was. I was dying laughing. I liked how steve put it the other day when he was talking about it on coffee with captain following. He basically said, yeah. Then Bunch showed up in the crowd for 20 minutes, and chamber just spent the whole time recapping the first 30 minutes.
Speaker A: I did spend three minutes recapping. I feel three minutes was a fine amount of recap time for Bunch. I mean, he's the only, like, we basically. I mean, he's the only one that I trying to make laugh. So, you know, I have to. I have to let him know what happened.
Speaker B: Well, I do want to. I do want to kick it down to our third co host here, Morgan. Morgan. Gm.
Speaker D: Gm. Gm.
Speaker B: I actually was just, what?
Speaker A: Excuse me. Hold up, everyone. Hold up.
Speaker C: I almost think you miss counted there.
Speaker E: I almost actually made the comment when Bunch was like. Bunch was like, when? But he's like, des goes, at least you were mentioned, bunch. I was not existent. I almost said so, like a normal show, basically.
Speaker B: Des, I had to. I had to pull on the thread. I'm sorry. I just.
Speaker D: I just actually did want to jump up here and ask why I don't have the co host title right now, Chamber. And why bunch does. I'm a little bit confused.
Speaker A: I think you showed up first, if I'm being honest.
Speaker C: This isn't the movie podcast.
Speaker D: Unbelievable.
Speaker C: This is the NFT one.
Speaker D: Oh, okay. Got it. Got it. So I'm in the wrong room. Okay. Track.
Speaker C: No, I'm in the wrong room. This is a room for the 1030 texters. Clearly.
Speaker A: And I am.
Speaker C: I am Persona nongrata.
Speaker A: The infamous 1030 texters.
Speaker B: I don't even know what that means.
Speaker A: You gotta go backlist that first.
Speaker B: I got a message halfway through that show from Vicki, basically telling me that my entire reputation was being tarnished and that I was being compared to the likes of the Ryan Carson's of the world.
Speaker A: I don't think it got that bad. Definitely k row.
Speaker B: Vicki was like, yo, you gotta get in here. They are just besmirching you. And I was like, look, I've never been besmirched before. I'm open to it. And then I realized that it was because I guess everybody was saying that. I texted multiple people about a 10:30 a.m. 1030 show. So I actually sent Vicki a screenshot of our text messages, chamber me and you about the.
Speaker A: I read them verbatim on the show.
Speaker B: Oh, you did? Good, good. Then I'm happy that I sent that, because I was like, should I air out the DM's or.
Speaker A: Well, it's funny because I didn't. It didn't. It came up organically. I. Somebody had mentioned. I forget who it was that we should maybe was Riggs, that we should.
Speaker B: Basically heard Riggs was posturing for the.
Speaker A: Show, infiltrate the 1030 open spot. And I said, you know, it's. It's funny you bring that up. I said. I said, I wasn't going to mention this, but since you bring it up, I said, bunch, a couple of days ago, you texted me asking if we should move, like, min condition to 1030. And I was basically saying, I'd love to, but I was explaining that, like, 1030 IRL, like, 10:30 a.m. iRL is a time that I need to be accountable for, as opposed to, like, 04:00 p.m. it feels more of, like, a gray area.
Speaker B: Sure.
Speaker A: You know what I mean? And then Morgan came in hot with. I also got a text message. And I'm like, yeah, we gotta. We gotta see the timing. I'm like, did she? Who got asked first?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: So I sent this. I sent yesterday's space to my husband, Stephen, and he became a forensic accountant of the time zones. And he actually started asking me to reassess the time zone gap.
Speaker B: I mean, I could. I could just.
Speaker D: Yeah. So let's hear it. Let's hear it from the horse's mouth himself. Let's hear it, bunch. How did this play out? And who do you choose? Who makes it to the next level?
Speaker B: The way this goes is chamber is. Chamber is my wife. Right. Like, we are. We are married. We are a package deal. And so the first exploration is, hey, instead of me starting a new show, because who wants to do that? Why don't we see if we could move this show to a preferable time slot? Because we do compete with some larger spaces at this time. So the first question did, in fact, go to chamber, and then chamber was like, nah, bro. And so I was like, yeah, right. And then. So then we're exploring new options. And I will say, morgan, you are the only other person that I texted about a new show. So there you go.
Speaker D: And further, that is such commitment. Yeah. And for the record, Chad said he's glad it was me.
Speaker A: Right? I would have been. Because if there was another boy, I would have been. I would have been heartbroken. But because it's a girl, like, I'm like, all right, it's cool. It's not.
Speaker B: Well, you know, it's. It's one of those things where, you know, you just need to kind of, like, find the exact total polar opposite of your. Your current co host, which is Morgan. Right.
Speaker A: Like, Morgan's. Okay, that one's. That one I would say, would be the only one I'd be fine with.
Speaker B: But, you know, Des, maybe. Maybe you and I should just do a show at 1030.
Speaker A: That would hurt my feelings. That would hurt my feelings, much like the way Des's feelings has been hurt today.
Speaker B: Des, what are your thoughts? You want to start the show?
Speaker C: You're dead to me.
Speaker A: He's already booked the 1030.
Speaker B: No. We love you, Des. It's. That's not it. It's. I just assumed you would say no as well. Two thirds.
Speaker C: It's a fair assumption. It's a fair assumption.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, like, when you say no to two thirds of these shows, I think it's fair. It's a safe assumption. You know, just.
Speaker C: Just in my long term defense, our. Our show went from one episode to 300 more out of nowhere.
Speaker B: Oh, nobody is blaming you for not showing up. That is fair. That is.
Speaker A: You can hide behind that shield without question.
Speaker B: Yeah. And we're just lucky to have you when we do have you, because the shows are exponentially better.
Speaker C: Oh, good. I feel like a mistress again. Thank you.
Speaker B: There you go. You're the only one for me, baby.
Speaker A: You're a throuple.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's it. Welcome to mint condition. We're a throuple. That's our new tagline. I don't know where to even start with. Actual. Real tough today. Is there anything actually going on?
Speaker A: What is that I feel like not much is out. I was looking.
Speaker B: We do have a guest. That's.
Speaker A: We do, right?
Speaker B: Yes, we have a guest window. A little 15 minutes spot. We're going to throw some love to our friends at held mine. They're doing some awesome stuff. So we're going to chat with Marianne in a couple minutes for a little bit, but that's all that's on the docket today. I'm going to go to Des first because Des needs to get some love here. Des, have you seen the, have you seen the Memeland tweet that just went out not too long ago?
Speaker C: No, I haven't.
Speaker B: So meme land, the official account, tweeted a. Just a floating image of what appears to be a vial, so seemingly the serum route. And that's it. Just. Just a picture. It's an emoji of a vial with a floating, you know, goo image here seems to be going a little serum airdrop. Are you holding any Memeland assets right now?
Speaker C: No. No, I'm not. Captains are pumping super hard. I'm surprised they haven't finished that out before going to serums.
Speaker B: Yeah. I'm just happy that something is positively going in the positive direction. For one of my bags, I'm holding two captains and three potatoes. So I've been, you know, trying to stay the course here, but it sounds like Memeland's got some things coming down the pipeline chamber. Do you have any more captains or memland stuff?
Speaker A: It's funny, I was in the war room, like, I don't know, four weeks ago, and I'm like, I think you're going to buy a bunch of captains. And I didn't because somebody was snotty to me on a response. Like, why? Is what they said. I was just like, yeah, why? Why am I gonna buy one? And then I talked myself right out of it. So, no. So then I went with Renga instead.
Speaker B: I can't believe you let Crocs Maxi influence any of your decisions.
Speaker A: I feel like it was Crocs Maxi.
Speaker B: Of course it is. I could tell you it was him without even knowing for certain it was him. I can tell you.
Speaker A: I think that is correct.
Speaker B: I'm probably going to go and check the tape on that just to see if I was correct in my assumption, but. I bet it was. But. All right, so you missed out on the Memeland stuff. Well, it looked. I just pinned it to the top. This is all there was. No, the only other comment was underneath. No, it's not. P. Can't be certain of that yet, but yeah. So some positive stuff going on for Memeland. What else is going on in the market, Des? What have you got your pulse on today?
Speaker C: We were talking about that open edition.
Speaker B: I was going to say, are we able to drop that alpha or what?
Speaker C: I mean, I don't know if it's alpha, I'll be honest. It's probably one of the riskier flyers I've taken in a long time.
Speaker B: So what's funny is you texted me about it, and we're referring to the open edition. What is it actually called? It's fly Pepe.
Speaker C: Fly Pepe? Yeah, fly pepe.
Speaker B: So we're talking about that as the open edition. And, you know, it's one of those things, Des, where you always talk about. It's the, the rule of three, as in, like how you decided on goats and everything, where you saw goats three times and you're in a 24 hours window and that was your sign. You had actually texted me about this and, I don't know, a couple hours ago, and it was the third time somebody had told me about it today, and that was my signal. So I bought a couple. This is a open edition. There's already like 26,000 minted. They're like $8 a pop. But. So don't go fomoing into something like this. However, I know somebody who bought like a thousand of these things and they're. And there's, you know, might be worth an $8 flyer here or there watching what happened with checks. So I bought some. That's, that's my other degen activity for the day. How many did you buy? Does.
Speaker C: I went 40.
Speaker B: Oh, so we didn't talk about this. I bought 50.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: Sorry.
Speaker C: There you go.
Speaker A: I still buy these.
Speaker C: I mean, here's the thing, though, that scared me, and I almost didn't end up doing it, but. And first of all, let's not pretend like we don't know the same people. So when we hear it three times, it's basically just an echo rumbling round.
Speaker B: Might have been the same people. Yes, probably was the same people.
Speaker C: But, yeah, 2020, 2000 minted and it still has a day left. That's a little bit of a red flag.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm sure my entire thing is going to go to zero, but that's what I'm up to today. Just messing around chamber. Have you heard of these? Are you interested? Are you going to buy some open editions year?
Speaker A: I feel like the open edition, you know, alpha is, is on its way out. I might. I feel like it's, it's run its course. I feel we get these little, you know, these little flavors of the week type new NFT styles that do well and then, you know, there's a bunch of them that come out. One of them, maybe two of them do okay, and then everything else goes to zero. I don't know, I just feel I'm waiting for the next thing for the most part right now. Like what's, what's the, what's the next meta you mean? Yeah.
Speaker B: Interesting. I think we do have official confirmation that it was Crocs Maxi who did. He says Renga over captains art over Ponzis.
Speaker A: I took and I, yeah, I bought Renga. I bought a, I bought a few renga.
Speaker B: Yeah. Interesting. Let's go down to GT. GT. What's going on?
Speaker F: Hey, guys. I didn't want to know if I missed the Drake conversation. You guys used your marketing tactics to get me in here. And then the second thing was I really got my eth game because I've never been able to say that I was going to buy a few, maybe four captains. So obviously I'm just not a wealthy DJ. But we got to fix that for sure. But yeah, mainly the Drake conversation. We already do. We already tackle that.
Speaker B: I mean, you are free to go on your hashtag Drake takes and just be prepared that you may, you may be up against Mister House as a battler. So go for it on your Drake.
Speaker F: No, I was actually just kidding. But I do love Drake. But are we serious that chamber wears crocs? Is that a thing? Are we, are we pro chamber?
Speaker B: You wear crocs?
Speaker A: No, no crocs Maxi is a dJDeh.
Speaker B: You know, DJ network member.
Speaker A: Yeah, legend.
Speaker F: Oh, if I would have got that, if I would have got that pass probably a few days earlier, I wouldn't know what the fuck you guys are talking about.
Speaker B: Well, you know, Croc, we're actually not even sure if Crocs Maxi is a crocs maxi. I would assume he is. I'd love to know where that.
Speaker A: I do have crocs. For the record.
Speaker D: Can I just, yeah. And can I just say, Chad, that if anybody could rock crocs, it's you. You're the only person that could get away.
Speaker A: I mean, I'm not leaving the house with them. That's insane.
Speaker B: Oh, you'd pull it off?
Speaker A: I mean, I could. Don't get me wrong. I would pull it off. I would, I would definitely pull it off, but I don't because we don't want to give people false hope because other people might see it be like, oh, that guy's wearing crocs. I could do. I could wear crocs outside, but no, I just wear them for gardening. Even. Even just walking around the house sometimes. I have indoor crocs that I wear for, you know, mudroom stuff and.
Speaker B: Interesting.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's a whole thing. Are you a crocs guy?
Speaker B: No. Funny story, though, about crocs. My uncle, who is, I would say, like, stratospherically wealthy. He's one of those guys. He was. He will never wear crocs, ever. He was approached twice to invest in crocs as, like, seed round, and he passed both times because he's like, these things are ugly as sin. And actually, he now keeps a pair of crocs, like, unworn in his office.
Speaker A: I love it.
Speaker B: Yeah, but he, he passed on crocs twice, so I thought that was pretty funny. Mister house, I feel like you're going to come with a drake take, so I'm going to go to you first, then we'll go down to, I think, v squared on and condition.
Speaker G: No, it's a crocs take. I'm actually all for crocs. The strap is very hybrid. Allows for both athletic and casual performance. But a one up, we call that.
Speaker A: Four x four here.
Speaker G: One up on crocs. I recently found this brand called canes. They're like an in between of crocs and the easy runner. So they're like the perfect athletic fit. But on that note, if you've ever want to seen someone just lacking, just like, purely demoralized of all aspects, wear your crocs to a jujitsu tournament or for other people, just any sporting event, dominate the absolute, like, slobber out of them and then put your crocs on right as you leave the mat. That's what I did. And, yeah, I've never seen someone just look so defeated twice in a row.
Speaker B: It was just, I love that chamber. How would you feel if you got your ass kicked and then the guy who kicked your ass just goes on and puts on his. First of all, he. He puts on his finest crocs. I was gonna say, heads over to the snack bar and gets just extendo glizzy with mustard. And he's just sitting there with his extendo glizzy and his crocs on. After he just whooped on you, how would you feel?
Speaker A: I would feel the. The better the quality of the croc, the better I would feel. Like if you came out of there with, like, just shit ass crocs, broken four by fours. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I would not be. I would not be happy, but if it was a classy guy with some classic rocks, I would be okay with it.
Speaker B: Interesting. All right. Throwing it down to v squared on TMC. Yeah.
Speaker C: So, going back to the fly Pepes, I listened to a space this morning.
Speaker F: Where I think the founder, I think.
Speaker C: Because they come from the fly alpha, if I'm not mistaken.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: So he was mentioning about burning them. So I was wondering if you or Des had any kind of insight on.
Speaker A: What exactly we'd be burning.
Speaker B: I don't. I don't know. I assume it's. I assume it's probably checks, like, in nature. However, I don't really know. This is very much one of these. You know, when you hear it so many times from people that are smarter than you, you just kind of follow it and see what happens. It is a very degen play from me. I was kind of itching for a dj play. I haven't bought anything in a while, so I don't. Des, do you know?
Speaker C: Interesting. No, definitely. Definitely not. And if there were no burn mechanism, talk about going to zero as fast as humanly possible. But, yeah, I'm going to. Assuming. I'm assuming. I don't think I would have made this play if I wasn't still but heard about the. The checks, so, you know, it is what it is, regardless of, like, four people mentioning it to me. Still probably wouldn't have bought if it weren't for recent events.
Speaker B: Yeah. I don't even know why I did, quite honestly, because I would typically do the same thing and just let it pass, but I don't know. I was feeling Degen today. JP Kaz in the war room says he has an 18 year old nephew that's the captain of the lacrosse team and an overall stud. Dude wears crocs all the time, and he says he's not cool enough to wear crocs. Um, I. I'm definitely not cool enough to wear crocs. Crocs. Like, I didn't. When did they become cool? Like, I feel like it. They've done a real paradigm shift over the years that crocs are now a cool thing. Uh, first we'll go to gT, then Steve. Yeah.
Speaker F: I just want to let you guys know crocs are not cool. I don't know who the fuck started that movement. And second thing is, is that I posted a post about cocaine this morning, and my GM video and the cocaine post has more fucking likes. We are truly DJ's in this fucking world. That's all I had to say.
Speaker B: I saw your tweet. Wait, so wait, who, who was this person? This was a customer of yours?
Speaker F: They walked in my first fucking stop. Caterpillar, right?
Speaker C: They're fixing million dollar equipment.
Speaker B: They said, hey, man, like, how's, how you doing?
Speaker F: He's like, I'm doing great.
Speaker B: I was like, okay, cool.
Speaker A: Like, any tools today?
Speaker F: He's like, no, just a box of cocaine.
Speaker B: What?
Speaker F: Dead serious.
Speaker B: Like, no, I left that at home.
Speaker F: No, laugh straight face to me.
Speaker B: I feel like, you know, at least he's honest, I guess, you know, it's like then you get in the elevator with someone, you ask how they are and they actually respond with how they are.
Speaker A: Psychopath does that.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. Instead of the, no, no, I'm good, or, oh, yeah, I'm good. How are you? They're like, oh, yeah, my dog died and you're like, oh, no, what floor are we going to?
Speaker A: I'm just gonna kill myself now. Yeah, that's terrible.
Speaker B: Before we, before we run over to and bring up held mind, let's go to Steve.
Speaker E: Just a couple of things. One, I was gonna say crocs are. Crocs are definitely having a comeback. I was gonna say I thought that the crocs takes up here were somewhat dated. Not that I personally wear crocs. I actually hear my hot take. I don't think crocs are comfortable. Like, I actually, I was going to get a pair and wear them around. I was actually very intentional and I went croc shopping and they did not. Yeah, they're not find them comfortable.
Speaker A: You're correct. They're definitely not. Like, I don't wear them for comfort. I wear them for like taking out the trash and shit.
Speaker B: And like, we've got an official, we've got an official stance from crocs. Maxi, by the way, has recently changed his handle to just crocs with a weird symbol. So maybe he's no longer Maxi. Maybe he's got another pair of shoes. However, it says I wears a 90% of every day. Kind of like those rainbow sandal maxis that people wear till they fall apart. So he is indeed a crocs maxi. Always on his feet, it sounds like. So let's go to circles real quick and then we'll bring in held mind. So I did have questions for DT.
Speaker F: Re, the box of cocaine. I mean, that, that I presume ended with you handing him your regular stack.
Speaker B: Of whatever you've got pumping through your veins to make your survives every single morning.
Speaker F: Cocaine or some other illicit substance.
Speaker B: Is that a code word for is your GM? Is box of cocaine code word for your GM videos and dance moves? Gt or just the electric positivity running through your veins at all time?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker F: You know what I mean? Like, I didn't know what to say to the guy. I was just like, you know, I was like. I started to laugh and then he didn't laugh. And it was one of those moments.
Speaker B: Where I was like, this is really sad. I can't hear you.
Speaker A: Oh, my God.
Speaker B: Oh, sorry, circles.
Speaker F: Yeah, it was one of those moments.
Speaker B: Where I was just, like, I started.
Speaker F: To laugh because you would think someone asking a tool salesman for a box of cocaine, like, listen, I do have high energy. That's why I do do very well at my job.
Speaker A: I mean, yeah, you do seem like a guy that I would go to if I wanted to pop.
Speaker F: I'm very healthy. Like, I have kids. Like, I don't look like a drug addict. Right? I bet I don't even need coffee. And so I started to laugh. And this guy's extremely cheap, so he doesn't buy tools. Then he just looked at me straight in the face.
Speaker B: Money on cocaine.
Speaker F: Shit. I was like, maybe I need to.
Speaker C: Get this guy a box of cocaine.
Speaker F: I didn't know what to do, but.
Speaker B: To be honest, like, I'm not sure.
Speaker F: I can expense signed that contract with you guys, and I'm out of here in five weeks. So that's all I have right there.
Speaker B: Oh, my goodness. That's so funny. All right, let's transition a little bit. We've got a wonderful guest today. This is something that I'm super passionate about what they are doing in the space, so I wanted to have them on. We just launched something very cool with them in the DJ network community through their. Their kind of community outreach program. So I'd love to welcome up Marianne from held mind. Marianne, how are you today?
Speaker H: Hello. Hello. I think I joined it just about the right time. Crocs and cocaine. I happen to love crocs. I'm just going to put that out there.
Speaker B: I have.
Speaker C: What about cocaine?
Speaker B: I happen to love cocaine.
Speaker H: As. As a licensed psychotherapist, I cannot say that I love cocaine, but I love crocs. I have some on my feet right now. There you go. So I don't care if I've just tanked my reputation by saying that I love crocs.
Speaker B: Are crocs comfortable? That's the take today.
Speaker H: I think they're super comfortable, which is why I basically live in them.
Speaker B: There you go. So, another crocs, Maxi. So we are super honored to have you up with us for a couple minutes today. Definitely wanted to bring awareness to what you guys are doing with held mind. So, Marianne, give us a little bit real quick of your background and how you got started with heldmind.
Speaker H: Yeah, sure. So I'll try and keep this sweet and synced. I am from the UK. You can probably tell from my accent. I'm a licensed psychotherapist and I got into web three just over a year ago, and I was really struck that there were lots of kind of mental health spaces, bits and pieces in discords about mental health, but not always being done in the most kind of intentional way, in the most safe way, not moderated by licensed professionals. And I always say the minute you title something mental health, you are inviting vulnerability. So I got together with a group of guys in the states, Doug, Aaron, Dave and Seth, and we created held mind and we are a project dedicated to looking after people's mental health and sobriety in the space. We have a whole team of licensed mental health professionals from all across the world and experts in their own lived experience of sobriety. And we try to keep people safe in our confidential ticketed system. In our discord, we consult with other teams and projects in the space on how to look after their team's mental health, their holder's mental health, how to resolve conflict in their discords. And we also, in a more kind of business to business way, we deliver training to mental health professionals on web three. So how to understand web three because we don't believe that people who do go to therapy and have the privilege of being able to access therapy should be teaching their therapist about the space because that's their paid for time that could be used in a different way.
Speaker B: That's super fascinating. I love that last part, too, as far as educating other therapists on the space, because I feel like, you know, sometimes we're speaking another language half the time, as far as, you know, some people outside of our day to day chaos here, and they, you know, it's probably very difficult to understand if you're not coming from a place of understanding, so, of the space. So I think that's really cool. Talk a little bit about the community alliance that you guys have, how it works, what people who are part of that have the. Have access to through you guys?
Speaker H: Yeah. So from our discord, we do a mental health alliance, which is a discord to discord channel that sends curated content to our alliance partners channels. So that can be motivational quotes, insights into different aspects of mental health. Sometimes we share articles, we share reminders of access to crisis, help helplines internationally all across the world. And we just try and keep mental health alive within those people's servers so that people, so it's normalized to kind of destigmatize the taboo so that people know, hey, we're here, you can always come and talk to us. And sometimes it actually starts a conversation in those other discords, whereas people may not have wanted to do that before. So that's what our alliance offers in terms of content, and we tend to kind of pivot content to what's happening in the space. So, for example, when the FTX crash happened, we were very quick to kind of rally the troops and get some content out because we knew that some people were really, really hurting and feeling super vulnerable at that time. Sometimes Aaron posts out about maintaining sobriety in his own journey. With that and the kind of road that that's been, we know that there are lots of people in the space that struggle with that grief and loss is another one that we've pivoted to. We've seen a big kind of uprising in that with COVID and whatnot recently. So, yeah, that's what our alliance does. And we also, again, you know, pop into spaces like this when we're allied with projects to keep spreading the word, keep thinking about mental health. And you guys at DjEn Network do it in such an intentional way. So it's a real gift to be allied with you guys.
Speaker B: I appreciate that. And I think what you just said about, you know, opening up the conversation is really true. Right? Like we had you come into the Degen discord and spend, you know, 40 minutes with us just chatting about everything and kind of kicking off the alliance that we have together. And it definitely sparked conversations and I think it inspired some people to take some, some actions, and so it definitely sparked that conversation. And, you know, you don't really think about it sometimes until you're, you're kind of forced into thinking about where you fit in that conversation of your own mental health. And so I think it's really awesome what you guys are doing. I really love the, I love the aspect of the discord ticketing system that you have. So you touched on it briefly, but as a member of the alliance through DGEn. So, for example, if you have a Degen network warm pass, you can kind of for free go into the heldmind discord. And if you need to speak with somebody, you can open a confidential ticket and, you know, talk to some, talk to a professional. Can you talk about kind of what your experience has been with that? I think it's so incredible. Such an incredible thing to offer, you know, how has that been? Where did that idea come from, I guess. And how has that been so far for you guys?
Speaker H: I think the idea came from. I have kind of experience of working on crisis helplines within the National Health service here in the UK. We were seeing kind of people wanting to reach out in a less overt way within our general channels. And sometimes people were in a genuine crisis and they really did need emergency help and direction to in real life care. So it's not therapy. We cannot deliver therapy in the space legally at the moment, but our ticketed system gives you access to licensed professionals who can help with anything. You know, we've had over 100 tickets open. We very rarely close our tickets unless someone asks us to because people might pop back with updates or just to say, hey, can I just have some space to share something? And we've had everything. We've had people who have had their bags wrecked and they've lost, you know, all of their money. They've overexposed themselves. And we've had people who felt comfortable enough to share their in real life locations. We have called emergency services to people's homes via the locations they've been happy to share with us because they needed crisis help there and then, and they did not know how to access that. It's really difficult sometimes to reach out for help when you are in a crisis. We've also walked people through the process of accessing other crisis help and support and reassured them that they won't be judged, blamed or shamed and sent them to help that we know is safe. We've had people who are struggling in their marriages. We've had people who are struggling with their work and their social lives. We've had people asking questions about mental health diagnoses and they wanted some answers and some signposting. Honestly, I think we've had just about everything and it's a real privilege to be able to provide that in a safe way and we hope that we can keep providing that. That's our plan.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's awesome. I really, really, really respect what you guys are doing in the space and at the moment, I believe it's kind of all free for you guys and how you're operating. Can you talk about that as far as, like who you are as a project and what your kind of long term goals are.
Speaker H: Yeah. So we are all volunteers. We funds, we fund whatever we need to ourselves. We all have in real life jobs. We do have a kind of paid branch of what we do in terms of some of the wider team consultation that we do. If people want kind of more tailored training for their team, then we offer that as kind of paid service. And obviously, the in real life training that we offer to web three, from web three to mental health professionals is a paid for training, because we do, we would like to pay our mods and our staff. That's our goal. And obviously, you know, therapists work a lot of the time and many therapists, myself included, struggle to say, you know, yeah, I, to kind of ask for payment for services. But we do want to pay the therapists on board our team because they are still offering a really important service. So over time, we will be kind of scoping that out in a bit of a different way in terms of how can we keep a revenue stream coming in and we're not a not for profit, but we will never be as such a kind of for profit, if that makes sense.
Speaker B: Yeah, sure. I just think it's incredible that your current staff is all volunteers and so I'm sure it's many times a thankless job. So thank you very much for all of the awesome stuff that you provide. And then I guess just lastly, before we let you go, what advice would you give to maybe anybody out there listening who either themselves or maybe somebody they know is struggling, what kind of advice would you give from the perspective of being in the space and things like that?
Speaker H: I think I would always say, although it's very easy for me to say this, never be ashamed to reach out for help and never be ashamed of having those thoughts and feelings, because we all have a brain, we all have mental health. And the most difficult thing, the most difficult starting point is to ask for help. I would say check in with yourself. You know, it's okay to ask. And even if you just reach out to one of the communities that you're in or you can reach out to us, we're not making you docs, you can be perfectly anonymous in the confidential ticket. But please, all I will always say is reach out for help. Don't go it alone. You don't have to be alone, you don't have to be afraid. There are always people here that will listen.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that's awesome advice. And I would say even just on top of that, it's so meaningful to have a community that has your back and you feel comfortable with. So if you don't have that, if you're finding yourself feeling like you're alone and don't have that community in the space, I would, I would encourage you to seek it out. There's a lot of, if you're feeling that way, somebody else probably is as well. And, you know, I've known that from experience, so totally second that. And Marianne, thank you so much for all that you do. We really appreciate you. We are super proud and honored to be part of the mental health alliance that you guys put on. So thank you again and really appreciate you. If anybody out there would like to reach out to held mine and Marianne, please shoot her a DM. She'd be more than, she is definitely more than willing to chat with you and help set something up. So thanks so much, Marianne, anything else before we let you go that you want to mention?
Speaker H: No, I'm all good. I just want to say thanks, guys, so much for having me. I love jumping into your spaces. I don't get to jump into them anywhere near enough, but it's a privilege to be here with you guys and to have you guys on board and supporting us in such an amazing way. Thank you.
Speaker B: Thanks, Marianne. Talk to you later. All right. As we transition back, I will point to the jumbotron I believe I pinned. Maybe I did not. Oh, I did. Our reminder for next episode on Friday. So you can set your reminders up there now for the space on Friday. Same time today for Eastern on Friday. I don't believe we have any guests. I don't know if we want to do a draft. Des, are you going to be around on Friday?
Speaker A: I don't think you will.
Speaker B: Des isn't around now.
Speaker A: He doesn't want to be around.
Speaker C: I'll be around. I'll be.
Speaker B: I'm trying to decide if we should do, if we should commit formally to doing a draft on Friday. Chamber, what do you think?
Speaker A: It's so tough to say. I mean, it's when anything, literally anything could happen.
Speaker B: I know. The problem is once we declare a draft, like we have to do them, people show up because they want to participate. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: So we do have a good track record of getting that mid afternoon news where, you know, so it's tough to say. It's tough to say.
Speaker B: Well, all right, so if we do, we may have it. But there was an interesting topic that came up the other day. I think you would love for a draft chamber which, I don't know if it. We could really dive into it in enough time in a draft format, but the suggestion was most viable or craziest. Whichever one we would choose conspiracy theories. And I. And whomever drafted the best squad there would win. Do you? I feel like you would be a front runner for conspiracy theory.
Speaker A: See, I'm. No, I'm a conspiracy theory. Like, you know, I just dabble in it.
Speaker B: I.
Speaker A: Because it's a slippery slope. And I've mentioned this to a couple of people irl that it's a slippery slope. I've seen.
Speaker B: Well, being Bigfoot is. Puts you in a really tough position.
Speaker A: There's so much shaving involved. You have no idea. No, but I remember one of my dad's best friends was, like, a conspiracy, like, a fun conspiracy guy, and I'm like, a fun conspiracy guy, but then he got really into it and moved into the middle of nowhere, went off grid, and is, like, a psycho now. I mean, it's a slippery slope when it comes to these things on how much you believe, how much you start, like, looking into things, and you're not getting. People are not professional researchers. They have trouble deciphering quality information versus bullshit information. So you get down these slippery slopes, and you're down the rabbit hole, and it's over for lots of people. I mean, we saw it. I mean, we see it a lot over the. Over the course of the past few years, right? With. With COVID and with, you know, political bullshit. It's. It's crazy.
Speaker B: Des, are you. Are you a conspiracy theory guy? Des? I wonder if Des is, like, super tinfoil hat four chan guy.
Speaker A: He's probably eight chan.
Speaker B: God damn it, Des.
Speaker A: God damn it, Des.
Speaker B: God damn it.
Speaker A: This is why you're the fourth host.
Speaker D: Do you guys need me to step in here and take over?
Speaker B: Des is rugged, full on rugged for dead.
Speaker A: Morgan, what's your. What's your favorite conspiracy, Morgan?
Speaker D: Oh, destiny, you've got to believe. You've got to believe in some, right? You can't. You can't believe in them all, but you also can't not believe in any. I mean, my parents lied to me, and I'm their child, right? So I believe that there has to be some conspiracy theories that are, in fact, true, because people just can't be telling the truth all the time. Right?
Speaker A: Right. I mean, most of these conspiracies revolve around government cover ups.
Speaker B: I was just gonna say, if anybody knows which ones are true or not, it's the Matoskis. That's for sure, right?
Speaker A: They're dialed in.
Speaker B: Morgan's bitcoin is in a top secret vault somewhere. There's a whole process to get to it, but. All right, maybe we'll do conspiracy theories. I don't know if DEs is back or not.
Speaker C: I can do my research.
Speaker B: Can you hear me?
Speaker C: I can do my research. I am not a tinfoil person, but, yeah, I can. I can do my research.
Speaker A: What's the one that, like, you've heard before, like, moon landing stuff, alien stuff? Like, what is the one that's just.
Speaker C: Like, man, just even now, just even hearing that, I just. It sparks in me doubt. But I'll do my research. I'll come up with some mind blown ones.
Speaker B: All right?
Speaker C: Even if I don't believe it, Steve.
Speaker B: I know you've got a conspiracy theory take. Or maybe you're going to take the stage to be pro moon landing.
Speaker E: No, no, no. I mean, we. We established. No, no. Here's the problem with the movement. That what chambers said about the moon landing thing, I love sugar shame, but I'm going to give him a hard time. He was like, look at the boot.
Speaker B: The boot.
Speaker E: Here's Neil Armstrong's boot, here's a boot print. And then literally, you google Neil Armstrong's outfit, and it's a Smithsonian, and there is a space boot that goes over that boot that looks exactly like the boot print to your, like, researching problem. There's that. But I got to ask Des, because I think Des and I are of similar minds in this sort of thing. And actually in chamber, we're probably closer than I thought the other day when we were first going over this, but I want to run two by desk, because these are the two that really jump out at me, which are, Epstein didn't kill himself and the Kennedy assassination. Both of those. I'm like, I think both of those. I'm like, there's more to both of those. I want. I'd love to get Des his take on that, just because, I don't know, I feel like I'd be curious.
Speaker C: Sorry, you cut out. What was the first one?
Speaker E: Epstein didn't kill himself. And the end. The Kennedy assassination.
Speaker C: I have just. Not everyone sat down and watched that documentary for so long during that time, I just. I haven't. And so I don't know. I can't speak to the first one. Kennedy assassination. Was it a government cover up? I'm like, I watched that documentary a bunch of times. I've been to Dallas, I've seen it. I've gone through the museum. I'm still gonna go. No, not. I'm just so not a conspiracy theorist. It's unbelievable. I'm horrible.
Speaker B: All right. I think that. I mean, say most people aren't conspiracy theorists, right?
Speaker A: Most people are people.
Speaker B: Is that the new beeple piece?
Speaker A: Yeah, absolutely.
Speaker B: All right, we're going to go. I want to do a rapid fire of NFT topics here before we. Before we go, before we close it out. Yeah. So, Des, on our little show note, doc here from v squared, he put together a nice little list of topics for us. One is the odyssey. Starbucks odyssey drop, deep dive. We can do that maybe on Friday. So I could talk a little more. Bit more about it. But we'll go to the next one here. Des, I want your thoughts on this one. Well, just a quick suss or bus from both of you. Thoughts on Yuga. Announcing the twelve fold ordinals. Sus or bus.
Speaker C: That's a quick bus for me.
Speaker B: Interesting that you're. You're down. Are you gonna be.
Speaker H: Oh, shit.
Speaker C: You know what? Gosh dang it. I keep the chamber thing. I did the chamber thing again. Yeah, yeah, you're sus. That's a quick.
Speaker B: Okay, tell me why quick.
Speaker C: I just. I. You know, they have such a good lane playing in right now. I just don't think that's one that they need to be playing in, but that's just. Yeah, that's my quick take.
Speaker B: Do you find it. Do you find it validating for ordinals as a method, I guess, of.
Speaker C: Well, hell, yeah. Absolutely.
Speaker B: So from that standpoint, I'm going with very bus. Right? Like, I think they're.
Speaker C: Oh, on behalf of ordinals.
Speaker B: Yes, I'm bus. On behalf of. I'm probably 50 50 on the yuga part of it. I think it's cool. I actually think there. I think it's a pretty cool thing. I wish I wasn't gonna be so epically priced out of them, because this is something I would actually look into. Chamber. Sussler, bus here.
Speaker A: Um.
Speaker B: You're like, who's Yuga?
Speaker A: Yeah, who? No, there's an article on Degen.net work that you can read all about it.
Speaker B: As he's scanning it for information.
Speaker A: Proofread it once. It was great. I don't know. I do think it's, again, just. Just yuga maybe trying to stay relevant with the soup du jour. I'm not sold on ordinals. Yes, it does. You know, to your point. Point bunch. It does give them a bit more credibility now that Yuga is, you know is, is playing in that, in that sandbox with them, but I don't know, I, I'm just not completely sold on the user experience. Like you said, the, the fact that 99% of people are going to be priced out of this thing.
Speaker B: My quick ordinals, uh, my quick pro ordinals take is that I think you're going to see, I think you're going to see a lot of high end art, which I think is what this twelve fold drop is, right? So I think you're going to see a lot of high end art dropped on in the way of ordinals. And I think there's something interesting and cool about the item actually being on chain versus a pointer to ipfs, I think. Yeah, I think there's collectability thesis around that. So I'm pro ordinals. I don't hold any yet, but I'm kind of waiting for the time to be right.
Speaker A: If this fly Pepe move works out.
Speaker B: We'Re going to ordinals. That's right, that's right. As soon as I, I'm also in.
Speaker A: For 50 flight pepe.
Speaker B: Oh. All right, let's go. All right, maybe we'll take those prom.
Speaker C: All right. I just heard the most, I just, I just heard the host sketch, comment or feature, uh, which just makes me think it's a huge, massive rug now, but apparently you get something if you hit 105 pep.
Speaker B: Oh, interesting. Well, they're probably watching this number go up and not realize they like, had no expectation to sell 30,000 of these and probably so that's interesting. All right, last, uh, or two, two more quick hitters here. Suss or bus. Uh, last, last episode we talked to Fitch from parallel alpha, the parallel trading card game. The prime token we were discussing launched today. We actually had somebody in the Dgen war room who was in parallel early and was staking this whole time and ended up realizing today they had 6500 prime token. And the token launched today and it was $7 a token. So what a massive win for, for that individual. So congrats there, I checked my airdrop. I had eight, eight prime token. Somehow JP Gaz had almost ten times as much as me for doing almost what looked like the same action.
Speaker A: Like, you guys still hold the like.
Speaker B: No, well, this, this person did. They were, they had been staking a prime key. But like you and JP, no, I don't have many anymore. I don't think JP does either. But Susser bus on the prime token staying in this, this range once I.
Speaker A: Find if I got an air dropping off. It's gonna be positive.
Speaker B: You didn't like. You're probably sitting there with eight, like, I am so sus. Okay, des, I don't know.
Speaker C: I'm really. It's so funny to not be a bag holder, but I'm kind of fired up for them and I hope they do well. So I'm gonna optimistically go bus on this one.
Speaker B: Cool. I'm going bus too. I was impressed with that interview. I want. It made me want to get back into the game. Everything I've heard from the alpha gameplay has been super awesome, and it just sounds like they have such a massive, like, long term vision. So pretty bullish on. I don't know if the prime token will hold a seven dollar value. Likely not, but that doesn't mean it's not a effective token either, so. All right, we've got one more topic here, then we'll hit the last hands and then I. We will close it down. This is just hilarious to me. UFC fighter Darren till right click saves Frank's PFP and ends up on ESPN. Did we see this?
Speaker A: What happened?
Speaker B: So a MMA fighter. Yeah, Darren till is using Frank's PFP as his Twitter PfP, and he got. He got quoted from a tweet on ESPN. So it's Frank's PFP under this guy's account. So he. He right click saved him, which I think. Wow.
Speaker A: I'm assuming Frank has nothing to do with this guy.
Speaker B: It doesn't appear so, no, it's. He's. He's tweeting about the MMA and he's just using Frank's. You. That's crazy funny. Sus or bus on that chamber. You bus.
Speaker A: And for Frank, I mean, that's cool. I like a regular click save on a. On an MMA guy where he's talking. Whatever they talk about.
Speaker B: Maybe this is just.
Speaker A: You talk about cauliflower here.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's right. Mister House as a. As a grappler, you know? Is that what you discuss? Is it mostly cauliflower here?
Speaker G: Is that, you know, it? More so in the wrestling room than in the guy in the grappling gym. But I was the reason I was thumbs downing the entire Darren till thing, and I won't go into it, but he has a, we'll say, sketchy, to say the least, track history, so I wouldn't want that associated.
Speaker A: Oh, really? Yeah, it just obliterates other people for a living.
Speaker G: That's the thing, is MMA gets a bad rap. And I'll just say, darren till definitely contributes to that outside of the octagon. But I just wanted to touch on the conspiracy theory part. The reason I wouldn't discredit all conspiracy theories. Just look up Project sunshine, Project Bluebird, and mkultra, and then you'll kind of be along the. Hey, maybe we shouldn't discredit all this until all the evidence comes out. But, yeah, I don't. I don't like Darren till as a good look for anyone who wants to promote a positive environment branded business.
Speaker B: All right, so we're going. We're going full on Susan Darren till, right? Click. Save Frank's BFB. Appreciate you as always, mister House. Let's go to Morgan hand, and then we'll shut this thing down. I just.
Speaker D: I have to ask this question. I know I'm circling back a little bit, but I think we heard that Des isn't going to be on on Friday, so. Des, you said something that's really making me nervous earlier. Are you considering aliens a conspiracy theory?
Speaker C: Wait, first off, I did say I was gonna be there Friday.
Speaker B: Oh, okay.
Speaker D: All right, good. Let's get into this then.
Speaker B: Des.
Speaker A: Morgan looking at Des like he's got paprika on him.
Speaker C: I do believe in aliens. However, I don't believe in a lot of the theories around aliens. Okay, good.
Speaker D: We're good. We're on the same page. Then I was just like, are we starting to call aliens conspiracy theory? Come on.
Speaker C: No, no. Some of the conspiracy theories about aliens, I don't believe in. But in general, as a concept, I believe in aliens. And I hope we meet him.
Speaker B: Yeah. Who do you think we should send from this panel?
Speaker C: Dude, it is such a weird thing, but I swear to God, I've been having so many dreams about, like, zombie apocalypses and alien encounters in the last two months. I swear it's gonna happen. It's happening soon.
Speaker B: Have you been watching?
Speaker C: I did watch that, and I know that's contributing to a little bit of.
Speaker B: It, but I'm only. I'm only three episodes in, so I.
Speaker A: Was on a rant yesterday about the last of us, and the last of us has no fucking right to be so good.
Speaker B: Don't tell.
Speaker A: It's a video game show about it's.
Speaker C: So much better than walking Dead. It's.
Speaker E: Wait, can you give me one good part that's happened in a recent episode? I don't watch it either, but I'd like you to talk about something very recent.
Speaker B: No, stop the. I will literally rug the damn.
Speaker A: No, but it is. It has no right being as good.
Speaker B: As it is so chamber to just on this point, because I think it's. It's so interesting that you say that. Like, you would think. Yes, it's a. It's inspired by a video game. Like, how good could it be?
Speaker A: And it's a fucking zombie show. Like, we're done.
Speaker B: But there.
Speaker A: Zombies.
Speaker B: There is no doubt. Like, there's a reason that I tell people that the last of us was the best game I've ever played. And it's no doubt it was because of the story. Right? Like, it was. I was so compelled by the story that was going on in this video game. Like, it didn't even matter.
Speaker A: You already know what's happening.
Speaker B: Yeah, but it's different.
Speaker A: Like, apparently there's, like, no dip. Like, I mean, except for.
Speaker B: Well, you know, Nick Offerman isn't making out with dudes in the. In the game.
Speaker A: I was seeing proof that. That he was gay in the game, too, so I haven't played the game.
Speaker B: I don't. Dude, the game was so long ago for me. Like, I played this game. Gosh.
Speaker A: But the scene where they find, like, the, like, the magazine in the back.
Speaker B: Like, I forgot about it. Like.
Speaker A: Yeah, like that. That's like a real scene, apparently from the game I didn't play myself.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, you should play it, and then you'll understand why the show is so good. But anyway, that is gonna do it for us. Until next time, stay mint.
