Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am Bunchu alongside my esteemed colleague and co host and mother lover. I don't know what, what it is it cousin lover, cousin Kisser Chamber. Yeah. How you doing, buddy? I'm going through some things, man. For those who are only, for those who are only listening back and don't have the privilege of the first seven minutes of this, they are not going to understand that intro. No, they won't. No. A little tldr for you as well because I don't think you caught all of it. I'm into family tree stuff and I don't know, I think I have over maybe close to 3000 people in my family tree at this point on both sides. So I take myself, I take my wife's family, take my family, and I just, I research and go back and back and back. And I've been trying to get to like, I never knew this about you. Yeah, I think it's kind of cool. Like we have resources. I mean, I was kind of cool. It's kind, it's definitely more nerdy than cool for sure. But I just remember growing up where, you know, your parents would be like, oh, you know, we're related to so and so I got, for me, it was Henry Ford. Oh, I'm a Grover Cleveland descendant. Yeah, see, everybody has one. But then I actually started doing research. I'm like, oh, no, we are not related to Henry Ford. Not even close. We had a Ford, you know, if you go back, a couple of grandparents, we had a Ford grandparent, but that, yeah, maybe his name was Henry Ford. It doesn't mean it was the Henry Ford. It was just Hank Ford. And he was like the local drunk, you know, from village idiot from Delaware. Yeah. So I got into it and I started, I'm like, well, my kids should have like at least some proper data. So for, you know, many years now. Like my, my oldest daughter is almost ten, so probably for a good like eight or nine years I've been doing this. And my, my father in law passed away a couple weeks ago. So I started, I wanted to do something on my wife's side. So I was adding to her side of the family tree. And the further back, you know, you want to try to get back as far as you can. And I ended up finding out she is, were both actually related to Charlemagne, who was a. The rapper. The rapper, exactly. You wouldn't have guessed it, but we're both related to him. No, it was a Frank ruler back in the seven hundreds. And as soon as I saw it pop up. I knew that I was related. That really explains your leadership style. It does. It really does. Long line of kings that I'm related to. Um, but, yeah, we're both, so it's. It's her 38th great grandfather. It's my 36th great grandfather, which I think technically makes me her. Oh, wow. Second uncle 34 times removed or something silly. This is amazing. This reminds me of a show that you turned me on to, what we do in the shadows. And if you haven't seen that show, it is a. It's a show about vampires living in the modern day Staten island. And I literally watched this episode last night where one of the vampires does a family history check, just, like, chamber, and they look up and they say, oh, nandor, do you have any living descendants? And they look it up, and he's like, oh, to my surprise, I have 286,000 living relatives. Then later in the episode, they go to visit one of them, and they position the scene like it's going to be a child, and he brings, like, a toy or something and turns out it's a 90 year old woman. It's just fantastic. So must watch, if you. If you're into that. But I'm. I'm. I don't even know what to say here. I I'm afraid to do that. Like, you don't want to get too close. You don't want to get, like, oh, in 1850, we shared a grandpa. That's a little. Yeah, that's too close. Yeah. So 750 was fine with me. I mean, at some point, everybody's related. Are they? Well, that's. Well, I was messing with my daughter yesterday. I said, well, it turns out I got some bad news that mom and dad are related, and she was freaking out. I'm like, no. Like. And she's like, of course you are. Your mom and dad. We're family, bro. I wish she said that. But no, she freaked out, and. But I explained to her, I'm like, yeah, no, everybody is, in fact, related. You just. A lot of people just don't know who they're related, how they're related, you know? Yeah, some people get the shit end of the stick and end up five six and fat, like me. And some people end up like you. Six three, in fact. Six three, in fact. Yeah. I'd rather be six three than five six and fat. Trust me. I would give. This ratio is just very different. Well, here we are. Well, it's a Friday. Clearly. We are. We're on. We're going hard today. On Friday. We're going hard with the nonsense today. However, I will say this is probably maybe the only actual NFT use case thing that we'll talk about today because of what we're doing here on today's show. How about on chain family trees as a use case for blockchain? Because chamber, then you would have verification, and you wouldn't have to. You wouldn't have to know that Henry Ford that you're related to is not the Henry Ford, but it's just like, you know, Hank. Hank Ford. And like, that would be. That would be good. Right? So what about on chain family trees, the Henry Ford. No nazi sympathizer, though. So in. In retrospect, it's a win. That's right. Yeah. So there you go. The headline is you are not related to a nonsense sympathizer, but. All right, so we're going to do something fun today that originated this morning on coffee with captain. If you were not listening to coffee with captain, I will give you the very 32nd backstory. Every day on coffee with captain, we post the DJ network content schedule for the day. We've been putting that cool graphic out. We've been putting the show links in the thread and tagging all of the wonderful hosts. And today for the NFT lunch break, hosted by Jweb and wigs, the. We accidentally. We accidentally tagged. Not Kyle Riggins. We accidentally tagged Chandler Riggins. For those of you. Did you know how this happened? No, no. I heard the name pop up a couple of times, but I. So you know who Chandler Reagan is? Yeah, from walking dead. Right. He plays Carl from the walking dead. So we tagged him as the host today. And that led to the. The topic of who. Who would you choose for your web three zombie apocalypse team? And so we're going to do like, you know. And cap suggested very, very tongue in cheekily this morning. He goes, hey, bunch, how's your. How's your schedule looking today? Maybe instead of doing one of your candy drafts, you can do this. And he, you know, in his defense, he meant it. I feel like, in a very loving way, Steve jumped all over it, as you know. Hey, that was really condescending, and I thought it was hilarious. I was dying. But. So that's what we're going to do today because it's such a fun topic. And I think chamber, I would love to get everybody on stage involved because it's going to make it really difficult here. So, like, you and I do these drafts all the time, and we go, you know, we go with, it's sometimes easy because there's a lot left on the table we don't do. So we don't go so deep. But if we have, you know, six, seven people drafting their zombie apocalypse team, I mean, it could get pretty, pretty done by the end. And now we do have to set some ground rules, though. One. One is how many people are we actually going to draft? What do we think? Three each? Three. I think three because of, yeah, because of the way that you, you know, that we're going to have to move through this here to get done on time. So I will say, too, I'm going to have a notebook out. Yeah. I'm going to need you to be described. And the other thing I would love is, you know, we always talk about leaving us a little comment down in the purple bubble today. If you leave us a comment, tell us what your zombie apocalypse skill would be. Why should we draft you for the zombie apocalypse? Because maybe you'll give someone some ammo for a draft here today. So comment that below. And I think we can now bring up a couple more people on stage if you want to participate. So if you want to participate, request and we'll get you up and you can draft in here in the zombie apocalypse with us. Now we're going to have to make it kind of quick for the people who are participating because we're going to have a lot to get through here. But so give us who you're going to pick and a justification of what you think their qualifications are and we'll try to keep it as contained as possible. But I think we're going to have a good time here. So before we get started, I'm going to just like lay out a little context for maybe what we're looking for. So, you know, you've got a, if you're experiencing a zombie apocalypse, sometimes you got to prepare both mentally and physically. And that includes like who's going to be your support group? We talk about community here. And in a zombie apocalypse, you're going to have to, you're going to have to start over and be your own grandfathers or whatever you're doing over there. Chamber. And so here's some positions that you might want to consider during your draft. You might need somebody who's resourceful, like gatherer type of person. You may need a medic type, somebody who's smart, that can, you know, problem solve organizer. I think you'll need some combat potentially and, you know, some in a wild card. I would, I would figure I gotta have a wild card you gotta have a wild card. Yeah. The, the, what I'm so happy about during this draft is that I'm a team captain and I get to draft the team because there is no chance I would be drafted. I would be the last, I would be the last kid drafted for the zombie apocalypse. I had zero value in a post apocalyptic world. I live online. I don't leave my house often. I order takeout frequently. And there's just not one hard skill that I have. I could maybe be like, you know, a leader type. I could maybe be a guy. Bunch, you are not selling yourself at all. Right? This, I don't have to. I get to pick the team. I get it. But people are going to feel terrible getting drafted with you. Like you're going, they're going to be like, what's the earliest we can feed him to the zombies and get this link off of us? Look, man, keep me alive. Look, man, I don't, I don't, I'm just drafting the team and the team around me will survive regardless of if I do or not. I'm just drafting the strongest team here. But you're right. Like, I, but I have no sellable zombie apocalypse skills. So actually I would love that. All the team captains here, all the team captains. Before you draft your first person, tell us what your zombie apocalypse skill would be, riggs. I mean, you've got a good case for somebody you'd want on the zombie apocalypse team, but. All right, chambere, what, what's the, like, what's the lineup of people you're seeing on the stage? Because we'll just draft in that order. Okay. So I have, I just started writing down. So it's me, you, James, I have j web, we got riggs, we got circles. Who else do we have? Ninja catch, ninja cap and pain. Is that everybody? I think so. While you figure that out, figure, set the mood. Oh, yeah. In a world where nothing else matters, the zombie apocalypse is in front of us and only web three influencers have survived. Who will it be on your team? Will it be Steve the nerd? Oh, I'm sorry. That only cut out perfectly, by the way. By the way, I was sitting there thinking, what did I play this with, like lyrics in here? Like, that was so good. That was fantastic. Movie trailer guy is one of my, is one of my impressions. So is the goal of this to just survive or to, is to keep pushing the web three agenda after the zombies have taken over? Maybe. That's a good question. That's a great question. Maybe a little bit of both. So chamber, I think what we should do, and this is, unfortunately going to take a little admin work on our part, but let's try to take everybody's team, and let's do, like, the Twitter polls over the next couple days, and we'll see who voted, who got the best can do a roster, how big a team we can do. We're going. We're going to three to start. If we have time, we'll go for. What we can do is we can do a bracket and do, like, a day. Like a couple of times a day. Yeah. Okay. We could do, like, a one through nine. Yeah, we have nine of us. Yeah. I have no clue who the hell I'm gonna pick. I'm actually actively scrolling Twitter to see if I have. If I have people. I'm just looking at people in the audience. All right. Using the audience chamber, we usually. So one point of chamber is drawing dead in this, right? Like, there's no chance I never. He can't win the candy. There's no chance he's winning this. This draft. Well, one. One point of clarification here, are, can you pick, like, a couple as a one, or do they have to be two different picks? Don't you try to pick Morgan for two picks. All right, I'm just asking. We all know who you're talking about, Bunch. You can't ask that. I'm just asking for clarification. I don't want it to be a point of contention once the draft has. What's a couple like? No couples, people. No good. No Chad, no couples. Like, you know, you and your. You and your granddaughter, wife or whatever you've got on there. Just call me Uncle Chad tonight. That's so fucked. Here. All right, let's. Let's play. All right, so, chamber, I'm going to let you pick the draft order. Okay? We'll go. We'll go reverse order. We'll go pain cap, blockchain, ninja circles, rigs, j webs. James. Bunch. Me. Oh, my God. Wow. I got almost second to last. And we're going snake draft, right? Yeah, we'll go snake draft twice. Okay, so who's up? Payne with the first. I'm so happy. I wasn't really prepared to be first. I thought I was last. It was. It was between. With the first overall pick, LeBron James. I think we. I think we know the chalk pick. Based on this morning. I think it's pretty easy to think Morgan like, it was. Wow. Morgan going first. Number one overall pick. Morgan. All right, I like it. Gotta be. Tell us a little bit why you're choosing Morgan for those who weren't around this. Yeah. Yeah, I was. I have no idea why Morgan's going at the top of the track. Well, if you don't know Morgan, she can snipe your face off. That's. That's. That's really all I need right there. I need. I need a leader and I need a killer. And she's got both of them. I can vouch for that. I can vouch for that. She has both of those skills. Definitely leader. They call her the Morganizer. So your camp will be. Will be nicely organized at the very least. And then she can also, she revealed today on coffee with captain that she is actually a grade a sniper and she can handle a rifle. So. For real? Yeah, lots of. Lots of tools. She's a five tool player, fully on board with. And that's where my couples question came from, so. All right, we've got Morgan off the board. First. We're going to have to do a little resets every, every so often here to remind people what they have. But chamber. Who's next? We got cap next on the. Next on the. I'm kind of torn here. I wasn't expecting the second pick. I was actually kind of hoping for the last pick. I was. Especially in this snake draft format here, uh. Cause I have several sleepers, so now I'm torn. Do I take the favorite here, the popular pick? Because I'm pretty confident. Like, my sleepers are sleepers. Although, like, in my head, I'm gonna be tilted if I don't. If. If this one in particular doesn't get back to me. But I'm gonna. I'm gonna risk it. I'm gonna roll the dice. And I guess I should clarify. Are we allowed to draft other speakers, or is everyone else on stage off limits? No, everyone on stage is off limits. They're their own team captain. So you can't take, J Reb, you can't take riggs, and you can't take, because those are. Those are the ones that came up this morning as stars you might want on your team. Well, yeah. Let it be known that my pick here, if I could draft him, would be riggs in his armory. I want to make sure that if I'm ever. If spicy cap is ever invoked, I'm going to remain on the same side of the conversation as riggs. Not someone I want to upset, at least not too much, you know, I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go outer looming here. I think the brains, Ray, I don't think she'd get back to me and I want her on my team. I was definitely. I think if there's. Yeah, if there's a chance of like, any sort of, like, you know, cure for these zombies or whatever the hell we're getting into, I just, I think she's a, she's an mvp of. If you ever need. If you ever need to explain in great detail traits of web three projects to zombies. Outer lumen is your pick. I love it. And, and two females off the board first, which is just very progressive of us all up here, so congrats. The, uh, but outer Lumen, fantastic pick. She. So, cap, was she a sleeper? Because I don't think she's sleeper. I think she's like. I didn't. I think I could have gotten her. So I guess what I said this morning is I'm going to spoil my. I. I'm probably going to front run my next pick here because I was going to go brain. Brain at the turn. If I got like the, you know, the last pick in the first round, I was going to go brains over. Over brawn. I thought many would pick the, you know, the big, you know, the big. The athletes and those that are, you know, have a full, you know, arsenal of guns. Like riggs thought they would slide a little bit. So I think I could have got outer a little bit later, but I'm very happy with the first round selection. Yeah, I dig it. All right, who's next? We got blockchain ninja up next. We lose him? Did we lose him? Yeah, he's not. He's not up anymore. Oh, he's coming up. He's been eliminated. He is eliminated already. I'm going to invite him to speak again, see if. See what happens. Did we get a DEs sighting in here? We did. I just came back up. Am I about to lose my co host spot for the third fucking time today? But he becomes eligible for the draft. No, no, you're. But DES can definitely be involved. So, Des, you'll just go after chamber, who's live now. But we've got zombie web three apocalypse draft, if you haven't been following. So blockchain ninja, you're up with your first pick. So I actually misunderstood. I thought we were coming up to participate, like, on a team. I don't want to pick my own team. I just want to be on another team. I mean. All right, well, combat experience. Combat experience for six years, sniping capabilities, trained hand to hand and hand weapon combat with Spetsnaz, israeli commandos. Gurkhas. Yeah. So, well, who's next? Because this is bullshit. That is. That was going to be. It was between blockchain ninja and Morgan. So that was kind of unfortunate. He just. He sold my sleep pick right there. That's really funny. So who is actually next? We'll put. We'll put Des in here. Okay. Do you want to take blockchain ninja or do you have another pick? I mean, this is definitely why I'm not coming on the podcast as much as anymore. What the hell are we doing? I just told you, we're drafting our web three zombie apocalypse team. Got it. I'm going to need a little bit more context to participate. There is no context. Who would you pick from a zombie apocalypse? Like, out of web? Three characters. Correct. Jesus, dude. I don't know. I'm all about. I was just not eat him yet. I got an answer. Can't be anybody on stage. On. Not on stage. Okay. Okay, okay. You know what? I am into, like, the intelligence operative kind of vibe of that. I need. I need the intelligence to make the decisions. And I'm just gonna go with warp. Joe could probably find that information. He seems like. Like a silent killer. Like maybe he's not doing the physical lift. He was on a draft board, but I kind of like the vibe there. I feel like we need some good intelligence. Gray. Call. Great call. It's a great pick. It is a really. It's a really good pick. And. And under fire, under the gun. Really nice job, Des. So, uh, now you're. Now you're fully caught up. The only other picks before you, uh, Morgan Matosky went first. Could I ask a quick question? Uh, yes. So I'm really not sure what's going on right now. I'm kind of afraid to ask. Oh, uh, how we're. We're dressed. Yeah. That being said, if I was. Knew that something like this was going to happen, if. Is there a character that is more like a, like, can control? It has drones that they can send up for surveillance, can operate, you know, networks, because as much as having, you know, brute force and all of that goes, knowing the terrain around you using drones, using cameras, I think, is a way better chance of survival than just trying to brute force your way with a fucking ax. Yeah, I guess it depends on, like, how much of that connectivity you think you'll have in a zombie apocalypse situation. You had a Wi Fi router, and then you created one quadrotor drone that would be like, your broadcaster. I might be taking you on my team. Keep talking. That and that one would be like one you'd launched right off the bat, but that would broadcast to a group of, say, seven or eight that you could send off in a net. Like, you have your own network that you control with, you know, cameras set up, is easy. Fucking. If you have a good Wi Fi router, you could 3d print some drones and fucking go. Go to town. As long as you. I don't know if we're gonna have Wi Fi during an apocalypse. All right, well, that's. The debate, is wi fi. If you want to. If you want to pick the. Those types of traits, you are more than welcome to. You're making the assumption that you will, and I think that's fair. So network, obviously, the Internet itself would be down, but, like a closed network, you, like, know, like a private network. Have you guys ever done any of that? Or is it. No, we're. We're brute force, zombie apocalypse folks here. We don't have any of those skills. That's why we need people like you. Chamber. Who. Who's next? Oh, we got circles next on the clock, so I have a sleeper, but then blockchain a wasn't one of the people who was on draft, and b, he dropped his whole skillset. So, I mean, the obvious choice is blockchain ninja. You just had to do it. If it would have. It would have been terrible if he fell to me, because I would have taken him. Who's. Who's next? We got riggs next on the clock with the fifth overall selection in the web three apocalypse draft. I am taking g man. G man is a former marine, an outdoorsman understands armory, which will help with my. With my guns and ammunition that I have. So gmad Eth is off the board. Wow. Good, solid pick, and fantastic presentation. I hope you do that. Every pick. So, g man, we're gonna need his at. If you can pass that along so we can tag him. Gman eth. Perfect. All right. Can't go wrong with the crayon eater. You can't. So kudos to you, g man. Yeah. Who's next? We got Jweb. We got jweb next. You know, for my pick, I think I'm gonna go with Richard Ryan, member of the community, founder of Black Rifle Coffee. I know he's got guns. He's a pretty sharp guy. And I need that ammunition because I'm not a gun person myself, so that's who I'm going with. All right. I like it. Okay. A lot of artillery coming off the board in the first round here. Scared Americans is all I'm smelling. All right, who's next? Oh, God. James is up next. Ooh, James. Interesting. I am shocked, and maybe I just didn't listen that he's still on the board, but I'm going with web three. Stephen. Mm hmm. Is he still up? Yeah, he's still on. Morgan went first. Morgan went first. And they. And they left the other Matoski out there for. For the taking. I am shocked and appalled that he's still here, but very happy because you guys already make a good team. This is already setting up to be a. To be a killer team here. Wait till you hear pick two. Oh, boy. Yes. You are next. Okay, I'm going to go a little different here. I'm going with, um. I'm going with the medic category here, and, um, because I feel like they're going to be hard to find later in the draft as people come to, you know, need some medical folk. And I'm going to take one of the most resilient folks that I know. I'm going with, uh, doctor Keith Schmidt. Uh, oh, yeah. Of the moonbird variety. And I'm taking. He. He's a. He's a triathlete. I believe he. Or maybe God, I wouldn't be surprised if he's, like, a deca athlete. And he is also a medic. He's also super smart, resilient, resourceful. I'm taking Keith as my number one pick. Love it. Okay, I'm excited here. I'm not going for. I'm looking for chill vibes in the post department. I'm not looking for big leaders. I'm not looking for people horned up on trying to shoot some zombies. Just chill out, guys. You know, let's. Let's. Let's cool it. So I'm my. My, uh, one of my favorite people in web three. I want to hang out with him a bit more. And that's suga Shane. Uh, that's who I'm taking. Oh, wow. That's my guy. I think he's a big dude, too. So, like, I feel like a couple of big dudes just chilling out post apocalypse. It's a good time. I feel like no zombies are going to mess with us. Squats. Weird. Exactly. He's from the mountains. I feel like he may know how to survive a little bit, you know? So Shane's my number one pick, and then I get the second pick or the first pick of the second round, and I'm gonna go with fellow. Fellow war room member. I don't think she's here right now, but I'm going with corporate trash. Oh, good pick. I was. She was. She's chill. I'm looking for chill people in my post apocalyptic family. She was on my draft. That family's not going to last long if you're all chill. Let me just tell you what. You guys are going to shoot each other by, like, day three, all right? We're just. We're just eating mushrooms in the woods. You won't make it to day three, so that's okay. That's the thing, man. Those that, those that will bury themselves in their little bunkers will eventually, like, tick their head out and everybody's outside, like, partying, having a good time. Big dude, what are you doing down the bunker, bro? Like, what's going on? Like, fucking come out of there, you fucking cave man. That's right. So you went. So chamber. Hold on. You went. What were your first two? CT and Shane. Okay. Wow. All right. What's crazy here is, like, there's not a lot that have gone outside of, like, the DJ network community yet, so there's a lot to be had there out in just like, wider web three. I'm actually going to take. I thought I had my pick and then he knocked my first pick, so he's no longer my pick. And I'm going to go. I'm going to go off the board here and I'm going to take. I'm going to take. Military kid qualified for world's toughest mudder on a 24 hours endurance race. I'm going with Suarez. Suarez. Somebody that is just an absolute warrior of a human. He's like, he's also super kind and I would be honored to have him on my zombie apocalypse team. So you in battering Ram? Of course. Yes. He's. That's right. Who was that, Pat? I don't know who that was. From the top, turnbuckle. No, I'm talking about Billy Joel. I'm sorry. Who's taking Pat in their zombie apocalypse? All right, so we've got James coming back for pick, too. I feel like James is drafting a killer team here. Well, then I'm going to have to keep this going. I see Morgan down there. I hope she's not going to somehow, like, come in and trump my. My first pick in some way by some, like, agreement that's been set up, so I'm not going to recognize the hand at the moment. Second pick, web three guy. I went IQ on the first one. Uh, I'm going total EQ on this one. I'm going with Gary Vaynerchuk. Oh, my goodness. Too much. I'd murder him myself before David. Gary V is obvious. Do you think he's going to talk the, uh, talk the zombies down or what? Sell them a good friend. Give him a plush in case we need to sell them anything or barter with them. I'm going to need him on our team, you know. Thanks for having me on my team, James. Oh, my God. Gary v. Chill out, gary. You're bringing all the zombies to us. Like, gary, Gary. This is the worst kind of engagement. My curious thing is like, so how do you win in this scenario? Do you just survive the longest or. I don't know exactly what my dude, it's not that deep. Yeah, I don't know what the criteria is. We are going to put these teams to a vote, though, and the people will speak so you can vote based on how you, if they'll survive the longest, maybe if they'll sell the most nfts if you're James's team or put together a network which, which you are very skilled at, it sounds like. So we've got to go rolling with who we got. J web. We have jweb. That's correct. J web with my second pick, the steal, the draft. Can't believe he's fallen this far, but I'm taking Dow Jones. Oh, good. Damn you, bro. I was hoping he would drop to me now. J Webb, why are you picking Dow Jones? For those who may not be familiar with Dow, you know, I got a little more. This is purely based on info this morning about how just handy this guy is. You know, we could go into abandoned home depot and he could put together just an absolute fortress for us. That's a great, great call. Combine that with, with Richard Ryan and then my ability to do, you know, I can just move the heavy stuff for those guys and let them go to work. That's going to be my game plan there. I like it. Before we go to Riggs for the next pick, Morgan is way too polite for this conversation. She's been sitting patiently with her hand up the whole time. So morgan, as the first overall pick in the draft by team pain or t pain for short. Get in here. And first of all, welcome to the stage. Number one overall pick, Morgan Matoski. Oh, thank you so much. Really appreciate that. Guys. Bunch. Great pick. Brilliant. Loved it. Chamber. I'm not really sure what to do with you. I'm not sure about the chill out. I mean, we need mixed. You give. Americans are all hopped up looking for aggression all the time. Chambers throwing Woodstock while we're all trying to survive the fucking apocalypse. Exactly. Chamber knows how to do life and death, apparently. But no, I was going to say you guys are all, you guys are all forgetting one key point here. And I'm just shocked that nobody's asked the question of their draft picks. Who has small children and who doesn't. Because we all know I'm child free. So guess what? I have no emotional ties to anything. Morgan, you can stop. I'm not bringing the tribe down. Bunch. Who's already got a Saquon Buckley jersey for that number 26, that mug, right. No. So they need not somebody with or without kids, but somebody that can produce kids to keep the world going afterwards. That's very true. Blockchain. You're taking away some strategy I have later. You're ruining it. Morgan. You can stop selling. You were picked first overall. The value is, is seen and your, your value is number one and. All right, so just saying it's a factor to consider. It totally is. I don't know if any. I actually didn't consider that. So I don't know if any of my picks have swores has kids. Keith has kids. I'm fucked. Yeah. I've already thrown my kids at the zombies at this point. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's clear, right? I'm looking at already got mutant hound dragon wings on those mug that is killing me. Somebody's going to take Pat as like Mister irrelevant last pick in the draft. I think the. All right, riggs, you're up. Well, this, this crowd may not like this one, but with the 14th overall selection in the apocalypse draft, I'm taking the new co CEO of rug radio Locksley as he's one of the smartest individuals I know and extremely resourceful. So Loxley is off the board. Interesting you've gone to that are outside of our normal system here. Big flops. Big flops. Pat doesn't like your picks. You said it. The crowd doesn't like it. The Mel Kuiper of the group here isn't buying it. So you've got Locksley as your second pick. We've got circles coming back for his second round. He took blockchain ninja number one. Circles, who's your number two pick? Hey, so I was getting a little rugged there. Has Dow Jones been picked yet? Yes, off the board. All right. By J. Webb. Then I guess my second pick is going to be pop up hunter chopping. That good, good firewood that we're going to need to keep warm. I was wondering if Punter would come off the board. I like that pick. He. If you like to play bingo, he's got you there. If you like chopping wood, he's got you there, dude. He's steady Eddie. He's steady Eddie. And you know what the best part is? He's a part of every show, so he gets a little cut right of each time. That's it. That's royalties. That's how royalties work there. All right, we've got punter off the board. Des, are you understanding what's going on now? Kind of. I'm just so curious how you guys did this much research to figure out who you're going to freaking pick. Like, I feel like you missed the backstory. The backstory was that this topic got brought up this morning on coffee with captain, and so we kind of pivoted the topic today to make sure that we could cover this. So the folks here on stage have been thinking about his most. I feel like a tumble salt. And here I am. See, Pat landed a tumble salt and he's here. All right, Des, who you got? Now, I got a quick question. Are we given a specific location or do we got to find the location of where to camp out? I think you got to find it. All right, well, then I'm going. A lot of people have been going on artillery. Obviously, intelligence is important. I'm going with, like, the venue and location. I'm going to go more willy of the happy goat.org, who owns a giant farm and ranch. And that's where we're going to hunker down. So I'm going to get that location locked in and I'm going to go more Willy from the happygoat.org. oh, I like the pick. I absolutely like the pick. Yeah, he's a great dude, by the way. It's interesting. I was wondering if you were going to take some of your deep goat alpha here and choose some folks. There was a rock down there said that he was most likely, he was voted most likely to survive in prison by the goats community. So he might be a solid pick. All right, so you've got, you've got warp Joe solid and more. More Willy. Is that what it is? Yeah. You don't know Willie. Willie's great. I probably do. But when you say the handles, it's like, you know, you know how it is with the handles. All right, Captain Cap, you. You're round two pick here. I'm curious. It's probably. I would guess you probably still have some on the board. Yeah, I do. I think I'm going to take a little bit of a gamble here and I think one of my sleepers will fall. I think I've got some inside info that I'm. I think it's. I'm the only one privy to. So I'm going to take a little bit of gamble and hope I slide the swing pick and. No, we're gonna go with boots. We're gonna go. Known superhero in all of web three. Brings packs with him at dollar. You're dead. Boots is gonna be way too loud. He's gonna check all the zombies. You're dead. Yeah. So that he's loud and I believe I can outrun him. So I think he's a big target. He's a superhero. He, like, I just, I think there's multiple thoughts that go into this boot strategy and it's like, it's kind of like chambers strategy of like, you know, chill. We'll have some fun around the campfire. But yet he actually packs a little punch as well. Right, then beat him over the head when he least expected with one of those canadian wood rocks. With one of those fucking. Yeah, I mean, that's a solid strategy. When Boots is sleeping. You hit him over the head and you leave him for dead. That's it. Um, so, all right, so you've got outer lumen and boots. That's a very interesting team. Boots was going to be my second pick but then he bashed my first pick so I need team chemistry. So I wasn't going to. I couldn't pick him in good conscious with my second pick but we are now on to pain, so pain. It's been quite a long time since you first drafted Morgan in the first round. So I need to ask you have any of the picks that have gone after, would they have been on your team and. And then you can go with your pick? Yeah, I would have had outer loom and I was really hoping punter would fall to me. He, he slipped quite a. Quite a bit and then he got snatched up at the end. But I had a lot of time to build a board. I've, I've got Morgan. She's, she's holding things down. She's got a lot of areas covered. I'm, you know, I'm also pretty tall, got a pretty decent build, even though it's slowly deteriorating as I get older. But I'm kind of looking for that survival specialist trained in animal intelligence. So one of my picks is going to be Aaron down there. Oh, good, good. Interesting. Yeah, dude, I love how this guy became fucking animatronics. He's like, yeah, I'm gonna convert into this fucking sort of. Sort of deal. Like, as I convert into evolution. Pat. Pat has become the Mel kuiper of this. Of this draft where. Which was very unexpected. And, dude, I stumbled in here, I think, what is this? This is how to. How to do security with NFTs, right? Yeah, this is NFT security talk with the mint condition. We do have blockchain ninja on stage, so that qualifies as proper security speed. Right on, dude. Right on, man. Well, so pain. I forgot it's a snake drive. You go again. So you're rounding out your team? Yeah, I've really got to round it out. I saw blockchain ninja had his hand up. I didn't know if that would help me stall for time, but. Do we want to go to his hand? Sure. Oh, yeah. Yeah, let's go to blockchain ninja. I didn't see his hand. Sorry. I appreciate that pain. I was just going to say next time we should do this, like, solely based on PFP. Like, literally, that's the only qualification, is your Pfe. That would make it a lot more fun. PFP is already dead. I'm fucked. I actually like doing the traits. Yeah, you're totally screwed. I like doing the traits of your pf only zombies. Yeah. What a great. What a great wrinkle that would be for next time. All right, I like that. All right, we've got pain rounding out his team here. We're actually on decent track. Yeah. And the beauty of it, I have Morgan up here. That. What a pleasure, Morgan. Is there anyone you're just really dying to get on the team? Oh, wow. This is community sourcing. Is she still up here? No, she's not on the stage anymore. She dropped. That's it. No more help. Well, I think I'm going to go with. I'm going to round it out with. With another wild card that. That may not have been thought about, but I'm gonna go with Stacky Robinson. She's a. She's a firecracker. She's. She's very intelligent. And I know that she can help. Help lead this pack with Morgan. I like that pick. Very, very resourceful. She can cook, too. She's. She gets down in the kitchen. I need a. I need a cook, I think. Cause I can't do it. I'm sure Keith can cook sloppy Joe's bunch, you sloppy Joe? I can do sloppy Joe's. I can do sloppy Joe's. All right, we've got cap for your third pick. Yeah, kind of cheating with this one. Got some inside info during the discussion this morning. Also, if we. This. This one plays through to the next time we do this based on pfps, you know, the strong jawline and traps. I'm actually gonna go with Mister Benjamin here. The. You may not know this, but there's a maybe it might be. And he was in here. I think we lost him. So I'll have to tag him so he knows he got picked, because there is a. There may or may not be a direct correlation with Floridians and survival and setting themselves up for success in this post apocalyptic world. So I'll drop a photo down below of some of the supporting evidence I have that this is probably the best sleeper and will be a future first rounder once you're aware of the pick here. Interesting that it's a good pick. Your full team here. So we've got pain's full team. Morgan, Aaron and Stacky Robinson. Payne. Cap, you have outer Lumen, boots, and Mister Benjamin. Solid squad there. We're going back. He forgot assaults. He the Des Europe lasted. Who did capic with his. With his last. Sorry, Mister Benjamin. Oh, mister Benjamin. Sorry. Yes, thank you. Dad's go ahead. Yep. I do think bunch made a strong choice. I wanted Keith on my roster as well. So I'm going to go with a different physician and I'm going to go the son of Dylan, Rosie, I mean, the dad of Dylan. Rosie, we're going to go papa Rosie the physician to just qualify that medical aspect of it. I think Roach, you almost had paparazzi. If you would have chose Papa Roach, that would have been a great choice. I'm gonna unfortunate something if that happened. So, Pat, when we get to the end here, I don't, don't jump in yet, but when we get to the end, I want to know your full squad, who would you have? Yeah, start giving it some thoughts. We've got circles now, so, Des, your full team is warp Joe, more Willy, Papa Rosie and circles, you're up. I've got a few that I'm kind of toying with. I think I'm going to have to keep it on the high security intelligence. Go Mister House. Yeah, I think I'll finalize with Mister House. Although if anybody is looking for another sleeper, Joe's son was my second pick. Interesting. So you've got blockchain, ninja Punter, and Mister House. Okay, solid squad there. Riggs, you're on the board here with g man Loxley. And here is your final pick with my final pick in the 23rd selection. Overall selection in the apocalypse draft. I'm going with a sleeper who I don't even know if this person knows who I am with the blockchain ninja logic of needing to produce as well as some massive intelligence this woman has. Jen Fasano. Hmm, interesting. Do you mean reproduce? Yes, that is absolutely what I mean. Typical, typical. By the way, this is like a bingo card. It's like a bingo card item for lunch break. Riggs fucks up a word, a saying, something like that. It's absolutely a thing to produce. Produce what? Reproduce. Reproduce. Okay, gotcha. I'm dying. We get it finger in holes, right? Jesus Christ, Pat. Come on, Pat. I love it. All right, all right, all right. I gotta settle down. What was the name of the future? Misses Riggs? Oh, no, not that part. I'm gonna say, just let me reiterate her brains. She's an intelligent person that I think will add a tremendous amount of value. What was her name again, sir? Fasano. Jen. Yes. You've got quite a squad here that you've got. You've got a pretty good squad. All right, J. Webb, this is. You've got Richard Ryan, you've got Dow Jones. Who are you going with for your last pick? I was gonna lean in the medical direction, but I swear to Christ, we need some levity. I'm drafting Pat. Like this guy's cracking me up. I feel like I need to have. I don't know what other skills he brings. I got it. I need Pat in the situation. You know, like even the toilet bowl, right? The toilet. Like we need the floater, right? That's me. Let's check it in. You know, I'm already so happy with my draft pick. I'm already so happy with this dude. I don't know what, I don't know what Richard Ryan sounds like, but Pat and Dow Jones, oh, fuck, that's. That's an all time. That's a conversation I want to be a part of. Right? Take that to the, take that to your fucking small endeavors box, what they call it. I have no clue who I'm going to pick next. So. So, J. Webb, you've got your final squad is Richard Ryan, Dow Jones, and Pat is the real. All right. I'm dream team. I love, I loved how you said. And Pat. Well, I mean, Pat, I'll tell you, there's no way Pat would have been on any draft boards if he was not here providing the intense, insane commentary that he is. And so. And I'm glad that he has brought the. The commentary to the draft, but, I mean, I don't know if he was on draft boards. He's a sleeper pick, so I didn't mean to spike the DJ and fucking rollios. What is. What are you guys betting? Fucking little season pizzas. All right, we've got. We got. James, you're up. All right, so I'm a big believer that the teams should have worked together in the past. So I'm going with web three Stevens, former ranking officer. No, Chris Hoddle, also currently in the military. And while Chamber is singing Kumbaya around the campfire, we're gonna be getting Ted talks from Gary V. Man. That was my. That was my pick. I'm totally out of line. That's a good pick now. Yeah, it's a freaking good pick. Damn it, man. I don't know what to do now. A lot of hogs on that team. That's all I'm saying. I'm gonna end up having to draft, like, fucking JPE. JP's not a bad pick. No, I know, but I just don't want to. As long as you don't end up with Steve, you're fine. By the way, we got to know. No, he's going undraft. I didn't want to bring it up. We can't not drop. I'm. If Bunch is not drafting him, I'm definitely not drafting him. I don't know if I am. I might draft JP. I don't know. Did Steve. Did Steve list his marketable skills? I don't know. What if you're not aware of his marketable skills yet, we don't. Then there's no chance we're going to know them. That's funny, man. I don't know. I know. I really want to drop the hammer on a bunch of. I'm sick that I didn't get Chris. That was my military play, and I didn't. But I got Suarez, so I'm good there. I guess. I guess I'll. I'll do a little JP. Caz. You know, one thing I would love in the zombie apocalypse is to get talked shit to for all eternity. So I'll put JP on the board. You know, the best part is you got foot. You got the foot on lockdown. That's what I'm talking about. Right? That's exactly right. If I want. If the zombies needed to be flooded to death. We've got JP cast. So I'll take JP on my team. My, my zombie apocalypse squad. Keith Suarez, JP Kaz chamber. Close it down. Wow. How, how do you draft a. What do you got 123-45-6788 or nine person draft here golf ball team. Yeah, but we've. And we did it within 1 minute of closing the show. What's amazing. That is absolutely phenomenal. So bring us home here. So I've been just scrolling through Twitter trying to find. And I'm gonna pick. This is a new person I found more recently, but I was a big fan. I actually think I've commented in our private chat bunch about her fellow canadian. She was on some spaces. Worldly, if you're familiar. Big fan in her bio is good. Hashtag good vibesonly. Oh, wow. I mean, how can we not have her on the team? So shout out to worldly with my last pick. That's it. Your team. Your team vibes. Vibes all day, man. I'm not looking to be stressed out during this apocalypse. I've been stressed out with, you know, he's gonna come in like, what were you regular day to day is. Nah, cT's gonna. By the way, nobody drafted Steve. We know what we did. Nobody drafted. He's gonna be so Madden, he's gonna be so mad. Bench player, right? He's like numbers. He's a seven man, six man, big six man guy. Coming up, I was contemplating drafting misses nft bark just to piss him off, just to make him mad. He's gonna be sitting here listening to it, like just stewing the entire time. Like every pig that goes by and he's not chosen, his face is gonna get a little bit redder and a little bit is gonna come out of his ears. That's cool. It's a fucking good gift. Little Caesar's pizza is the quote of the day for me. I'm ready, baby. Let's get it. $5, right? Five, dude. Remember it used to be like, I don't know. Now it's a $5. The best thing you ever see. And then. Holy shit, man. I should have just got a Celeste with. With Pat's first pick, he chooses Mama Celeste. And thank you. Like mama used to make. That's right. Honorable mention for my team. I really thought about drafting Emily from foolproof. That would have been an honorable mention for my team. Anybody close that didn't make the one close. It was function. Big fan. It can't be. Conjunction junction. What's your function? I mean, proven it. He's always mikey to me, but yeah, at function, has some chill vibes to him, talks to trees, you know, he's got a lot of things happening for him, so. Big fan. Big fan of him as well. Any other honorable mentions from the teams up here that almost made your list? I had mentioned briefly warp Joe's son. The guy or the kid can apparently like hit bullseyes at the shooting range and also sass talks the whole time that he's doing it. So that was a close contender on mine. Chris Hoddle was the boots. I just didn't want to get fudded by boots. Boots is a good pick, but Chris Hoddle was, in my mind, is actually who I should. Yeah, that was the better pick. I was so mad that I thought he was going to fall back to me at the end. I really thought. I really thought it was going to come back to me. I was pretty devastated when I found out about Chris because that's what Morgan was going to suggest. But she. That's why I was so glad that she was not on stage because I knew she would have said that. Oh, the draft is rigged is what she said. She said that she was trying to get back on stage. Mister House was my sleeper. Yeah, I think he's trained in jujitsu. Interesting. Hey, buns chamber. I got a jet, I got a space. I gotta. I'm supposed to actually be running. And I'm James. I love you guys. Thanks. Appreciate you. Some comments from the war room here. Nobody picked Vicki. That would have been a good. I think she'd be a good pick in the zombie apocalypse. Great. Call t row for show. Says he's fine not being drafted. He'd rather pick his own team. That's fair. And yeah, so, I mean, this was fantastic. Mister Benjamin, I see your hand up. I didn't realize until after you were picked when cap, you know, doxed your arsenal over there. So you are clearly a he's locked pick that just he stole. So on the third round, this guy's definitely with me in the fucking thing. We're going to cook one more piece of pizza and be like, all right, at least we got the fucking stuff, right? Sorry, Pat, you're with J. Webb, Dow Jones and. And Richard Ryan. And you can't switch teams even if you bring all the mama Celeste pizzas. Mister Benjamin was up. Yeah, no, I just. I felt like it was a little unfair because I didn't actually give cap my creds. Yeah, it's a little more extensive than those photos, but I got, I got some, some people underneath, underneath me that are very valuable. One of my clients, they don't come with the, they don't come with the territory, though. Oh. They come with his mom with the red money. Just taking. They're part of, they're part of my resources. And one of my clients actually locally owns a bullet manufacturing facility. A very. Oh, my goodness. And I just sent, I just sent cap a picture of a corner of his gun safe. You don't need a bullet manufacturer when you have a quarter million rounds of ammunition already. Let's ride. Come on. He does a billion primers a month out of that facility. A billion. I don't know if you guys know my statement, I don't know if you guys know this, but I have JP Cass, so. Yeah, it's what? We're the best freaking igloo makers. We'll put fucking freaking guns right through them. Right. I mean, I know that was a pat on my team. J web, did you, did you take into consideration the igloo making skills when you drafted path? Well, we all know the zombies don't like the cold, so we're just going to head up north and we'll be all couple igloos. Mom, pizza, and you're good to go. All right. This was very, very fun. We will figure out how to, we'll figure out how to get the voting going on this, but it'll be. We'll get it out there. This was a fantastic time chamber. Any parting words here? No. I'm surprised with how many. The vast majority of you went hardcore into protection and bullets and loud things and loud people. And I feel like quiet and chill is the way to live through the zombie apocalypse. I feel like you're just calling attention to yourselves. I gotta jump in here, dude. I bunch you and you guys, the first time you guys meet each other, you have a good laugh at a shooting range, pop off some shots, eat a bagel. Can we shoot the bagels? Sounds like a great. We could. Here's the problem, though, with the zombie apocalypse, and if you watch walking dead, you'll understand this. Zombies aren't the problem. After a little while, they're easy to handle. It's other people that are the problem. That's why guns. That's true. Oh, that's why you have the suit of people. I see, I see. Okay, interesting. All right. That is gonna be fucking great. We did that whole show. We did that whole draft in. We're only seven minutes over, and it's not because of the draft. It's because of the nonsense after. So this was a fun show. Thank you all for participating. By the way, I bought JP Kaz. My teammates is closing his AI icons mint soon. I bought ten here just to give away. So everybody up on stage who participated, I will be dropping you a piece of artwork from my very own teammate. Drafted in. Steve. Yeah, maybe Steve. Maybe two first. We're not going to live this one down. Yeah. Everybody on stage here is definitely getting a. A piece of. Congrats on getting the fucking Gilbert. That's. Fuck. That's like some sort of fucking weird shit. That's like. Don't even think it. Don't even ask. Just let it go. All right, I'm gonna try to have you sign out with. With this in the background. Let's see how good you are in a world where nothing else matters. JP Kaz saves them all. Coming to theaters November 14, 2044 fudpocalypse. Fantastic bunch. Fantastic. Until next time, stay mint.
