Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Degen Network, the only community based web three media network, bringing you the very best content in the NFT and cryptocurrency space. Please visit dgen.net work and check out our other great shows. That's dgen. Dgen.net work. Welcome to the future.
Speaker B: Today, on the Mint condition, we talked to Safa and valet Jones, co founders of Tally Labs. We're talking bored and dangerous Azerbala and how tally is spearheading a new form of storytelling from inside the metaverse. Let's go. Hello and welcome to the Mint condition. I am Bunchu, alongside my esteemed colleagues and co hosts, chamber and Des Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker A: I'm doing. You know what? We're getting into spooky season. We're a couple of. A couple of days away from October. My wife listen to this, okay. I'm in my basement office here. It's a spare room. Yesterday, I swear to you, she tells me that on a couple of different occasions when we've had people over, some of her friends, they've said that they've thought this room was haunted. She literally just told me that I'm gonna. It's dark back here. I had to turn the lights down to make sure my lighting was good. I'm scared shitless in this room for, like, the last 24 hours. I don't know about you guys, but I don't like me. No ghosts in my office. So, yeah, I'm a little shook. So if you see anything weird in the background, 100% it's a ghost.
Speaker B: Des, you're looking a little less spooked today. How are you doing, my friend?
Speaker C: I'm actually surprised to hear that. I feel like Chambers won with the dark side and the evil spirits.
Speaker A: I think it's a good ghost.
Speaker C: Bullish on my dead heads. Oh, God. You remember that? And then, you know, I don't know that skull as his moniker. I just. I'm surprised to hear that he's.
Speaker A: It's all a ruse. It's all a ruse.
Speaker B: I have a quick. I have to mention this, Des. We've seen you a million times on this podcast with your goats background. This one's new. Tell us what. Tell us what we're looking at.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah. So our artist and our team did some really cool kind of, I don't know, scenes, if you'll call it that goats genuinely participate in. And obviously, some of those were sports watching and wagering. So this was a cool, cool mock up they did inside the maison, watching some sports with your buds in a bar. So all good things in here. Yeah.
Speaker B: Very cool. Very cool. And now to our guests. We are very pleased to have the team from tally labs rejoining us, returning to the show after over a year since their first appearance, Safa and valet Jones. Safa, how are you doing today, GM?
Speaker D: I'm doing great. It's crazy that it's been over a year. We were here on, on midnight, August of last year. So now it's only fitting that we're back before another big week for, for tally lapse.
Speaker B: Well, yes, it is. We'll get into that in a minute, but, you know, another big week for tally, which we'll get into. But I will say thank you guys both for thinking of us as a place to come to with your big news and energetic announcements and things like that. So we appreciate having you both. Valet m. Jones. How are you doing today? And please tell the people, everybody wants to know. Everyone wants to know what the m stands for.
Speaker E: Oh, yeah. I mean, well, first of all, GMGM. Thank you for having us. I mean, joining the mint condition with any type of news is always at the top of our list, so no need to thank us for that. Yeah, the m, it's funny, people, people are asking about my middle name. I'm surprised by that because, you know, you, you, I don't know. But yeah, the m stands for motherfucking. My full. My birth name is valet motherfucking Jones. I guess my parents had a sick sense of humorous. It is what it is. This is who I am. And there you go. That's the live on the mint condition. I am fully dogged.
Speaker A: Isn't it a family name? Doesn't it come through the generations? It is on your dad's side. I wasn't sure if it was your mom or your dad's side.
Speaker E: I didn't want to say it, but it is actually my mom's maiden name. That kind of family. Yeah. So the mother. It's the motherfucking on my mom's side and it's the Joneses on my dad's. It was a bit of like a Montague. And is that the Vermont.
Speaker A: Is that the Vermont motherfucking yes. Yeah, that's what I thought.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker E: I have cousins in Vermont, for sure. And then some other folks are in Halifax, Nova Scotia. It's the canadian motherfucking nice.
Speaker A: I'm very familiar with them. I went to school with a couple of them, actually.
Speaker B: We already had some kindred spirit, things going on here at this show just because of when you guys appeared last time, but it, it's good to know you and I share a middle name as well, which I didn't expect, but you learn something new every day. But super excited to have you both back. Excited to talk all things tally and what you guys have been up to. I mean, first, I guess, let's talk. Let's reminisce about the past and where we've come from and where you guys are now. And I mean, like, you know, back in the, back in last August when you were on the show originally, we weren't calling you by tally Labs. It was Jenkins the valet as the project that was dropping. And now you guys are much larger than just Jenkins and you've got a whole bunch of stuff going on. So talk a little bit about, maybe give other, our listeners an update on everything that's happened if they're, if they have not been following, which would be their loss. But talk about your journey from now till then.
Speaker E: Yeah, I mean, what a, what a journey it's been. And it's, it's fun to be back on the show. I mean, I guess it's been, you know, 13 months or so, but, but say only really, like a year later and, and so much has happened. But at the same time, like, the timing is really cool because I think, as you guys know, we dropped bored and dangerous in our custom gated e reader yesterday. And obviously what we were doing on August 4 when we were on the mint condition was sort of the pre launch party for the writers room NFTs. And so in the last 13 months, a ton has happened in the writers room. I can hit some of the, the quick ones and Safa can jump in for sure. But the writers room NFT minted out that night, August 4, in about six minutes, our website crashed. We, I think, you know, I was expecting it was going to be this, like, really exciting night. It turned out to just be deeply stressful. And, you know, we're now, we now have such an amazing team with us that we can do things like make it so that your website doesn't crash now, which has been a huge one for us. The writers room came together. We launched the mvp of our writers room platform, 4075 board apes and mutant apes were licensed through that platform to appear in the book. Tally Labs actually did exist before the mint, but Tally Labs became a bit more public. We signed to CIA, we partnered with Neil Strauss, and a whole bunch of other things happened that led us to, you know, write this book, 292 pages set at the bored Ape yacht club featuring all these characters. And the book is now live. You can, if you have a bored and dangerous book NFT, you can read it at boredanddangerous XYZ. There's, of course, a whole lot of non jenkins things and non bored and dangerous things that we've done, too. Do you want to, you want to take that, Safa?
Speaker D: Yeah. Obviously, we're on the doorstep of Azerbala launching, which is really exciting for us. It's been in the works for a really long time. We have always had ambitions to launch a PFP collection. We feel that everything that we've done is now laddered up to this time. We first had the idea for Azerbala. I don't know, I want to say, like, October, November of last year. So it's been another, like 1112 months. In the process, we brought on Emma Nidal, obviously an amazing screenwriter, to build the world of Azerbala. She later joined our team as head of story, which is huge. Added a whole bunch of other, like, amazing team members. But yeah, so much work has been, been put in on the Azerbala side from launching. You know, what I still think is, like, one of the coolest, like, immersive experiences in web three. And the Azerbala website really kind of takes you into the world. I've obviously been working on everything from the art to what we think are novel PFP terms to the post launch roadmap and all of that. But we feel going from owning a character in someone else's world to owning our world and making sure that we're treating our holders exactly, doing things that allowed us to grow Jenkins is really important, and so have seen a whole bunch of creativity emerge already from Azerbala, like pre PFP, which I'm sure we'll get into. But, yeah, it's been a fun year.
Speaker B: I just pulled up the Azerbala website here, and I was looking at this map and I was like, oh, that's cute. They memed the time to be 420 and no, the time is actually 420. So just, just thought I'd point that out because I believe the, there was a, you know, your supply was memed for the original Jenkins the valley drop. Correct.
Speaker D: We do love, do love memes. We have a resident meme lord in our director vibes, not thread guy, so he keeps us honest with the memes for sure.
Speaker E: Oh, sorry, Safa.
Speaker D: No, no, go ahead.
Speaker E: And we did have some memes around the OG writers room collection. There were 6942 writers room nfts. We originally depicted that as 6942.0. But it was a really valuable lesson for us because a lot of folks don't read punctuation. And so everyone was in our DM's like, 69,000 nfts. That's way too many. And we were like, all right, we got to cut the. .0 so. But, yeah, 100%. We maybe, maybe we need to just fix that time so it never ticks on the Azerbala website.
Speaker B: Well, now it's 422, so you might have.
Speaker A: Crisis averted.
Speaker B: Crisis averted. I mean, I'm just poking around on your Azerbala website right now, and it's pretty incredible to see kind of the work and stuff that you guys have put into this. I mean, it is, you know, when you talk about storytelling and, you know, the power of kind of web three in this, in this idea of storytelling, you're probably one of the best, if not the best example out there in the space. Can you just, like, talk about what you know? Your grand vision at tally Labs is for just kind of this art of storytelling and how web three plays into that.
Speaker E: Yeah, totally. Storytelling is such a massive part of our identity. The whole business started around the idea that we could tell a story from the point of view of a single bored ape, and that NFT avatars are this incredible inspiration to create characters. And from characters come fascinating scenes and worlds and stories and partnerships and of that kind of stuff. And it's not that, like, Jenkins is the only character that exists or that, you know, all of the stuff that's even happening within the bored Ape yacht club are the only stories that exist. Azerbal is a great example. And there are probably thousands of others at this point, right? And so there's something going on in web three that seems like all roads lead back to storytelling in one way or another. I think for holders, folks develop emotional connections with their pfps, want to give them an identity, want to do things like that. And for project creators, I think what a lot of folks learned in 2021 is that there's a ton that you can do to support that creativity. And so for us, bringing Azerbaijan market was like a really natural evolution for what our goals are at tally Labs and what our overall vision is, which is to tell a massive story alongside our community. And the way that you do that is you empower community members to be storytellers themselves by giving them the full, uncapped, irrevocable commercial rights to their avatars, by having the avatars be this visually compelling asset that folks can think about building around and then creating frameworks for how they can contribute to their own stories and have that stuff ladder up to our official story. And so I think that's what we did with the writers room v one, just on this really, really small scale, which was in this structured format of, we have world building questions. Can you answer them? I think what folks will see with Azerbala is it's that same principle, just a bit more built out, where community members have more opportunity to tell their own stories and to impact the official Azerbala franchise in other ways.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's super interesting. So for those who may not be aware, obviously, we've talked at length both on this show and other dj network shows about the Jenkins the valet project. Maybe give people a TLDr on kind of what Azerbala is and how it plays into the entirety of what you're doing over at tally.
Speaker D: Yeah, so Azerbala is, like, our flagship and first piece of, like, world IP within the NFT space. And so obviously, Jenkins is a character. I like to think the world world is a loose term, and we've certainly built a world around Jenkins. Right. And the ballet stand and all of that, and taken a lot of liberties about, you know, the bored Ape yacht club. But Azerbala is the first, like, universe that we've sort of crafted from the ground up, like, in a really professional manner with, like, a Hollywood screenwriter. So everything from a scarce resource that governs the economy to gods that folks, like, worship in Azerbala to rituals to how Azurians are born, all of these things are really well thought out worlds. And Emma built a Bible that is, like, you can imagine seeing for a Game of Thrones or somebody. It's like 50 plus pages. And so we took that and really decided to build it out from there. We believe that obviously, by allowing folks to enter the world, own the pfps, and help craft the story with us, that it can get, you know, far bigger than it would if we were really just precious and kind of doing it on our own. So the simplest way to describe it is like, it's PFP collection, but we think we're bringing a level of, like, fidelity and lore and storytelling that we haven't seen from many others. I think we're, you know, that's already starting to manifest itself in the way that the community's acting and the characters that the community's created. Spacewalk, like, created a list, but there's already 100 plus folks who've already created their own characters, which is really cool. And it's our goal. Like, we want thousands of Jenkins valets to emerge from Azerbala, and a lot of our roadmap is geared towards helping folks really bring their characters to life and give them tools and creativity and stuff like that. But, of course, it will also have everything that you can expect from a PFP project that is tried and true, um, which are like, items that I don't, I don't need to say folks can probably guess what they are, but we're going to bring people together IRL. They're going to be able to wear. Like, it's. It's going to be, you know, it's going to do all of that as well. But we think the storytelling element is going to hopefully really set it apart, because we believe folks just want to be entertained and have fun when it's all said and done and come together to create something special.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that's super interesting, especially from the angle of kind of taking a, the framework of a PFP project, but really on steroids, right, where you're taking this, the PFP is more so the vessel into this idea of just building this massive world, and what you guys are doing is kind of building the guardrails of that and putting it on rails, but allowing the community to kind of really get interested and deep investment of, you know, time, energy, and thought into creating, helping create the world with you, which I think is really interesting. I think in the past, you know, with other PFP projects, you know, we've seen this happen, but it happens at a much more individual level. Right. Where you're, you guys are kind of providing these tools to have people do it with you and together, which I think is really interesting. Des, I know you had a bunch of questions that you wanted to ask the guys here, so feel free to jump in.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, I mean, it's. I'm super interested just listening. Have, speaking of Azurians and these pfps, have you guys released many details about what an Azurian might look like?
Speaker E: We. We have released a bit of information, and I'm not the best Alpha spiller, but I guess I can just say more will be released soon. Azurians. So what have we released? Azurians are 3d. There are many different types of Azurians because they are multi species. So in Azerbala, there's something called an influence, and the influence is sort of, Azurians are really one species, and then there are eight different influences, which are sort of different animal influences that they have. There's a spider monkey, a bear a leopard, a crocodile, a lizard, an elephant, a parrot and a peacock. So there are many different types of Azurians, and we actually had a preview of one last week. I don't know if you all, and if listeners were following, have followed Jenkins. Jenkins has been sort of on a journey to Azerbala. On the heels of a really successful book written with Neil Strauss about the bored Ape yacht club. Jenkins was actually invited to Azerbala. And upon getting to Azerbala, he didn't have the right paperwork, and so he was thrown into the jail in Azerbala, the Edokon prison camps, and an Azurian, a really resourceful Azurian, who is the only Azurian to ever escape from that prison, actually helped Jenkins escape last week. And in that video where Jenkins escaped, folks got their first visual preview of what Nazourian looks like. It was an azurian legend, which is a character sort of controlled by tally labs named Jet. And she herself is a spider monkey influence. And so she helped Jenkins out. And it was the first time that anyone had seen what Nazurion looks like.
Speaker C: Is that the hooded figure with the neon tribal tattoos?
Speaker E: That's right. That's jet. And those patterns that you could see on Jeth, there's sort of this really scarce and important resource that exists in Azerbala. It's called Mero. Mero powers the entire economy. It's sort of the discovery of Mero is what brought Azerbala into the modern age. But Mero is as much as it is, like an economic thing, it's also. It's embedded into every aspect of Azure in life, including sort of their spirituality. And when an Azurian is born, they actually have this sort of expression of marrow, like, running through them. And so what you see, those patterns that you saw on jet, the hooded figure is actually the marrow expressing itself from within jet. And every Azurian has different patterns like that.
Speaker C: Wow, that's incredible. I mean, your team and you guys yourselves are incredible storytellers. And, you know, the written word seems like something you guys are, you know, pursuing with with all your heart. I did listen to a podcast with you and Zenica recently, and you talked about wanting to go into different mediums, but that visually, like animation and things like that, might not be your first foray into a different medium. It might actually be audio. Do you mind giving us a little background on that? And it's surprising to hear, honestly, from my take, just because you guys are doing such a great job on the visual aspect of things, down to your map, down to the preview of the Azurian. I'm surprised that you guys want to go towards audio, maybe first. And is animation something that you see yourself pursuing down the line?
Speaker D: Yeah, amazing question. The answer is for sure.
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker D: I think audio, to us, felt, felt really strategic, because to do it really, really, really high quality, it is more cost effective, and it is faster than animation. We believe that audio has gotten so good and fiction, audio in particular has gotten so good that there's been a ton of examples of, of podcasts that have actually been adapted into film and tv. So we see audio not as like a stopping point, but really it's just the beginning to actually get this ip out there. For folks that don't know, Jenkins is going on a journey throughout the metaverse. He's something that's going to, he's going to have to solve a problem, and every episode is going to be set inside of a different community in the NFT space. The writers room is going to vote on which communities those end up being, and then writers room NFTs will also be a prerequisite or requirement to license to the podcast. And so every episode, Jenkins is going to meet characters from another world. Those characters that he meets are going to be owned by members of the community, and it's going to feel similar to boring, dangerous in that sense, except we're really excited to tell sort of stories within stories and help work with all these communities to make sure that we suss out what makes them special, their terminology, their, you know, the, everything that's unique to that community. And so that should be really, really fun. And the goal for that is for sure to prove out the concept and audio and then figure out animation after we have like a, hopefully a strong body of work. But the level of production that our partner salt audio brings is like intense, like crazy sound effects. Like, we like to say it feels like a tv show without visuals. So we think it's going to be hopefully. Oh, and then last thing is, there's some really fun, some fun, like, gamification and true, like, web three mechanics that we're introducing that we think are combining, like, traditional web two audio with like, web three token gated stuff in like a fun way that we haven't seen before.
Speaker A: That's fantastic. I'm so glad you brought up the audio because like, just speaking as something, like, just to be, just to be honest about it, I've always had, I can read, but I can't, you know, read read. Like, I'm not, I'm not going to sit down. I've always had trouble sitting down and reading books, and it's just, you know, having to reread sentences over and over again. I might not be the smartest guy, but I think it's definitely, like, some sort of literacy issue I have. But my life absolutely changed, you know, probably 6756 years ago when audible launched and I was able to, like, discover books and. And consume them that way. And it was. I think I just looked the other day. I think. I think I've gone through 87 or 88 books over the last few years, and I would have never. I would have never even come close to reading anywhere closer.
Speaker B: That's not pages.
Speaker A: No, no. I'll tell you, I crushed. I got. I got two months worth of. Worth of total listen time. So, no, it's like, I'm a huge Stephen King fan, obviously, like, through his movies and stuff like that, but I would have never had the opportunity to read, like, phenomenal books over the years had it not been for that. So I'm so glad to hear that I'll be able to now consume Jenkins via audio. So that's terrific. And I'm sure a lot of people feel my, you know, feel my pain out there.
Speaker B: Yeah, same. Like, I don't have time, quite honestly.
Speaker A: I should have said that. I should have said I don't have time.
Speaker B: Well, well, that plus, you know, the plus the illiteracy part is. So I'm with you on that chamber, but, yeah, super, super intriguing. I love. I was just poking around the discord earlier today, the Azerbala discord. And I just love the way that you have it. I mean, everything you guys do is very thought out and tells a story. Your discord is set up in a similar way. Right. You have these read only channels that really depict kind of the lore of what Azerbal is, which I think is awesome. I brought up the Azerbala manifesto because I think these are rules that chamber probably lives by. So the six, can somebody read them to me? Yeah, I'm going to read them to you. The six azurian rules of the jungle. One, you eat what you kill, chamber. I feel like. I feel like that's. That's a good buy, 100%, even just metaphorically. Two, if you're not hunting something, something is hunting you, I think. Also good.
Speaker A: Also. Absolutely.
Speaker B: Three, get what you can today, because tomorrow it might be a monsoon. I feel like there's some foreshadowing in that one. For know your tribe, I think that one holds dear to all the web. Three, folks. Five, never travel alone unless it's to hunt, to hide or to die. And then six only the week. Eat the scraps. Or take the first offer, which I feel like should also say take the first weth offer, right? But super cool. I just love how every time I go into the azerbal discord, I'm like, man, this is super cool. You paint the picture and you talk about world building. Like, you can, you know, do that even through text in a discord server, which I think is really interesting. So well done there, but I might have to get those, the Auserbala manifesto tattooed on me somewhere.
Speaker D: Shout out, there was a lot of work put into that discord. Probably the person that put the most into it was thread guy. He had a really cool idea to essentially use it as like a storytelling engine as opposed to just like one to one communication. So using those read out, read only channels like that allows the story to just kind of live there in like a really fun way. And it's like, by starting with the start here channel, anyone who's new to the project can just immediately kind of like immerse themselves in it. So thank you for noticing that we had it, we had a ton of fun building it out.
Speaker B: Oh, it's fantastic. Honestly. I've actually been taking pieces of this into projects that I'm working on in terms of like, how to actually set this up in a way that tells a story to be very clear about, you know, instructions and lead you down a path that typically you can't do inside of a discord. So super, super cool. Love what you guys did there. Yeah. So let's get into. I really want to touch on with you guys because I think you specifically, and the project and everything that you're building relies so heavily on the concept of IP rights. And so I want to touch on just like what your overall philosophy for IP is in the project. I mean, we've seen just how Jenkins was born is probably the, I think, best .2 example of how to use IP that you're given with an NFT. So talk about your overall philosophy on IP rights in the space and anything you want to touch on there.
Speaker E: Yeah, for sure. I mean, take it from us and know that we're like, we probably couldn't be more biased, obviously, like the commercial rights that Yuga Labs granted its holders when they brought BAYC to market, I think was completely like revolutionary. I did hear them actually acknowledge on the podcast recently that there may have even been some other projects around the time that they minted that were doing that. And so the set of folks that were doing these things in March, April, May of 2021, I think really set the stage for everything that is true today. I think NFT avatars, when you have the commercial rights with them, they do two things for you. The visual identity of the token serves as some small amount of inspiration, and then the commercial rights are like the other side of that where you're like, wow, I could really do something with this. And the thing that I think is coolest about the space right now, and especially those who are still here through this bear market, is that I think maybe in 2021, the whole conversation around commercial rights was like, oh, Netflix isn't going to license your NFT from you for a new cartoon or whatever. And it was all about traditional opportunities. But I think the space is maturing in such a way that now opportunities exist just here. And when you own the rights to your IP and you have the creative inspiration to do anything with that avatar, to turn it into a character, and then to use that character in any number of different ways, even just within the web three, space, there are new connections to make new friendships, to make new projects to work on, whether it's just to exercise your creativity or to, like, you know, potentially have, like, financial gain. And so for us, like, commercial rights are everything. Actually, I think robes on our team wrote a piece, our head of product wrote a piece for DGEn network about commercial rights versus, like, CC Zero around the moonbird stuff. And she had a really, like, she had like, a really, I think, like, even handed take that we agree with, which is that there's a time and place for either, and there are benefits to CC zero projects. I mean, I think the idea around CC Zero is that if you treat that sort of like membership to, like, a club or a brand, and then you open up the ip for anyone to use, and you believe that others will use it because it's made, you know, easier, then all of a sudden, your sort of official membership is, like, worth more. I think a great example is like, the nouns glasses in the Super bowl commercial. Now, having a noun is really cool, even though you don't own the glasses like you own a noun. And the glasses were used, like, on the biggest stage. And so, no doubt, I think that there's a time and place for that. But tally labs doesn't exist without us owning the commercial rights to ape 1798 and having the opportunity to build jenkins the ballet on top of that. We hope that Azerbala is a breeding ground for many, many, many more characters, and that actually what you're seeing in the space is outside of Tally lab's ip. And just generally, I think, with folks who own their commercial rights, they're doing a lot of really interesting things creatively and financially with them.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that's awesome. I think, you know, I'm going to bring up a tweet here that I think demonstrates both of those things. It's not a chamber tweets. You won't have to defend it chamber. But this tweet here is from balacoffee eat. So it's. The handle is a coffeehouse. So two things here that are interesting to me. One that you already have because of this world that you guys are building, people, you know, expanding into and building commercial, potentially businesses on the. On top of your ip, right? Like really creating on top of the world that you're building. Which is super interesting because here, you know, this person, Balacoffee eth here, is creating, I would assume, a coffee brand for Azerbala, right? And so if Azerbala takes off and there's all these people interacting inside this world, then there's a place for that, right? Like you see it in these big open world video games and things like that, which I think is super interesting. So. But the tweet says GM catching up on Jenkins, the valley discord with my afternoon bottle of coffee and ca followeepe has said that moonbirds could be in future projects with full benefits. And then there's a screenshot here from you, Safa, that talks about how you would potentially incorporate something like a moonbird, who's a cc zero, as we were talking about. So I guess touch on this and how that can all kind of interact even within the this cc zero space.
Speaker D: For sure. And thank you for, like, pulling this up and giving us the chance to speak on it, because massive bottle of coffee eth maxi. It's a bit taken out of context. Moonbirds is not. Well, they're not part of this project. The point that I was making was that I think it's important to distinguish what's in the public domain and what's nothing. And this ties back to why Jenkins valet is who he is and why we're really comfortable building a business on top of this asset. And to us, if a project goes CCO and places their ip into the public domain, obviously the brand is in the public domain. The assets are in their public domain. So Moonbird 3438 is in the public domain. The point that I was trying to make is that we took ape 1798 and we placed an ip layer on top of it, which is Jenkins of laden. Jenkins of LA is IP that we own, regardless, no matter what. We also believe that to be the case with ape 1798. But if later down the line, litigation between two other parties pokes holes in what we believe commercial rights to be, we're not worried because of what we've done with Jenkins the ballet, not what we've done with ape 1798. We've made constant effort to render him in other forms. He's 3D Batman goes from cartoon to live action. Like Jenkins could be a live action movie. It doesn't have to be a cartoon. He won't always look the way that he does on the portrait of the bored Ape yacht club. So my point there was that by folks creating their ip and putting that on top of a token, there's a really important distinction there. And if someone were to create, we believe if someone were to create a really powerful brand and they were to begin with that, and then that were to be inspired by a certain moonbird, that the ip that they brought to the table, which is their version of Jenkins valet, is theirs. And so I think that's really important. And I was sort of acknowledging how under that fundamental belief, there is a world where potentially a CCO project could interact with what we do. The reason for that being we believe that folks are bringing their own ip to the table, placing it on top of something, and that's obviously like what we've done with Jenkins. So does that. Does that.
Speaker B: Yeah, totally. I think that's actually, I think that's fascinating. And I bring that up because I brought that up because I think this conversation around IP is so, one, it's always the hot topic, but two, I think it's super interesting to see how you guys have tackled it with, with tally, but also how to hear your insights on how that could work in other ways and what is fundamentally kind of the thought process and thesis behind all of this talk about IP. I think you guys, more than anybody out there, are probably one of the leading, if not the leading voice on IP and web three. Right. Because your whole company is kind of built off of this premise, which I think. So I think it's. I think it's awesome. So I thank you for answering that. And I thought it was a great answer. But, yeah, des, I'm going back to you here. You had some interesting thoughts earlier, so I wanted to make sure you get it all out here before we close out.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, I think you guys are masters at building out a brand, obviously, from IP rights, I guess, you know, as we go to the near future where people will be getting their Azurians, what is your guys recommendation? You know, tips for people to build out their ip with their Azurian?
Speaker E: I'm. I have two different thoughts on the matter. One is, I don't know, I. Maybe you call it, like, the Jenkins model, which is, um, just let the art speak to you. See what, you know, like, take a look at that Azurnian when you get it. And, uh, we've tried to do a lot with. With the fashion and the. The apparel and accessories and, um, things like that to give you, like, nudges in different directions for. For what your Azurian might be. And so you could strictly just, like, wait to see the art. I think another thing that we've seen quite a bit of on Twitter that has been really cool and really inspiring is folks bringing some of their own IrL stories into their characters. And it's not always. It's not one for one. I'm not going to just go make a character named Valet motherfucking Jones. That would be way too close to home. But thank you, bunchu, for that.
Speaker B: Well, it's also a full docs.
Speaker E: Totally. Exactly. Yeah, this is me. But I think folks are pulling in parts of their jobs or their backgrounds or hobbies or things that they like. And what's really cool about that when you make a character is you can take all the stuff, and this is, you know, quite similar, actually. Like, I think we may have even talked about this last August. Like, I. I studied creative writing in school. It was one of the inspirations to start writing creatively with Jenkins. And I think, you know, when you. When you can write fiction and you can borrow from your own personal life, you get the best of both worlds because you've got deep expertise in something that you care about, but you're not constrained by any, like, by, like, the laws of physics. You can do whatever you want. And so I think that that's been really cool to see folks do on Twitter so far in azerbala. And what's awesome about that is you don't have to wait to see what you get to get started, because no matter what an Azurian looks like, if you have an idea for what you want that Azurian to be, or you have an idea for a character that you're kicking around that you can borrow from your real life with, you can start thinking about it right now.
Speaker C: That's awesome. One of my side passions recently in the past few months has been just AI generation and everything with OpenAI and creating scripts and personalities and people and voices and, you know, I think as a project founder, I've always felt victim to not being able to spend enough time getting deep into these communities like Jenkins. Things that interest me so much, but I just don't have time for. And then the thing that led me to as a solution is kind of this AI. So I've seen a lot of posts actually recently on Twitter. I think Drew Austin posted something like, the future will be part celebrity, part influencer, but also part AI generated IP around these digital characters and web three. And it's just so fascinating because something that I've been silently working on in the background to help people work on their ip is this idea of giving an image over to your AI and allowing it to do automated things like post stories about itself on Twitter and continually have different streams of content that the AI is pushing out on behalf of that character and feeding it different tools to do that. It's super interesting. I definitely want to. Maybe I own a few board and dangerous and I'm looking forward to getting my Azurians and maybe it's something that I'll pilot there. But where do you see some of. First off, do you condone such actions of where the ip in the storytelling is not coming from directly a person, but maybe in the aid of AI versus someone like yourselves who really took time and effort and was Jenkins in a sense, and built that IP?
Speaker D: Great question. I actually would be curious to hear BJ's thoughts as well. I can only speak personally. I condone it. I think it's cool and it's an advancement of technology and it's a smart use of resources. Many of our early azurian characters are being aided by AI right now. I don't think in the form of writing, but certainly in the images that they're posting. One thing that I'm not like, I don't have an opinion on, but I'm really interested to see how it works out. Is the legal element of it. I know it's been in the news quite a bit of folks commercializing or monetizing art that was created on an AI generator. Who claims ownership? Is it the person that provided the input or is it the machine that is driving the output? No idea. Ultimately, amazing questions. And AI is not going anywhere. So look, if folks are busy and this is a tool that helps them contribute in a meaningful way, like, would love what, you know, would be crazy not to support that. So I think it's really cool.
Speaker E: Yeah, I. One lesson that I think I've learned over the last year is that all of this stuff is meant to be fun and it's meant to have fun with each other and we don't need to take it all so seriously. Like, if it's not fun, like, why are we doing it? And so I don't like any of these tools, whether it's on, it's on generating art or even like generating text. I see a bunch of stuff these days where you can write like a sentence and you can turn it into a paragraph and it's like pretty good. Like, it's not a contest for like, who can just naturally come up with like the best thing or there's no one, like looking through your webcam, making sure you typed every letter on the keyboard yourself or something like that. I just don't think that's what it's about. And so I think, like, if you enjoy the process of using any tool at your disposal to like explore creatively, more power to you.
Speaker C: Awesome.
Speaker A: That's a good point. We actually believe it or nothing. We've been testing out AI for some of the articles on DJ network. It's incredible what it can do. So, yeah, we've been kind of testing out a couple, seeing how it looks and see if it looks like a robot.
Speaker B: Weirdest is the tests that we're doing with AI podcast hosts. Chamber is actually not live with us right now. This is all AI generated Chamber.
Speaker A: It's amazing. Feels so real.
Speaker B: That's why he had, that's why he only says like three words a show. It's actually really hard to generate the content live like this.
Speaker A: It's accurate.
Speaker D: I had my suspicions, but I wasn't going to come out and be like chambers and AI, but like.
Speaker B: That'S why that out of context ghost up. There he goes. There it is. That's it.
Speaker C: That's why the absolutely broken. You can't call the robot out on being a robot. Otherwise they just, they lose control.
Speaker B: Well, you know, the out of context ghost story should have been the first 1st giveaway, but yeah. So before we get out of here, first of all, this has been such an awesome conversation. I think, I think people who are listening will take a lot away from this, from just both what you guys are up to and then just philosophically on how you guys approach the space and what's important. But I do want to make sure that we touched on everything that you wanted to and that we didn't miss anything because I know we went down some deep rabbit holes. So, is there anything that we did not touch on that you want to make sure that we. We chat about?
Speaker D: Um, keep. Keep your eyes peeled to our, uh, to our Jenkins and Azerbala twitters over the next, uh, over the next couple days, and then some fun stuff might emerge.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker B: So, uh, where american people.
Speaker A: We're trying to prove I'm a human.
Speaker B: No, you're. You're not a human. It's not. We're. We're. What are the handles that people could follow for if they are not already?
Speaker E: Yeah. There are three important ones to follow. The first, isenkinsthevalet there, at any given time, are often spoof jenkinses. And so it gives me a lot of pride to say, make sure you follow the verified one. That was a big moment for us. Yeah. And, you know, the one with it has about 61.7 thousand followers. There are sometimes, you know, there's crazy scams these days where people show up with, like, 200,000, like, bot followers. But at Jenkins, the valet, at Azerbala, that's Azurbala. And at tally labs, NFT is the corporate account. If you're following Jenkins, the ballet Azerbala and tally labs NFT, you really can't miss anything from us. And to Sava's point, keep your eyes peeled on those three accounts, even over the next few days.
Speaker A: All three, by the way, are in the show notes. If anybody's listening or rewatching, just hop in the show notes. You can follow three of those there.
Speaker C: I have a quick one just before we leave. I know we're at time. Azerbala. Great, great name. Has, like, a mystical feel to it, but relatable, easy to pronounce.
Speaker A: Is it spanish for blue balls? I was like, my shit.
Speaker B: This goddamn AI has no filter. Yeah.
Speaker A: That was the director, because is it azure blue, right? Correct. If my spanish is anywhere in the ballpark. Correct. Balla, I just assumed, was balls. That was how I got to that.
Speaker D: Emma would be a great person to ask. I actually don't know that she has a true rhymer reason for sure. Azer is the prefix in the word, and blues are very much a part of our color palette. And marrow is blue, which folks know, obviously, they saw the reveal of jet. So some of the. Some of the way that the marrow expresses itself on Azarians is blue. So it's a very blue world. But I think that. I don't know where Bala came from. I think that it just kind of sounds, like, epic, to be honest.
Speaker C: Yeah, it does. No, well done. Well done.
Speaker E: Cool.
Speaker C: Bunchy, you got anything else before we wrap today? You're on mute.
Speaker A: Buddha mute himself?
Speaker B: No, but the light, the light coming in my window tells me that it is time to wrap up. So we appreciate both valet motherfucking Jones and Safa for joining us today. Hopefully it's not another year plus before we get you back on here and talk about what you're doing, we wish you guys the best of luck. Both, you know, love what you're doing, but your project has a special place always in the DJ network's hearts because that's often we tell the story about how the war room was born and it included the Jenkins the valet mint. So really rooting for all of your success and looking forward to seeing these alpha drops in the next couple days on your Twitter accounts. But that is going to do it for us. Until next time, stay mint.
Speaker D: I'm a real humanity.
