Speaker A: I should probably bring up Opensea and then we can show some. Oh, hi.
Speaker B: We're live.
Speaker A: We are.
Speaker C: Yeah. I like to drop it in a little. A little surprisingly, you know, I'm saying.
Speaker A: No, don't do that yet.
Speaker C: There's new features.
Speaker B: You never know what you get. A little tail end of the conversation. Maybe get some undisclosed alpha before the show actually starts.
Speaker A: I am not ready to be live, by the way.
Speaker B: Too bad, because you are. This episode is brought to you by the DGen community Network Media for the decentralized generation. If you want to connect or to check out more great NFT and crypto content, go to dgen.net work. That's dgen.net.
Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the mint Condition episode. Somewhere in the thirties, I've lost track. I am Bunchu, aka Joe, alongside both of my esteemed colleagues and co host, Chamber and Des Chamber. It's Halloween. I'm dressed as an ape in honor of Ape Fest NYC going on next week. How are you doing?
Speaker C: I'm doing good. I'm dressed as a weed dealer. That's good. Good day. It's Halloween. It's almost over. Then we'll be, you know, since Christmas. Oh, no. I guess you guys get. You guys get Thanksgiving, right? Yeah. So we go in Canada, it's immediately into Christmas nonstop. Most of the stores around here are already Christmas. Stop. Ready for. Ready for the holidays.
Speaker A: Des, how you doing, buddy?
Speaker C: Good.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm excited for next week. Nft NYC gonna be a big week. And yeah, I'm pumped. We got a first stuff. Yeah, got a lot of stuff going on in Goats world universe right now. And so things are good.
Speaker A: I was going to. I'm not gonna make the Halloween party on Sunday on the yacht. So I went fully. I went dressed as the ape today. I actually have this. Why do I have this? Well, that's a great question.
Speaker C: That is a good question.
Speaker A: One year I lost a bet to my buddies on March Madness and we went on a guys trip and all the losers had to purchase animal onesies and wear them out to the bars all day. And so I chose an ape or a monkey one, and I've had it for years. I actually put it on for the first time in years today. And it's actually really comfy. So I'm gonna be wearing this throughout the winter, I think. But that's where we are today, you know, we need something like this to bring a little fun back to the NFT space this week. I feel like, you know, we talked last week and we were you know, Des seemed bullish, chamber seemed bearish. And I'm not sure where we stand at this point this week. Des still feeling good.
Speaker B: I win. We're fricking bullish. Even, even with, even with what's behind you, which everyone's giving total shit. Like, I just want to remind everyone the, like a major, major multi billion dollar corporation just decided, you know, I'm going to take my multimillion dollar asset, multi billion dollar asset, and I'm going to totally convert its focus to exactly what you guys have been talking about on the Twitter sphere for the last nine months. And I'm going to make that my sole focus and identity. It's a highly bullish signal on pretty much everything across the board.
Speaker C: I'm exciting. I'm excited right now.
Speaker B: I'm not going to do it with Zuckerberg, but I'm happy he's validating the space.
Speaker C: Should they rebrand the Facebook website to Jitterbug? Remember, remember the old cell phone commercials for the old people cell phones with the huge numbers? No. A Facebook rebrand to Jitterbug would be, would be apropos.
Speaker A: So, yeah, so this is the news that came out today. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg announced that the company's, or that the company's name is going to be changed to Meta. The quote here says, we are a company that builds technology to connect and together we can finally put people at the center of our technology. We can unlock a massively bigger creator economy. Very interesting. So there's actually going to be, that.
Speaker C: Sounds like the premise for the Matrix. Are people at the center of the Matrix?
Speaker A: Yeah, but I mean, like, that's, that's what all these metaverse things really are at the heart anyway, aren't they?
Speaker C: I guess so. I don't want to be plugged into the Matrix, though. It's.
Speaker A: So he changed odds. So they're changing the ticker of Facebook to mvRs.
Speaker C: Wow, really?
Speaker A: Yeah, that's actually, it's going to trade under mvRs. How crazy is that?
Speaker C: That's pretty wild.
Speaker B: Can we get together as collective NFT community and sue him over the trademark mark for meta? I feel like he can't have that.
Speaker A: I mean, I read an article this afternoon that was like, oh, Mark Zuckerberg's idea of the, for the metaverse. And I'm like, oh, come on. No way. Like, he doesn't get credit for this. He doesn't get credit for this. But I mean, to Des's point, yeah, incredibly bullish signal for all of the things that we've been talking about and that we've been investing in for the last year, as crazy as it seems. And, you know, say what you want about Zuckerberg and Facebook and all this, does this mean that the Winklevie get the, like, really big fuck you, I told you so.
Speaker C: I feel like they were ahead of the game. I mean, they were in crypto before. I feel like, you know, crypto, nft, metaverse is all kind of the same thing.
Speaker B: But maybe. Here it goes again, though. Like Zuckerberg screwing them one. One more time.
Speaker C: Yeah, maybe they consume, make much more.
Speaker B: Money than they do in. I mean, they've done really well in crypto.
Speaker C: I'm sure they did. Okay. Yeah, they picked up bitcoin pretty early.
Speaker A: Yeah, but he's gonna be fine there. I mean, they are bitcoin billionaires, so I think they'll be just fine no matter what Zuckerberg does, but. All right, so, Des, you're going a plus. This is a bullish signal for the market.
Speaker B: How could it not be?
Speaker A: Chamber, what are your thoughts?
Speaker C: Listen, remember like, a year and a half ago when Zuck came out with, what was the cryptocurrency? I forget what it was now.
Speaker A: No, it was what happened. Oh, my God.
Speaker C: What was it exactly is my point. What was it?
Speaker A: Libra.
Speaker C: Libra, right. Libra.
Speaker A: Nowhere to be around. Were you around when they tried to launch this?
Speaker B: I'm not sure about Lero now.
Speaker C: Zucker has trouble following through on things.
Speaker A: Well, they got in some pretty big regulatory trouble right off the bat with that. And that's when all of their, you know, security issues came out and all this stuff and that kind of just went by the wayside, basically. They were going to create with Libra this, like, stable coin basket of, uh, you know, fund that they wanted to make the world's currency, essentially. And, um, so that. But that never came to fruition. They got sued, uh, as fragile man child says, sued by everyone. And, uh, Jimmy, uh, Jimmy Ramirez here, I probably just gave away his alpha here. Go get that. Go get that. Ens, if you don't have.
Speaker C: I like his other comments just below that sucker verse.
Speaker A: That's a dad joke.
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't know. We'll see. I'm not buying anything that Zuck's behind. Great. You know, he changed the name to Facebook. It's probably they needed a rebrand anyways because Facebook's been a joke for like five years, if not more, if not longer. I mean, like a month ago, didn't.
Speaker B: He come out very clear. Facebook is still saying Facebook. When you go on Facebook, it's still going to say Facebook.
Speaker A: They're rebranding the old car chamber, right? Like, Facebook is a product of meta.
Speaker C: Meta.
Speaker A: But, you know, chamber, this goes, this is what our old, our old rect podcast friend talks about all the time. And that is mass adoption. That's what this is. This is, this is mass adoption. I mean, I'm not seeing it.
Speaker C: My guts telling me, like, obviously, you know, I'm not saying metaverse is not happening. I'm saying Zuckerberg is not leading the way to metaverse.
Speaker A: No. And I don't think so either. I don't think so either. At first of all, he has such a, you know, everyone else has a pretty long head start on him from it.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: You know, whatever. But. But we also aren't sure what his description of a metaverse really is either. I didn't get to watch the whole thing today. Did Jez? Did you see any of it?
Speaker B: No, but I saw it. Like, I know that Facebook's been working on a metaverse for. For quite some time, and, like, a digitalized social network because they had these things. I can't remember what they were called. Not halos, something like they had avatars, like cartoon avatars, like maybe two or three years ago that they were trying to pilot and stuff. So, I mean, think it is, what we think it is is metaverse now, whether it has anything to do with, necessarily, crypto or the blockchain that I actually don't really know. I just know he wants to start a metaverse, which is a digitalized, you know, social network.
Speaker A: Yeah. And I think you're gonna see, you know, will he be the leader in metaverse? Maybe. Probably. Who knows? I don't know. But, like, doors open.
Speaker B: Let's put it this way, in, which is scary, is the door is completely wide open because sandbox is taking a little bit of time. Yeah. VR oculus. Just for 05:00 a.m. vR oculus. I mean, honestly, every person I've ever shown oculus, I own one myself, to their mind, is kind of blown. It's just, it's pretty cool technology.
Speaker A: Don't you need? Isn't that a Facebook? Isn't it?
Speaker B: They bought it for a billion dollars.
Speaker C: And what about, like, those new glasses? They just came out with, like, the, like, the co brand with Ray Bandaid? You remember? Like, was like a month ago. I feel like that was like, the new hotness. And now it's.
Speaker B: I don't know if that has anything to do with their metaverse player.
Speaker C: No, but I'm, yeah, just like another thing, I feel like he's all about, you know, sell the news, right? Like, he'll come out with something. Maybe the stock goes up a little bit today because of a rebrand and then, you know, little to no follow through.
Speaker A: But I think the overarching point here is not will Facebook or meta be the leader. It's that a company of this size and stature that has access to billions of people around the world at a touch of a fingertip, like you're, they're, they're diving into this space that we're living.
Speaker C: Honestly, like, I think they have to, like, I get what you're saying, but I mean, I think Facebook is like, like a few more bad press days away from being obsolete because no one's using it except for our parents and their siblings at every turn. It's something, there's something bad about Facebook as far as some of their business practices. They need a rebrand, so that doesn't shock me at all. But they needed to pivot to something to look a little bit more relevant. So I don't think it's as much as, oh, they're, they're so forward thinking, like, oh, we need to be in the metaverse. I think it's more like, oh, shit, we need to do something. What's the hot topic right now? Fuck it. We're changing our name. The metaverse.
Speaker A: No, I mean, like, yeah, I agree with that. I agree with that. But at the end of the day, right, how the, think about how many people have never heard the term metaverse that. Exactly. Just totally first time. And so whether or not it's Facebook leading the way as the metaverse or not, or whether I tell everybody about.
Speaker C: The metaverse, I thought talked.
Speaker A: But, like, there's, there's billions of people that don't know what the metaverse is.
Speaker C: I mean, I don't talk about billion people. I don't think.
Speaker A: No, I wouldn't think you have more than like three people.
Speaker C: Three people that really know about it, though.
Speaker A: But, yeah, so, no, I think it's interesting. So we'll see. Fragile man child. Meta owns Instagram too. Facebook is dead, but Instagram, far from dead. Interesting take there. I'm not a, I don't really use Instagram either, though.
Speaker C: That's the next one. That's like, only Gen X. And like, old millennials are using Instagram now. It's, it's, it's all generational.
Speaker A: I like this one. Zuckerberg's tired of having to go to Congress. He's escaping to the metaverse. He's just gonna be hanging.
Speaker C: That's actually where he's from. That's where he's from. He's just going home.
Speaker A: He sounds like he is. That's for sure.
Speaker C: Drink water.
Speaker A: But. Okay. So, you know, that's macro, macro market stuff here. But, you know, since the past, since the last week that we talked, I am not sure that we've seen any more bullish action. I think we are probably, my blue.
Speaker B: Check faces went up like 200%.
Speaker C: So that's, you ended up getting one, didn't you?
Speaker B: Yeah, there was some outfit towards the end of that episode.
Speaker A: Des, I will tell you right now, you went and made some bids. I went and made some bids. I almost bought one straight out after you said you got your bid accepted and it was gone. Like, I don't know, in the next hour after I was doing it, and the floor jumped from like two ish to like five. And I was so pissed.
Speaker C: On blue check marks, specifically.
Speaker A: Yeah, on the blue check mark face doodles that we were looking for. But yeah. So I do want to bring this up that we are experiencing right now. So I was just talking about this in our NFT war room on, in the D gen chat. Yesterday was the lowest volume in traders on Opensea since at least late August. So you can see here October 27, volume of unique traders. Super down over the past, you know, even just the past week. Right.
Speaker B: We just got a bunch of hodlers, man. We just got a bunch of diamond handed mofos.
Speaker A: You think that's it? Because prices would not say that that's the case either. Right. I, you know, for across the board. Right. So you got 21,411 unique traders yesterday. Wow, this number is really small. Like, isn't it incredible that this amount of volume is going on with 21,000 users?
Speaker B: It's crazy.
Speaker A: Yeah. Buyers and sellers here. So we had, this is another uni, this is another interesting thing. So yesterday actually had more buyers than sellers. So maybe that's a good sign. In fact, we're still seeing more buyers than sellers across the board pretty steadily. However, these gaps are much higher. From these gaps since August have been huge, huge, huge. And now they're, I mean, yesterday, pretty darn close to even, um, which is pretty nuts.
Speaker C: And then the trend is not our friend here, I'll tell you.
Speaker A: Opensea transaction counts the lowest transactions in a long time as well, since July. So. And then we got ETH volume. Lowest ETH volume since around August. So look at this chart. Did we top out here? Is this our like blow off top here? Chambere.
Speaker C: Maybe I didn't want to see this at all today. Maybe I'd have to look at a little closer, but it's not looking great.
Speaker A: What are your thoughts when you see this stuff?
Speaker B: Tess, we just talked about the fact that all this volume has just been drum up by 40,000 wallets. And you're telling me a company that even if it's loosely related to blockchain, which, how could the metaverse not be, you know, has billions of people. If we get 0.001% that look into crypto and look into nfts because of this, or just digital collectibles that are owned through the metaverse, look what it could do. It's just, it's, it's insanely early.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, I, and I totally agree with you there. I think, you know, macros, macro wise, you know, a year from now and two years from now, it's gonna look like these are gonna be child's play numbers. Right, but.
Speaker C: Right, but what does that have to say?
Speaker A: We're a weekly show here.
Speaker C: Yeah. And what does it say for the PF, you know, for the pfps we're holding currently? Right. Like, just because the other nfts and metaverse could be a trillion dollar industry two years from now doesn't mean my, you know, gutter cat's gonna be going up in price.
Speaker A: I mean, I think that's the top shot phenomenon too, right? I mean, top shot may be around for 50 years, but that doesn't mean you're, but top shot set up a.
Speaker B: Little bit more, a little bit different than your, your legacy pfps. And like, I do think your gutter cats are going to go up. It may not be this week, maybe, but I mean, look at this. I mean, even in this down market, which we've been in the down market for what, two, three weeks, maybe you could argue the floor is relatively holding. Like the floor of some of these great projects are still holding. I mean, or Daves is up this weekend. Gutter cats is pretty even. So I think it's, again, back to my point last week, it's quality over quantity. Make sure you're in your projects that you believe in long term. This era of quick flipping is slowly dying out or people are catching big ls, which, like I said, for the health of this overall industry is not a bad thing. Right. So, you know, I think that's what's kind of falling off rather than. And that's why you see a dip in transactions is these flips aren't happening as much. These projects are pretty stable, like almost growing still despite a bear market.
Speaker A: So, yeah, I think that's a really good point, especially about the flipping. It's been much harder to flip lately. This is a good question.
Speaker B: Also, gas fees.
Speaker A: I mean, yes, I was just going to say this is one of the.
Speaker B: Worst gas fee days in history.
Speaker A: Yeah. Do you think the gas prices staying as high as they have has been causing some of this? And two, do you think they'll stay there? Chamber? You know, we've seen gas in the crypto market be, be pretty crazy at times. Do you think that's what we're seeing here? Or do you think it's something else?
Speaker C: Well, I mean, the price of Ethereum dictates the price of gas, right? Like if I, if ethereum is, and again, it's not just nfts, it's not just if the Ethereum network is rolling and the price of Ethereum is high, gas fee is going to be high. You know what I mean? Two years ago, like when was. I feel like you could have bought ETH two years ago for like a mean, the fees were not high, but.
Speaker A: I mean, you know, Eth was $89, like 18 months ago.
Speaker C: Right. That's what I'm saying. Like it. Fees and fees were equivalent, you know, I mean, now Ethereum is what, 4k? Are we over 4000?
Speaker A: Yeah, we're almost at 42 again.
Speaker C: Yeah. So like, you can't be that shocked when fees are expensive.
Speaker A: Chamber is so rich, he doesn't even know the price of Ethereum anymore. He just doesn't even care about it. He just, it's whatever.
Speaker C: Yeah, but no, I mean, it's, fees are going to be expensive on Ethereum if it's the price of it. Could you imagine if Ethereum is $10,000, how much do you think fees are going to be? Very expensive.
Speaker A: Very expensive. I mean, yeah, it's interesting. And there's definitely a lot of defi, action going on right now. There's a lot of trading and swapping and things like that going on on the Ethereum network. It seems to be correlated to maybe Shibu or Shiba Inu.
Speaker C: What I read, I read a quick tweet today that somebody spent like, I don't know if you can confirm this, $8,000 a year and it's like a year ago, right?
Speaker A: And it's not worth like .7 billion.
Speaker C: Oh.
Speaker A: The crazy thing is that person hasn't, hasn't cashed out.
Speaker C: That's what I'm saying. Like, has it, right.
Speaker A: So, so you wonder if maybe their keys are gone or something because, like nobody just takes unrealized gains up to, from 8000 to 5 billion and doesn't cash anything out.
Speaker C: Not 5 million, not five, 5 billion. Man, that's crazy. Like my heart, like I'm having mild cardiac arrest right now. Yeah. I mean, that is. And imagine, imagine losing the keys.
Speaker A: Well, that's what I mean.
Speaker C: Like imagine, like knowing, like knowing that it's right there and you can't like generate like generation upon generational wealth.
Speaker A: Memes move markets, my friends. So painful to hear, I guess. Oh, yeah, this is, this is a really great point about that, too. There's not enough liquidity. So if they tried to use it.
Speaker C: Not even for a quick billy, maybe just a little billy.
Speaker A: Definitely not 5.7 billion, that's for sure. But that's also why, you know, you wouldn't not touch it until it got to this point.
Speaker C: Right?
Speaker A: Like you'd be taking some off of the table.
Speaker C: I don't know when I'd be taking money off.
Speaker A: Like, I don't, if I, if I originally put in 8000, I'd have probably taken some off the, the table at like 9000 because that's the type of paper hands that I have.
Speaker C: Like 16k.
Speaker A: Yeah, 16k. Totally quick two x, move on, you know? Exactly. So, but des, you mentioned really quickly before that, you know, apes are up this week. Do you think? I mean, we're rolling here into NFT NYC next week, which is going to be, I mean, just a week of degenerates descending upon the most famous city in the world. Here's what's so slinging their vfps around.
Speaker B: Acting like NFTs are taking over NYC, which is just such a misnomer because it's like 4000 people amongst 15 million.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So it's, it's, it's really funny because, yeah, I mean, the echo chamber part of like Twitter would suggest that, oh, my God, we are going to blow up New York City next week. Everyone's going to know about nfts because of NFT NYC next week. But it's still so relatively small.
Speaker C: Right. And there's also like another thousand conferences happening that week also.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: That arguably will definitely be bigger than NFT 100%.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: From a number standpoint, like, NFT NYC is like one of the class trips going to New York City that week. You know what I mean, heaven forbid.
Speaker C: There'S a furniture conference. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yes. Now, but however, however that, you know, that is correct and I totally agree with you, but that doesn't mean it won't be a catalyst potentially for the inside NFT market with just people getting together and all these parties and tell.
Speaker B: Me what happens in those back rooms of those parties.
Speaker C: And that's why he's wearing this furry costume.
Speaker A: A lot of floor sweeping going on. That's for sure.
Speaker B: Coordinated for sweeping.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, exactly. I mean, look, you don't think somebody's gonna flex and buy an ape just because they're hanging out.
Speaker C: Oh, my goodness.
Speaker B: Well, exactly. I literally think you'll get some of the, the whales in the space in drinking champagne in a bar and be like, hey, what floor do you guys want to run up?
Speaker C: You guys better be dming me. I'll be, I'm gonna be in front of my computer the whole time. So whenever you guys are talking, just, I'll be the only one with access to Opensea. I hope you guys get zero. Yeah, or just enough. Just give me enough time that I can pick up some of that too, please.
Speaker A: As soon as I know what, what floors are, soon as I know it'll.
Speaker B: Be too late, so don't worry about that.
Speaker A: Yeah, we'll be getting dumped on me and does by that time, JP kaz on his, on his Shiba inu trade. There you go.
Speaker C: That's all right. That's a pretty big trade.
Speaker A: That's a pretty big win. That, that trade, that billion dollar trade might be the single biggest trade in history. Potentially 8000 to 5.7 billion. That's pretty, I mean, what's the most.
Speaker C: Like, in the history of trading?
Speaker A: I mean, maybe what's the, what's the multiple?
Speaker C: I don't know. Like, that's right. Like, what is that? I don't know. Like, I wouldn't even know how to, like, a smarter men than me need to calculate the percentage growth on that.
Speaker A: Yeah, because, Mike, maybe, maybe somebody in the chat can, but yeah, no, I think nft NYC, like, you know, we saw, we've seen this in crypto with like, some of these big conferences and they definitely do cause a little bump in the market while potentially artificial or short lived. Right. Like, if we may see, you know, some of these. And I think again, like, probably better projects. Like better quality projects.
Speaker C: Yeah. Like, come out of it, right? You're saying, like, I think this is always a good place. I always feel like good stuff comes out of this where you'll get people that get together and cool things will come out of this. There'll be some sort of benefit long term, I think.
Speaker A: Yeah. So I don't know. I mean, Des, you think, am I way off there or you don't think that will happen.
Speaker B: A little bit? Not. Not too much. I think, yeah. If it was different timing, if we were on an upswing, I think that's a good point. Further, that's because we are in a little bit of a bear market. I don't think it's gonna.
Speaker A: All right, we're gonna, like. We're gonna make a bet, Des. Here we go. Let's see. Just give me a second here.
Speaker B: Also, how are my 18 Shiba? 18 million Shiba inu only worth. .258. I'm very disappointed in that.
Speaker A: Oh, man. Imagine if Des checked his wallet and was a billionaire this time.
Speaker B: I did.
Speaker C: I did imagine he was the billionaire.
Speaker B: I bought it a long time ago, but I guess not enough.
Speaker C: I think I bought, like, eight k, worth 15 million.
Speaker B: Sounds like a lot, but.
Speaker A: All right, here's. Here's our bet as the current board ape yacht club floor is 35.88. So we'll call it 36. Let's chamber set. Set the over under here. Let's say. Hmm. How about over under 45 by the end of the week?
Speaker C: Next week, under under should be 40. I think the over under should be 40.
Speaker A: 40.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Would you still take under 40, Des?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: All right. All right. Let's make it 40, and I'll take the over, and we'll see.
Speaker C: Has it ever been over 40?
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: I stopped looking at five.
Speaker A: Yeah, right when I sold my. Exactly. Exactly. Did you, uh. Have you guys done the paper hands dot gg? Do?
Speaker B: I'm so scared because I, you know, my whole minting story of.
Speaker A: Oh, my God. Yeah, you're gonna be trouble on that one.
Speaker B: Like me, Cole Ethereum posted, like, our story, which is that we were both minting, you know, bored apes and then quick flipping them for rarity. So we have some really bad losses there.
Speaker A: Oh, my God. I don't even want to see yours.
Speaker B: Okay. I want to see it. What is it? Paper.
Speaker A: How do I get paper hands dot gg? Oh, man. Des is going to have the reverse. He's going to have the reverse. Enu.
Speaker C: Look at just shiba in my pants.
Speaker B: Oh, this is going to be so nuts.
Speaker C: Oh, my.
Speaker A: You want to share your screen?
Speaker B: No. Hey, while I'm doing this, do you want me to run the contest before we get Richard on here.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay, let me share my screen. All right, so let's do this. Perfect. All right. Y'all can see it.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: There we go.
Speaker B: Sweet. All right, I'm gonna run.
Speaker A: Zoom in on that a little, I think.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. Okay.
Speaker C: Well, it's using his 32 inch freaking monitors.
Speaker B: There you go.
Speaker A: There you go.
Speaker B: All right, so this is for our live giveaway of kids. We give away three kids prior to minting, which starts tomorrow. Tomorrow at noon pacific time. So our winners of the kids drop for goats universe is Benny the cheese. Jonathan's witnessed DCB 23 45. If we need to go, here are the substitutes in order. SP jow, MPK, Minty. Oh, Makasu, Yuri, Yutami and eleven wax. So those are our live winners of the kids tomorrow, which. So excited for that drop. Yeah, really excited.
Speaker C: Is reveal tomorrow also.
Speaker B: Reveal is tomorrow. Yeah. As well.
Speaker C: For those who I got me, some kids don't know what they look like yet.
Speaker A: I. What were the. Before we. Before we paperhand gg your wallet here. What were the metrics like for claiming and burning and things like that? Were they about what you expected or. Yeah.
Speaker B: The only thing is just with gas being so high, like, some people are trying to wait till the last minute. Unfortunately, I feel like there might be a closed out just because gas might not drop.
Speaker A: But when does it. When does the claim close?
Speaker C: Feel like when I did, it wasn't too bad.
Speaker B: That's not too bad. Claim closes tonight at midnight. We extended it 24 hours because the community asked for it. Might extend it another 12 hours, honestly, just to try to get the midnight mass. But we had, like, 1300 goats that were available for free claim, and then we ended up getting 1000. I think it's creeping up a little bit more. And then we had. Which is awesome. We had over 400 goats burned off our floor. So people burned 400 goats?
Speaker C: Five of them.
Speaker A: I might have to. I actually didn't burn any to claim. And knowing I have 20, potentially 24 more hours, I might do so honestly, the.
Speaker C: I was super impressed with, like, just the ease of use.
Speaker B: Oh, God. Oh, God. I just saw my number.
Speaker A: Wait. Okay, chamber. Let's guess. Let's guess. Fucking palpitations we're gonna guess here. I mean, like, what is the number?
Speaker C: What do you mean, like, the number? What am I looking for?
Speaker A: You're basically. You're. You're guessing the number or the amount of dollars he's left on the table by selling too early. Look at. Look at his fucking face. Oh, my God. Hold on. Wait, so dollars or eth. It's both. It'll show both. But I'm gonna guess that your number is around $4.5 million.
Speaker C: 1 second. Once I was. I was out.
Speaker B: Wow, that was a shit day, my friend.
Speaker A: Hey, I didn't make you. You did it.
Speaker C: Wow. I say 6 million.
Speaker B: Eye opening.
Speaker C: 6 million. Yeah.
Speaker A: Chamber is closer. Oh, my goodness.
Speaker B: Oh, wow.
Speaker A: Let's see it.
Speaker B: Shares. Share screen again.
Speaker C: Whoo. 5.8 million.
Speaker A: 1371 eth. 5.8 million. Your biggest loss. Sold for. .06 current floor, 140,000. Your missed gains. Oh, my goodness.
Speaker B: Is not the way.
Speaker A: Well, hey, maybe go. Go to the other tab. Let's see if you got anything good over there. This is your. Your gains. There you go.
Speaker C: What's the website called? Sorry.
Speaker A: Paperhands dot GG. Oh, my God. How's that? How does that make you feel? Mine, my number was 500 grand, which.
Speaker C: Oh, really?
Speaker A: Yeah, my number was.
Speaker C: Mine's not gonna be that high. I'm not worried about mine at all. It'll be something significant.
Speaker A: It might take a while for you to get on there.
Speaker C: It seems to be searching. Wow, that's a lot of dough, Des.
Speaker A: How do you feel about that?
Speaker B: I knew it was going to be bad. I knew it was going to be bad.
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, well, look, tell anybody listening, tell the story of why it's so bad. Because, like, that. Yeah, that's the. It's. It's all bored apes.
Speaker B: It's a lot bored apes. So, yeah.
Speaker C: Oh, so this takes into consideration, not just bored apes.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker C: Oh, okay. I thought it was just for bored apes. Oh, now I'm scared. Now I'm very tired. Yeah.
Speaker B: No, I mean, the story is simple. You know, we, myself and Cole Ethereum. Cole got it online. We're just like, hey, do you want to buy some board apes? But we didn't have much money and didn't have much eth back then, and so we were kind of tapped out, essentially, and. But we knew we wanted to get the rare ones. And, you know, I had said, like, hey, we can just flip these for undermint. This was a different day and age. Obviously, you can't do that anymore.
Speaker A: We can just flip.
Speaker B: Flip these for. Right under mint cost and then just reroll it and just keep going. So that's what we.
Speaker A: Right. Because it took so long. It took so long for it to sell out. Yeah. Interesting.
Speaker B: So we were just free rolling it and. Yeah. So there's a lot of transactions at. .06.07 that's why it says that.
Speaker A: Okay. That makes much more sense now. Okay. And then. Yeah, but you still ended up minting. What, like, I think I kept.
Speaker B: I kept 36 that night. Yeah.
Speaker A: So there, that's. That's a char. That's the chunk right there.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Right. It calculates 36 bored apes times whatever the floor is. Right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. Well, I hope for your sake, then they go down over NFt NYC. It makes.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, technically, no, it's like 50. More than 50 board apes times four because. Yeah.
Speaker A: Chamber still waiting for his. What are you thinking?
Speaker C: I got mine. What was yours? 500,000.
Speaker A: Yeah, mine was around 500k.
Speaker C: That's our. Mine's 2200,000. 200,000.
Speaker A: Look at you. You're so. You're such a diamond hands.
Speaker C: That's not bad. That means I'm, like, selling tops, right? Like, I feel like it means you're.
Speaker A: Either selling tops or holding, right? You're selling tops or holding bags. Those are your options. You know, you had, again, I bet you it says that yours is bored apes, right? Like, yours your biggest.
Speaker C: Yeah. Your biggest sell is board ape.
Speaker A: Only held one board ape ever, correct?
Speaker C: Um, I think so. Um, so it says, yeah, I bought a board ape for .4 and then I sold it for five. Um, and that the current floor is 32.
Speaker A: But I feel like, like, I mean, what .4 to five is a sick flip. Like, whatever.
Speaker C: All day. I'm taking that, man.
Speaker A: It is what it is.
Speaker C: No, no hard feelings.
Speaker A: Yeah, so.
Speaker C: And that was the one Des told me to get to. I think I. I actually think Des DM'd means that you gotta get this one. Yes.
Speaker A: He said it was the noise fur one.
Speaker C: It was the noise fur. Yeah. Yeah. This is the one to get. I'm like, purchase.
Speaker A: How is your. How is your pro. Your other side of the coin there?
Speaker C: Oh, what's the other side here?
Speaker A: That tells you your best plays?
Speaker C: Adam bomb squad.
Speaker A: Oh, interesting.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Oh, Adam bomb squad. Nice flip for you then. That's good.
Speaker C: That was a good one. I forgot about that one. That one was really good.
Speaker A: Yeah. So. Well, while we were messing around here, we were supposed to have a guest on, but they haven't showed up yet, so we'll just keep shooting the shit and can we.
Speaker C: I booked us, so obviously next week probably no show.
Speaker A: Yeah. Unless me and Des want to get together and record a show with you from somewhere in a bunker.
Speaker B: Let's just try doing that for like 30 could.
Speaker C: Let's just try.
Speaker A: We can. Well, let's do it at a bar somewhere.
Speaker B: Let's. Let's do it on the streets of New York and just ask people if they know about nfcs.
Speaker A: Oh, yes. It'll be like, Billy, I won't be.
Speaker C: On the show next. I'm going to let Joe and Des take care of that one.
Speaker A: No, you're coming.
Speaker C: The candidate, though.
Speaker B: I thought the Canada border is open now.
Speaker C: It's open on November 8.
Speaker A: How convenient.
Speaker C: I thought it was going to be longer than that. They just shortened it up on us next Wednesday.
Speaker A: If we do our Wednesdays, that's my birthday. I'll be extra. I'll be extra saucy on that day. I'm sure.
Speaker C: I did one drunk show with Joe.
Speaker A: Does that, that you know of.
Speaker C: Real drunk. Real drunk. I feel if I don't know. You're not that drunk. R1 drunk show does or with Joe and Des. It was, it was a sight to behold.
Speaker A: That was the chili show.
Speaker C: That was the chili. We thought early on in the days of rec that rec just meant you could just get shammed on the show. It would be a good show. Totally. We did. But we realized after a few episodes, like better shows are when we're fairly together. But the following week we booked a guest. I don't know if dead is knows this, so we booked the first mint for the following Wednesday. So that'll be. Yeah, so yeah, we got lg coming. I don't know if any of the other fellas are coming on, but maybe the. Is it the plunge, father?
Speaker B: Father?
Speaker C: So, yeah, so we're gonna talk some top shot and some NBA stuff. And they're from Canada also, I believe, I think.
Speaker A: Yeah, they are. Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah, so we'll talk about Maple, at.
Speaker A: Least LG and yeah, I don't think.
Speaker B: Plum father is, but his brother. Yeah.
Speaker A: So, yeah, that'll be somewhere cold in the US, but I don't know where. But yeah, that, that'll be a good show. And then, yeah, nft NYC will be fun. We'll try to see if we could do some kind of show from there, but, you know, conveniently chamber won't be around to, to meet us, but yeah.
Speaker C: Would I have gone had the board have been open? No.
Speaker A: No. Right. That's exactly what I mean. No. The answer is no. I've been trying to get chamber to go to conferences for like three years now and he ain't, he ain't about that.
Speaker C: I got a lot of social anxiety.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: I guess I just, yeah, honestly, there's, I would much rather meet just you two in Buffalo. Let's go to a Bills game. It's pretty bad.
Speaker A: Oh, it's fine. Buffalo is fine. I can do some damage.
Speaker C: I would prefer Detroit to Buffalo if we're being picky.
Speaker A: I've never been to Detroit.
Speaker C: Oh, really? Detroit's solid. It's better. It's better than it was a long time ago. Like the last 1010 years ago is not so good.
Speaker B: Only go up.
Speaker A: Chamber knows a lot of good restaurants in eight mile.
Speaker C: Mom. Spaghetti right now.
Speaker A: That's it. He does. He looks like.
Speaker C: That's right, but, yeah, no, it's. Well, one day. Well, I'm sure we'll meet. It's. It's fun. Not. It's. The mystery is fun too, though. No.
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, we're gonna find out that we're not really in love and this was all a sham.
Speaker C: My heart doesn't believe that's true.
Speaker A: Chambers sent me a canadian Halloween candy last night, and.
Speaker C: Oh, did you get it last night?
Speaker A: I got it. Yeah, yesterday. And so I messaged him. I was eating chocolate, his. His coffee crisp Halloween pic.
Speaker C: So. Yeah, like, in that box, I think I sent you, like, the two most canadian boxes I could find. So I think you should have. You should have coffee.
Speaker A: The same ones you sent me last time as well.
Speaker C: Those are the ones.
Speaker A: Those are the ones. There's some good ones in there. Des, have you had coffee crisp?
Speaker B: No, I haven't.
Speaker C: Well, you're on my list for next year.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm a fan of coffee flavored ice cream and treats and stuff like that.
Speaker A: All right, while we're. While we're. While we're waiting here, it may not even be happening, so we can just do this one last thing and then jump off the show. Des, it is Halloween. One, two questions here. One. What are you dressing your daughter as for her first Halloween as a yemenite human?
Speaker B: She will be a baby chick.
Speaker A: Oh, baby chick. She's not gonna be a kid.
Speaker B: If I could have gotten that costume together quick enough, and if my wife approved, could have gotten that through.
Speaker A: Totally. Could have done goats. Like the dad say to your wife.
Speaker C: You say the kids are paying the bills.
Speaker A: Yeah. Like overalls. The overalls. And then you put the daughter right in, and you could have had the goats costume.
Speaker C: I love it.
Speaker B: I'll probably get one of those pictures. I'll get one of those pictures for myself of the baby bjorn and.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, perfect. That's a picture.
Speaker B: I'll do that.
Speaker A: Chamber. What are your family. What's your family going?
Speaker C: So Amber is going as cartoon Lydia from Beetlejuice.
Speaker A: Oh, nice.
Speaker C: Specifically. No, no. Not the movie one, the cartoon one. I'm like, okay. I didn't know there was a difference, but apparently there is. My oldest daughter, she is going as a cowgirl. She's big into horse riding now, so that's all she wants to do. And then my youngest daughter is going as a zombie pirate. Oh, she thought that would be.
Speaker A: Sounds like a PFP project.
Speaker C: Yeah, she. She's 100% a PFP project. She's changed her mind about, like, a hundred times already, but now she's stuck on zombie Pirate. I don't think I'll be going as anything I I took out. Have you ever seen the movie life Aquatic?
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. One of the best movies out there.
Speaker C: Oh, really? So I might go as. I might go as Steve Zoo. I have a costume ready to go. Pardon me.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: It won't be loaded, though. Won't be loaded.
Speaker A: I actually went as life aquatic my senior year in college, I think.
Speaker C: For real?
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker C: That's so funny.
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah, that's what.
Speaker C: It could have been the same year. Like, I'm telling mine was a while ago.
Speaker A: It might have.
Speaker C: Could have been the same year.
Speaker A: Des, are you dressing. Are you and your wife dressing up?
Speaker B: I don't know. We might try to match the. The chicken theme somehow, so I'll figure that out. But we don't get a lot of Nate, we don't get a lot of trick or treaters, so it's kind of lame.
Speaker C: That's up on that hill, up on that ivory hill.
Speaker A: Or under the bridge, because you're not a 5.5 millionaire or whatever.
Speaker B: The could have been up on the hill if I just didn't have such paper hands.
Speaker A: Yeah. Chamber. I have a. I have a hot dog costume that I wore last Halloween on the show.
Speaker C: I love a good hot dog costume.
Speaker A: And so I'm going as a hot dog, my son is going as a cheeseburger, and my wife is going as ketchup. That's what we're.
Speaker C: I love it. That's great.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: So we don't usually do this like the combos. There's only so many.
Speaker A: Got it. For our first one.
Speaker C: That's good. Absolutely. I love it. I love it. My family likes to do whatever they want to do. They don't like me in anything.
Speaker A: Last question for Des here, and then we'll, I think, probably wrap it up since we. We have. We have no guests, and then nothing planned. So, destin, favorite top three favorite Halloween candies.
Speaker B: Okay. What was I most excited to see in that bag? Definitely some sort of Reese's peanut butter cups. Those were. Those were 100%.
Speaker C: That's accurate. That's an accurate statement now.
Speaker B: Like, they're super. I think, you know what? At the time, I think I was pretty pumped on Laffy taffy just because.
Speaker A: Cause he. Oh, wow, that's a sleeper. I did not think I was getting a Laffy taffy.
Speaker C: That's. Yeah, that is a sleeper.
Speaker B: Yeah. Laffy taffy definitely was cool. And then you get the joke as well, which was awesome. And then the third, you know, just anything king size.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: That was really fricking pumped. No matter what it is. It could be an almond joy. If it's king size, you're getting pumped. Heck, yeah.
Speaker C: Now, do you guys get cans of soda? Because I always like a good cat.
Speaker A: I had some houses when we were younger that did.
Speaker C: Little cream soda, root beer, or something like that. That'd be nice.
Speaker A: Yeah, that was a good one.
Speaker B: Heavy bag, though.
Speaker C: Heavy bag.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's not for.
Speaker C: It's not for the faint of heart.
Speaker A: Yeah, the. Yeah, those are good. That was good. But the king size. Totally. I just want to be, you know, make enough money in NFts and crypto to be able to give out boxes of king size Halloween.
Speaker C: I think you got a move, and it. And then your first Halloween, that.
Speaker A: That's.
Speaker C: That's the power move for the. For the neighborhood.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: You can't just start arbitrarily in the second.
Speaker A: Yeah. Like, you move. You move into a guy that's, like, sets up his garage as a haunted house, but you just flex on him by giving away full size candy bars. Full size candy bars.
Speaker C: Like, the. You guys see those Reese's peanut butter bars? The, like, full, like, it's like a. It's almost like a chocolate bar, or it is like a chocolate bar, but.
Speaker A: Like, the races, fast break.
Speaker C: I don't know. Maybe we got them different here in Canada. But it's like, it's. It's a. It's a big piece of chocolate, but with squares on it. And inside the squares is peanut butter, but there, it's just basically a huge peanut butter cup. Very good. But that's what you should give out. That's a flex.
Speaker A: Well, all right. Well, that's our little Halloween episode there. I've had as we just improvise for the last 20 minutes, but we're not.
Speaker B: Good when we improvise.
Speaker A: I would beg to differ, but.
Speaker C: Oh, no. Yeah, absolutely. This is must, must listen audio here. Must, must see live streams.
Speaker A: Sounds canadian and delicious.
Speaker C: Sure.
Speaker A: Is. All right. We are going to get out of here. Des and I will see each other next week in NFt NYC. We will send chambers some full size candy bars as a parting gift. And maybe we'll have a show from the streets of New York.
Speaker B: We gotta do it. We gotta try it.
Speaker A: Yeah, maybe we'll have a show for the streets of New York next week, but that's gonna do it for us. And until next time, stay mint.
