Speaker A: Bunch, I'm glad you're here today. He was in panic mode earlier today.
Speaker B: That makes one of us.
Speaker A: Whatever. You guys making money? He's not having to travel for the weekend. I mean, this is the best possible day for you. Bitcoins up.
Speaker B: I sold my bitcoin.
Speaker A: No, you didn't. Did you really?
Speaker B: Yeah, I sold the bottom for sure.
Speaker A: Is your mic okay or a little, little low? Little low tache or maybe? It's just, I think that's just how he feels today.
Speaker C: Very strong.
Speaker B: Definitely. It definitely is just how I feel today. I should be hanging out in hobnobbing with Bill Murray and instead I'm hanging out with you.
Speaker A: One could argue the Bill Murray of Canada. No, no, no, the Dan Aykroyd of Canada. He's a big conspiracy guy. I don't know if you knew that about Dan Aykroyd. Is he like massive? Like comparable to Tom Delong? I would say.
Speaker B: Oh yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. For real?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So, I mean, I named base today when airdrop. How, how was your when airdrop experience today, Bunch?
Speaker B: Well, you know, sometimes it feels good to just get back on the horse sometimes, you know, and so I haven't been paying much attention to the shitcoin streets or any of the trading streets for that matter, NFT or otherwise. But, you know, I saw Sugar Shane talking about this one and it seemed like it was going to be, you know, a decent opportunity I had. I gave myself about an hour to get up to speed, which meant figuring out how to bonk bot, getting a contract address and doing some small, very quick analysis and risk taking. You know, that's essentially what all of this is. And it was good. I didn't even claim my airdrop because it was worth dollar 60. I was going for a larger play of getting in and getting out on the initial drop. And after some, I don't even know how fuckery, I guess it, like phantom stopped working. Jupiter wasn't working, nothing was working. I was sitting there with a massive bag of this and had no way to sell. Like literally to the point at once. At one point where I, if I sold on the spot, my entire bag, it would have, would have had 87% price impact. So I had to figure out how it was a lesson in how to sell into illiquid markets. So that was fun. So I will say definitely make sure that's my lesson for today. Like, definitely make sure you have your exit. Can you hear me?
Speaker A: Is that Bill Murray calling you? Yeah. Was that Bill Murray?
Speaker B: Yeah. If you, you know, have an exit plan. If you're jumping in with some decent size to these illiquid markets. Right. Like, that was a plan I did not account for. It ended up working out. I turned 25 soul into roughly 60 soul in, you know, an hour and a half, which I will take all the time. So that was. It was a successful. When airdrop morning. I still, like I said, have nothing claimed my actual airdrop because I was going for the larger play. How about you?
Speaker A: I claimed my airdrop like a good little soldier, and I was just having fun watching you in the shitcoin season channel of the DJN discord, watching the ebbs and flows of your mental health. Of your soul. I was gonna say of your soul. It was really fun to watch.
Speaker B: Well, it's just like, all of a sudden, you got this massive bag, and you're like, I can't sell this thing. And I wasn't expecting that.
Speaker A: I guess you're like, I tried to sell 2%.
Speaker B: Yeah, I couldn't even sell. I literally couldn't sell 2%. However, at that point, I realized afterwards that it was because all of these other things weren't working. I forget who told me it might have been the big Joe or. But they told me to try because bird eye uses Jupiter, I guess, on the swap feature. So it was Jupiter that wasn't working. So as soon as I went over to radium, I was able to sell the whole thing, which is what I did.
Speaker A: Nice.
Speaker B: But, you know, like, it was. I still got it, I guess, a little bit. That's good.
Speaker A: It was fun, though. It was fun. Like, there was about maybe, like, what, 20 minutes?
Speaker B: Oh, it was a good, like, half hour. And then all of a sudden, it went quiet. Everybody realized something was wrong, so I left. I went to the store. I went and grabbed a coffee, and then I came back, and that's when I was able to sell. I actually made more money in the time I was gone than if I would have sold originally. So that was good as well. But, you know, I. At the time I got up from my desk, I had resigned to the fact that I was probably going to just lose my initial, because by the time I came back, I figured people would have sold it all off and I'd have been down, but that was not the case. So as soon as I figured out what I could do with radium, I sold it and banked the win and on to the next one.
Speaker A: That is nice.
Speaker B: There were some wild, like, Shane called it. There was, you know, obviously a bot war initially, and then most bots got wrecked. A couple bots totally ate. There was a post I saw where someone put in 100 grand as this initial and ended up with close to 400,000 by the time they were out in, like, an hour. So. Good for that. Good for that guy. I wish, right?
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, that was a big. That was a big win. I'm trying to pull up the chart on bird eye, but the candle, the two initial candles are.
Speaker B: Well, like, that was part of it, too. There was some, like, there was some, like, test trading and stuff going on, while they were probably, like, seeding the liquidity pool and all that. And so, like, you couldn't even look at an accurate chart because when the price actually went to where it should have, you had candles that were showing, like, $10,000 coins a minute before. So you couldn't actually see what the chart looked like for quite a while until enough candles had passed. So you didn't even know. Thankfully, Shane guided us on what the price was trading OTC, and that was my guiding candle, or guiding light for when I should, you know, jump in. And I decided I was going to splash around a tiny little bit and, you know, you just take a little risk and see what happens.
Speaker A: So currently at a $79 million market cap.
Speaker B: Nice. What's the zero zero four. What price?
Speaker A: 7494-749-4790 man.
Speaker B: So I would have still. Yeah, because that's usually more money. If I did not sell. I would. It's up from where.
Speaker A: What did you sell at?
Speaker B: I don't know, somewhere in the four six low four sixes, I think.
Speaker A: Yeah. Because that's usually a lot of these tokens. It usually equates to the. To the market cap. Right. So if you're like a 479, then it's a $79 million market cap. If you get to, like, three one, then it's a, you know, $100 million market cap. You know, I'm saying.
Speaker B: Yeah, I. Yeah, I'm trying to find where I sold now, but I can't, so.
Speaker A: Well, you. Yeah, you did a little bit more than assuming you picked up.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. I definitely, definitely missed some. Left some money on the table. But that's okay.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's. I mean, that's okay. That's all right. It's all right to leave a little bit of money on the table.
Speaker B: My goal is to up. That was it.
Speaker A: So now that you're the master trader, what do you. What are you.
Speaker B: Certainly not.
Speaker A: And I don't understand how you're not leading that.
Speaker B: Look, but, you know, we've been around the block a little bit. We know how to get in and out and find an opportunity every once in a while. And so, like, when there's a good one, where I know all of the focus is on it, like, I'm cool jumping in, you know what I mean? When I know that attention is fractured when there's 30 others, like, people were watching this one. So it's like, okay, come on in. And you know the other thing? The airdrop was worth so little in terms of, like, USD that. That even the. Even the selling was not. Like, people were here to buy and trade this thing, not to dump their airdrop. You know what I mean? So I think that part of the opportunity as well. God. Shit. I would have made, like, double what I made.
Speaker A: It's okay. Hey, you already made double or more than double?
Speaker B: Look, I wasn't planning to babysit it all day. I wanted to be in and out. Honestly, my hourly rate is high.
Speaker A: There's so much, like. No. No fooling around. There is so much stress associated with watching a bag, with babysitting a bag, especially a salon. A bag.
Speaker B: Totally.
Speaker A: Like, I hate it. I hate. I feel so good when I don't have an active, especially a new one. You know what I mean? Like, a new bag. I have some holdings in some Solana meme coins that are old for Solana, which is like, 10, 20, 30 days old, that you can just kind of. You feel good about them and you can kind of not worry as much. But yeah, any, like, when I hop in, like, shitcoin season in the. In, you know, in the discord and crocs drops some hot alpha in there, and I gotta buy $30,000 market cap shitters and watch it for 45 minutes. I think I lose two years off of my life. I'm not even joking.
Speaker B: I'm definitely dying early. There's no doubt. Like, it is stressful. Between that and, like, sweating sport, like, a hundred sports bets every night, there's. It's not. It's not a good life I live.
Speaker A: Not a good, though. Yeah, no, that's a good point. You missed. You missed a good show on Wednesday. How? Oh, well, okay, let's talk about Wednesday, actually. Yeah, let's talk about Wednesday.
Speaker B: There's nothing to talk about. I'm actually, um.
Speaker A: Oh, there's stuff to talk about, buddy. We talked because we talked about it.
Speaker B: I'm a little upset, actually.
Speaker A: Oh, really?
Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. I was, uh. I was given a. Honored to receive an award from Webassee. That was judged by them Benzinga. And I forget what the other third party there was. It was a wonderful award to receive. It was. I made a list of top trusted voices in web three, which, you know, insert jokes here. But part of that award was, hey, come and do this Twitter space with us. And that was supposed to be on Wednesday at 04:00 p.m. so I told you. I was like, hey, you know, I gotta do this. I got. I got this word they want me to come on Twitter space. I'm going to, you know, I'm going to have to miss the show. The Twitter space, like, rugged the first time.
Speaker A: Oh, no.
Speaker B: And then, like, I was the only one that showed up with team the second time, and it was like, you know, wait around for 20 minutes, and then they're like, oh, we'll just reschedule this for Friday at the same time. And so I was like, I'm. Yeah, I can't come on Friday. So now I'm here.
Speaker A: That's. I'm happy. Um, I talked a lot of trash about you getting that award on Wednesday.
Speaker B: If I'm doing fine, if I'm being honest, it's trash I will never hear because there's no chance I will go back and listen to our show.
Speaker A: It was. We had Cody on friend of the, you know, friend of the show.
Speaker B: I didn't realize it was that Cody, like, that is. Yeah, that's another you. Would you just, like. I'm starting to realize what your, uh, your motives were. First of all, feet pick Cody. That's what you're talking about.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, absolutely.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: He's a very professional now. He's not into picks anymore.
Speaker B: Oh, not anymore. He's graduated. Okay, good. So I didn't realize it was him until, like, the day of, like, till I saw the avatar in the face or whatever. And I've. I'm on to you now. You're just going. I get what you're doing. You're just going back through the rect podcast, and you're re inviting all of our old guests. Is that it?
Speaker A: So Cody reached out to us, believe it or not. I don't know why.
Speaker B: Hey, are you guys still alive?
Speaker A: Hey, I'm pushing. I'm pushing uranium. And, yeah, he wanted to hop on the show and talk about it, and I got to tell you, I was under prepared.
Speaker B: Shocker.
Speaker A: But I'll tell you what, mister House, Joe Outer Lumen carried the show. Mister House. I didn't realize big, big uranium energy from Mister House. I don't know if you knew that or not.
Speaker B: Really.
Speaker A: Big uranium guy. Big uranium guy. Green bug. You've heard of gold bugs? He's a green bug.
Speaker B: Interesting.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So he had so many questions, but we had fun. But I couldn't have done it without the people coming up and asking intelligent questions because I was. I get to that. You know me, I get to that. Like 13 minutes, mark, and I'm like, oh, shit. I'm like, I'm out of. I'm out of juice.
Speaker B: That's how I feel right. Right now at 18 minutes in.
Speaker A: No, I got. You're. Yeah, no, you're my juice. Good. I'm good. If you're here. I feel. I feel satiated.
Speaker B: Here's the. Here's the key to carrying your own interview chamber. Because if I were doing it, I would not have prepared any more than you prepared. Right. But the key to these interviews is keying in on something from the answer and asking a follow up question and just doing that until time runs out. That's literally it.
Speaker A: That's why you're a fucking pro, buddy.
Speaker B: I mean, that's literally it. Listen to, like, listen to Steve. Steve does it really well. And, like, you know somebody, they'll say something interesting. You ask more about that thing and they keep going and they do all the work. I don't have to do any work. You know, all you have to do is listen. That's it. I don't know. That's a strength of yours or not.
Speaker A: It's not. It's not. I really tune out. I like, I have a lot of screens going on. I'm reading chats. Like, even when he was talking, trust.
Speaker B: Me, I do it when you're talking.
Speaker A: I catch myself like, shit. I should be listening more right now.
Speaker B: Yeah, I get it, man. I get it. Look, interviewing is not easy, and it is certainly not easy if you're unprepared, I guess.
Speaker A: No, definitely.
Speaker B: That's why. This is why our. The show has this format, because we don't.
Speaker A: Yeah. That's an accurate statement. So I don't know.
Speaker B: So what do you. So great segue. What do you have prepared for us today?
Speaker A: Just more. More when. I just wanted to talk about your when experience. Now I'm sweating bullets, if I'm being honest.
Speaker B: Okay, well, so I didn't even know what this token was. I guess it was kind of a warm up to Jupiter. When's the Jupiter airdrop coming?
Speaker A: Six days, five days, something like that.
Speaker B: So now. Now I'm warmed up. That was my warm up. I got to think, like, look, this thing got to almost $100 million market cap. That's got to be a bullish sign for the Jupiter airdrop. What do you think?
Speaker A: I have to imagine. Now, my thought, though, is, like, what happens to this? When to if this was just like.
Speaker B: That'S why you got to be in and out of, like.
Speaker A: But are there people, like, bag holding thinking, like, when is going to a billion dollars?
Speaker B: Dude, I don't know, but I'm not. Like, that's what I mean. Like, I. I've clearly left some money on the table this, this morning, but my plan the whole time was that it was going. It was. I'm not going to be the exit liquidity on it, right.
Speaker A: And I mean, it, if it's really just like a test run of Jupiter, like, yeah, like, I mean, there's nothing even to be hopeful about.
Speaker B: I mean, I don't know. We would need, like, we would need somebody.
Speaker A: Does anybody know? There's. I mean, there's enough people here.
Speaker B: Mister House may know he's got his hand up. Mister House, green bug, green Lantern, green goblin, whatever it was. Gm.
Speaker D: Yeah, green. Green Martian. Very close. Now, my. I have a. I have a guess. I started formulating a theory, partially because I'm coping that I am not eligible for the first Jupiter air trap because they did say there would be more because I did not have a large history on Seoul prior to 2023. I dabbled a little bit in 2021 and spent most of 2022, not on Seoul and all of 2023 up until shitcoin season on Seoul. But I think the win token holding on to some of it or just continuing to use win and Jupiter probably gets you qualified for the second one. And just continuing to show support for.
Speaker B: The Jupiter launchpad, did I do myself some favors by buying a decent sized bag today, even if I already sold it? Is that how it works?
Speaker D: I mean, honestly, I have no clue. I probably would have looked more into it, but I have spent most of my time since Wednesday looking into uranium 308 token.
Speaker B: Okay, what were your key takeaways there? Bullish on uranium or what?
Speaker D: I am very bullish on uranium. Yes, very, very, very bullish on uranium.
Speaker A: And keep that dog down, too, by the way.
Speaker D: Okay, we're on a. Yeah, it's my sister's dog. It's like twelve weeks old thing. Just whines as soon as she walks.
Speaker A: Out of the anti dog. This is an anti dog podcast.
Speaker D: Are you a. Are you a cat guy?
Speaker A: No, I mean, I just.
Speaker B: I have two cats and a dog. And I hate them all equally.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, I'm with bunch. I just hate animals. I hate animals. Inside the house, outside the house, I love them. And no, no, and no indoor animals. That's enough. But what kind of dog is it? Mister House?
Speaker D: I'm sure everybody's, uh, she got a mini labradoodle. Um, it's pretty cute. But I, I would agree with you that the whining gets out of control because he does it a lot.
Speaker A: I love it. It's probably going to help us in the algo for the podcast. So like dog, you know, anything dog related is usually a positive, so I'm not that opposed to it.
Speaker B: Does he have a hat?
Speaker D: He does not have a hat yet. I actually do have a hat for my dog. Um, he doesn't like wearing it, but I thought it was very fitting and that's what motivated my original dogwift hat purchase. When the token came out was, I was like, well, shit, I have a dog, he has a hat. I should buy some dog with hat.
Speaker B: Fantastic. I love it. Uh, chamber, how many, how much Jupiter airdrop are you getting?
Speaker A: I think you and I are getting the same amount.
Speaker B: Uh, cause I just checked mine because I wasn't sure.
Speaker A: I think I'm 3500 and okay, I have slightly less.
Speaker B: I'm at 3200.
Speaker A: It might, I might be 3200, but in 3000 something hundred.
Speaker B: Okay. Seems like a decent amount for the little I've done on Seoul, I guess.
Speaker A: Yeah, like I'm seeing some silly numbers, you know, showing up like dollar two jup. I mean, if that's the case, I'll take it.
Speaker B: So what's your plan for this? Are you buying more? Are you like, like, are you doing what we did today?
Speaker A: What's the for Jupe? I mean, I don't know. To me, I think it's enough of an airdrop that I may not need to buy anymore. You know what I mean? Like if it, if it drops at a dollar and I have, you know, 3000, $203,500 worth of this stuff, I think that's enough of a position to see where it goes. I don't know what, what it works out to be like, if it comes out at a dollar, what's that market cap? You know what I mean? I'm sure somebody knows, but yeah, the supply is. Yeah, so I mean, if it comes out at a dollar and the market cap is like, I don't know, like 75 million, 100 million, I don't know. Like, I could see this one being like a billion dollar opportunity, like market cap wise. So I mean, yeah, I'm just gonna hold it. I think. I think the position I got is enough and I'll just hold it and let it run. And same thing with, you know, the. When. I mean, everybody got the same amount of when.
Speaker B: I think there's something to the fact that like dollar wise, this one wasn't particularly exciting. And if you're right that Jupiter opens up at a dollar or whatever, that's quite a sizable airdrop, right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: For a lot of people, you're going to go run and sell that most likely, right?
Speaker A: Yeah. So I mean, if that's the case, so say there's like a big market dump and we see it go down to, I don't know, $20 million or something like that. $30 million market cap. I'll probably buy some more then. I think that might be a good token to hang out.
Speaker B: Your strategy is that you're going to dump your initial and rebuy or.
Speaker A: No, I'll probably just hold the initial and then kind of play wait and see. And then if the market dumps, I'll just hang on and then top up with soul that I have to get more because I do think if it does dump, I think there will be a recovery is my guess.
Speaker B: Yeah, I agree. Mister House, jump back in.
Speaker D: Yeah. So I was going to mention on whales market, the lowest listing for Jupiter is 5000 Jup at just under sixty cents a token. But I agree, I could easily see it running up pretty largely partially because of the success of the Uniswap token and what that did. Now, granted, that was the first retroactive airdrop and set that meta. So a bunch of people got really excited. But I think Jupiter is doing some pretty cool stuff and it's probably the best Dex on Seoul. So like kind of comparing with what was it, Judo Airdrop that came out earlier this spring, I would be very surprised to see Jupiter not higher than Jitto by a good amount. I think $1 is a pretty solid target for first day of trading.
Speaker B: That's super interesting. I think the one man, I lost my train of thought there. Oh. As far as the features that Jupiter has, even though it wasn't working today, one of the things that I could have used that I really like that they have was you could essentially time release sell your tokens. So they had a feature on Jupiter where I could say to avoid price impact and slippage and all that stuff, I could have sold a, you know, 10% of my holdings every five minutes for blank. If price was blank, which is pretty cool. I'd never seen any of the swaps have that feature, so it was new to me. But I don't know if that's been around somewhere else. Did you know about that chamber?
Speaker A: I did not know about that. That is very cool.
Speaker B: It's super cool if you. I mean, it's definitely great for liquid shitcoins. Right? Like, that was the exact problem I found myself in todaydegh.
Speaker A: Yeah. No, yeah. Your 45 minutes problem was the highlight of my day. I. I was chuckling about that all day. I was happy that it worked out.
Speaker B: You have a lot of schadenfreude for me.
Speaker A: I know. I only enjoy it after it worked out for you. Do you know what I'm saying? In the. I should say in the moment, I wasn't enjoying it. I'm like, oh, this is, you know, this is shitty, you know, because with, you know, what happened with the bitcoin ethereum trade for you and, you know, I feel like you've had a couple of l's and it's shitty when you have.
Speaker B: I did. I did have. I had l's on dog with hat. Right. And I had l on the bitcoin trade. That was a big l. But we're back, baby.
Speaker A: I need you to. Yeah. So when I saw that it's the worst, too, because you're like, oh, I bought, I bought 25 soul worth. And then I see the next thing is like, oh, now it's worth 60 soul. And then immediately after. Now I can't sell. And I'm like, oh, shit. And then when I saw the. So, you know, I see you struggling and I'm kind of monitoring, and. And then I see the message that's like, yeah, I just tried to sell 2% of my bag. It didn't go through, and my heart broke. I was just like, oh, that's like, it's gonna go down. Like, I didn't know what was gonna happen, but I'm like, it's. At that point I was just like, oh, this is.
Speaker B: Yeah. And as soon as you. As soon as you realize that there was, like, a larger problem going on too, it's like, okay, so this is just gonna dump when it's fixed. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Right, exactly.
Speaker B: That's what I was worried about.
Speaker A: But then once you're like, oh, I went to radium, sold my bag, and then I'm like, then I looked back and then I kind of, you know, chuckled. In retrospect, I had a good time. About it.
Speaker B: So, I mean, I had a great time. I was not really angry at any point there. It was just like, of course, you know. Yeah.
Speaker A: No, I said, yeah. And that's what it was. It was the funniness of, you know, the possibility of another l. But then I was happy that it turned out to be a big w. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah, I do.
Speaker A: I began, I want to give a quick shout out to. I don't know if. Yeah, they're not in the. In the crowd. Have you been following mebs? Underscore he's been making these videos. I'm going to post one here in the. And I feel like this guy is the voice of Web three. Currently, he's making these videos and depicting web three scenarios or conversations.
Speaker B: Oh, is this the one you tagged me in the other day?
Speaker A: Yeah. This guy has been on a heater for these videos, and I'm trying to. Yeah, here's the most recent one. I'll tag it up front here. But shout out to this guy. Everybody should be following him. Anybody that's at least in our little group here, you should be following this guy. He is fantastic and really captures the essence of what we're dealing with on a day to day basis.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. This gentleman, I haven't seen this one.
Speaker A: I mean, he's just putting out bangers. He's just putting up bangers. It's like the third or fourth one. I was just like, this is exactly right.
Speaker B: I can only imagine content on that one. Yeah. What else we got going on today?
Speaker A: I saw. It sounds like we got a good bunch of sales in the, um. What's Steve's book called? I saw a bunch of, uh, sales go through over the last couple days.
Speaker B: The everything token.
Speaker A: The everything token. Thank you very much. I have a. I have a copy here.
Speaker B: I meant to. I actually meant to tell this story today. I forgot. So you remind me. So thank you. Uh, the first of all, I mean, what a week for Steve, huh?
Speaker A: I want to hear some. I want to hear some actual numbers, like.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, I would love to hear. I don't know. I don't know if he's mentor, if he has them. I don't know.
Speaker A: Okay. I wasn't sure if. Yeah, I wasn't sure if that was the. If that was the case yet or.
Speaker B: Not, but, I mean, by the looks of the timeline, it is. It's in Fuego. What do you think? Like, I can't open my feed without seeing ten posts about the book, pictures of the book all of this. So the support he's gotten this week has been so, so, so cool. And I just, like, super congratulations for, I mean, working on this for, like, two years, finally coming out, you don't really know kind of what reception to expect. It's pretty niche thing, and then the community just shows out in spades. It was. It was really, really cool to see. So super happy for Steve. I had a very cool moment my myself, thanks to Steve. So I texted him this on Tuesday night. So I got my book on Tuesday, and it was also my son's birthday that day. So we were going out with my parents and my family to celebrate my son's birthday. And here you go. Chamber this one. I don't know if you're ready for this. You should grab a tissue.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: You should grab a tissue because I.
Speaker A: Have tissues around me all the time.
Speaker B: Okay. You know, you know, you're a sucker for a good bunch, you, dad story.
Speaker A: Oh, my God. Okay, 1 second. Let me get. Let me get the good tissues.
Speaker B: Yeah. Incoming. You want, you want extra stuff? You're gonna be blubbering like an idiot. So I texted steve when I got home, and when I was a kid, we had. We had this book always sitting, like, either on our coffee table or on a shelf somewhere, never too far out of reach. And my dad is by profession. He was a chemical engineer. And then he later went back, got his mba, and worked for chemical companies, his whole career and things like that. And so there was this book that we had, and it was called something along the lines of, like, who's who in chemical engineering. And my dad was mentioned in this book, and so he always thought it was super cool, and, you know, he would. Or, sorry. I always thought it was super cool that he was mentioned in this book and all this stuff, and, you know, yada, yada. So for some reason, I always remembered that. And so I got my books on, um, Tuesday night and flipped open to the pages where Steve was gracious enough to mention me by name. I marked those pages, and at dinner, I handed him a book, a fully published book, in which I am named in which was a very cool experience, full circle thing. So thank you, Steve, for giving me that moment. That was, that was really, really cool. And, uh, yeah. Meant a lot, and it was just a cool, full circle, father son thing from my childhood. How about that for a bunch of dad story?
Speaker A: That's amazing. It made me think of my dad.
Speaker B: And what books is he mentioned?
Speaker A: So it's funny, I was telling my daughter this the other day. I don't think I ever told you so. My dad owned a car dealership when I was a kid.
Speaker B: And you've got, like, a lot of catalogs with him standing next to jeeps.
Speaker A: No, it's worse. I have.
Speaker B: No wonder you love buddy Garrity.
Speaker A: I wish buddy Garrity was my dad. He seemed like a good dad. He seemed like a good dad. But my dad had a car dealership and he had radio commercials.
Speaker B: Oh, my God. Yes.
Speaker A: And he. And he would go on. Like, he would. He would do them, and he was known as the king of cars. I'm not. This is not a joke. In the town that I grew up in, my father was known as the king of cars. And for years, like, from, I want to say, like, the third grade until clear through high school, he had commercials, and I was lovingly known as the Prince of cars from my friends, because they would, obviously, this was the nineties, right? Like you. There was no Spotify. You would listen to the radio. And I grew up in a little small town, and there was, like, two. There was the country radio station and, like, the rock radio station, and that was it. And my dad was on both. And so regardless of whatever you listen to, you would. You would hear him. And they were.
Speaker B: Oh, my God, they were terrible.
Speaker A: This is Beaupont Motors up north in northern Canada. And, yeah, he would make these rocky themed commercials. He was like. And then he, like. It was like. It was. Do you remember the. Sorry, it's not even just that. Do you remember? I don't know if this is just a canadian thing.
Speaker B: So I'm furiously googling to find. To try to find one of these radio ads.
Speaker A: I mean, this is. So this would have been, like, trying to think, like, 1990 to, like, maybe 2000. Maybe two. Yeah, 2001, maybe. So. I mean, I don't know. I don't know. I have. They're not in existence for me. I haven't heard them in years. But did you guys get the champ back in the day? Does that ring a bell with anybody? Maybe it was just a canadian thing, but it was like a funny. Like, this guy was called the champ, and he would get into these scenarios where he would lose his patience and his anger would kick in and he would tell the story about kicking the crap out of somebody. I might just be. It was. A lot of these commercials were the champ theme. So, I mean, I'm maybe cap. Again, I'm not sure if this is just maybe a canadian thing, but it was definitely, like, rocky music in the background. And, you know, it would end with, like, I'd snap. I'd lose it and get into, like, you know, how he would kick the crap out of this person. So my dad would do a parody of that based on car prices. And it was just as bad as you think it is. So it was, yeah. Not fun for me.
Speaker B: Fantastic. So how does this relate to my story? Is it essentially that I'll never have.
Speaker C: Chamber also has a dad. He also has dad.
Speaker A: I'll never know. I was also in the book. In Steve's book is so full circle also.
Speaker B: And Steve, which makes it, like, so much less impressive that a.
Speaker A: Less impressive.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: B, could not show my father because our name. Our last name is misspelled in the book. So not only does it. Not even, you know, which is, like.
Speaker B: Just such a classic Steve move, too. It's so great.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So that he's got a typo and it's your name.
Speaker A: Right. And it's. That being said, my name is notoriously typo'd, so I don't hold Steve that accountable.
Speaker B: Is the last name the last name?
Speaker A: It's always.
Speaker B: Or did he. Or did he spell it Chadwick?
Speaker A: No. I mean, that'd be fine. That would be fine. No, it was the last name, but, yeah.
Speaker B: So I gotta tell you. I mean, I'll let Steve talk in a second, but, like, looking through the acknowledgements section that Steve put together, I mean, Steve kissed all the homies good night. He named everyone he knew, and, like, it was fantastic. So shouts to Steve. He's just always looking to, like, bring other people with him, and I love that about him.
Speaker A: He really is.
Speaker B: Steve, congrats on an awesome week. I can't imagine how you've been feeling. I've been thinking about you all week. Just what an epic experience you must have had. Gm.
Speaker C: Yeah, man, thanks. Obviously appreciate and love everyone on this stage and appreciate you all. Yeah. The story, when you told me the story about your dad, I was, like, tearing up and I told Don, and obviously, like, I lost my dad last year, right. So it's like, my dad, like, would have been all over this. Like, one thing my dad loved is he loved bragging. Chamber, you can relate to this. I think you'll do this, too. He loved bragging about the accomplishments of his kids so that he could get the credit for them. I say this in love, but this is, like, something I could see Chamber doing as his kids are successful and being like, shower me with your compliments. My kid has done something great, and it's sort of like when you join NFT community, like 90% of the utilities, everyone telling them they love you. But my dad, my dad, I mean, he would have been obviously very proud, but he would have been sharing this like every single day. So it got me thinking about, like that a little bit when you said it, obviously. So I have those moments. And it's like, it's honestly one of the most. It's not about the sales numbers per se, which it's done enough that it, like, if the Wall Street Journal bestseller list existed still, it would be on there, which is pretty cool. But it's not even about the sales numbers. It's like, I don't know. I thought like a couple people were going to tweet about it and maybe we were going to talk about it and to see people treating it like this sold out mint, but they have no financial investment or interest here. It's just like, it's an academic Gordon goner who sweeps floors and buys like $5 million nfts is sitting there tweeting about an educational book resource that he's going to hand out to people. It's like, it's just. It's crazy to me. And like, just one other for the sake of, I think Chamber might have heard this one, but another, like, crazy dad story is, you know, Mars, he came up and told the story on our show, but, like, he told his dad, like, his dad and him play chess on the oculus. So his dad is very tech forward, but he just kind of thought NFTs were silly. He doesn't get them. And he's. And I was on his podcast, I'm like, well, let me send you an advance copy of the book and one for your dad so, like, you guys can read through it and maybe it'll convince him. And he sends me a screenshot of a text from his dad who's like, I'm nine pages in and I'm starting to understand what you've been trying to tell me for three years. Two chapters later, he set up a wallet. Another couple chapters later, he bought his first NFT. So he's my exit liquidity now, which is great, but, like, the fact that his dad, like, legitimately, like now has this bond. Cause we know how weird we are in crypto and how great this would be to experience with, like, our parents. And so now he has that bond and it's like, fuck. Like, that's why we wrote this. It's like, not about the numbers. It's like, I don't know when you pour your heart into something for three years and then, like, you're like, nobody's gonna care. Nobody can make money off this thing. We'll see what happens. And then to, like, have the past few days happen the way I, like, CEO of Doodles tweeted about it. Gordon Garner tweeted about it. Like, all these, you know, fucking beanie. Beanie tweeted about it. Beanie boasted about my book. Like, it's just, like, it's so surreal. So, like, I don't know. I appreciate the kind of words and, like, I appreciate and love all you, but, like, it's been really emotional, like, going through, because it's like, you work on something for, like, almost two years, and you're like, what if this thing sucks? Or what if it, you know, like, I'm not going to be able to do anything here, and then just, like, to have it happen the way it went down, it's like, I. I don't know. I've never experienced anything. I've never experienced anything remotely like this in my life, professionally or personally. It's, like, the coolest thing. So. No, appreciate it. And appreciate, both of you, for all the support you obviously give throughout, like, my whole, like, crazy journey. It's. It's like, you know, and obviously, it's like, you know, just a single moment in time, but it's like, I mean, this is, like, one of, like, the best weeks of my life, and it's not close.
Speaker B: That's so, so cool. I can't wait for the everything token. Two electric boogaloo to its doors. You got that chamber.
Speaker A: Yeah, the everything.
Speaker C: Totally. I'll spell your name in a different way in that one chamber.
Speaker A: It's okay, Steve. All you have.
Speaker C: You're like, chad Bourne isn't even a name. Why would you go with that? It's just, like, something completely. Something just so nonsensical. But I'll get the last name right.
Speaker A: Steve, you just need to promise me. We need to make a commercial about maybe both of our shows where we're, like, the king of Kryptos or something like that. Like the king of Web three between the two of us. I think that would be nice.
Speaker C: That would be. That would be your Bonnie moment.
Speaker B: Do you think you're the king of Web three chamber?
Speaker A: No. Maybe Steve is, but, like, he. He, like, nods, gives me a nod.
Speaker B: Prince. The Duke?
Speaker A: No, not the prince again, but, like, yeah, the earl.
Speaker B: Oh, Earl. You would be. You would make a great earl.
Speaker C: The Jarl of Web two. You're all I'm trying to think of, like, creative titles there.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: Like the Tsar. I like it. I like it. The viceroy of.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. You're definitely a viceroy.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker C: The assistant to the regional manager of Web three.
Speaker A: It's funny. My daughter and I started watching the office, and that joke came up, and she's like, why does he keep. Why does he keep correcting him? And I explained her the dynamics of the dynamics between assistant manager and assistant to the regional manager. And she's like, that's very funny.
Speaker B: Just like that.
Speaker A: I like that. I like that. That's a very funny joke.
Speaker B: The Steve Carell fella, he might.
Speaker A: He might be, see, might. He might grow up to be somebody.
Speaker C: Keep an eye on him. He's an uppercomer.
Speaker B: Yeah. Oh, man, that's funny. Well, I mean, that's all I got today. Chamber, what else do you want to talk about?
Speaker A: Well, I wanted to update you. We did. Because I know you're not going to go back and listen to the last show. We did get some vindication for pain, where I want to say we're a bit more split on the smooth criminal talk from the other day. I'm interested in Steve's take.
Speaker B: Oh, all right. Steve, were you here for this conversation?
Speaker C: This was this Michael Jackson versus alien ant farm? Correction. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: Smooth criminal.
Speaker C: We were. I can't remember if I saw this show or not, but I just recently had this conversation with my daughter because my son got into one piece, and there's a Michael Jackson character, and smooth criminal comes up and my content. I would contend that the alien and farm version is superior.
Speaker A: Get off the stage.
Speaker B: It is.
Speaker A: No, he's. No, he's in good company. Steve is correct.
Speaker C: But honestly, like what me and Chamber.
Speaker A: Talked about offline, that makes.
Speaker C: Plus, they didn't do those terrible things. So I think that also bonus, the.
Speaker A: Three of you make sense. Payne just made such a funny joke that I can't share with anybody. That's just for me, and I appreciate it, and I love it.
Speaker B: Oh, wow. That was really. I love inside jokes. I hope to be a part of one somehow.
Speaker A: One day. One day.
Speaker B: Which is an office deep cut, if you.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, I made the. In our mid Mike crisis chat, I made the, you know, the observation that maybe it just comes down to a John Mayer Dave Chappelle thing. And for those of you familiar with that.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Yeah. So, you know, white guys like us, like their. Their music a little differently than different cultures. So we. Maybe the alien ant farm speaks to us more specifically. I think is what we came to the conclusion on.
Speaker B: Fair enough. And pain just called us out.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Fantastic. I love it. Mister House GM.
Speaker D: I had some anime recommendations for Steve's son. If he hasn't already seen him. I recommend full metal alchemist. Full metal alchemist Brotherhood and cyberpunk ed fronters.
Speaker C: I will pass this along, but my son is very one track mind. And so I had told him because, like, jonah from, you know, Jonah, the gamer from Web three came up on our stage and was recommending, like, the hot new anime that's like getting number one in the streets. Just one season in. I don't remember what it was, but I, like, walk in. You know, that, that. That sort of meme of, like the politician lady, and she's walking and looks super awkward. I basically, like, walked into the room like that lady, all excited to tell my son and be like, hey, you want to know the hot new anime? I just found out the hot new anime. You'll find out before any of your friends. And he looks at me, he's like, I'm good watching one piece. I just prefer to watch that. And I was like, wow, that just crushed a moment where I thought I was gonna be cool. So I will make the recommendations, but my son could not give a crap about them if they're coming for me, I think. So. I'll try my best.
Speaker A: Hey, Steve, I do have a question for you. As the father of kids that are similarly aged to mine, it was a big. I had to put my foot down today. Okay. And as you may or may not know, I'm going to go ahead and assume people might, um. Might think I'm a pushover father. Uh, and they would be correct.
Speaker B: I think you are.
Speaker A: Yeah, I know. Yeah, I am. I am my track.
Speaker B: Not. Not fully, but, like, I think you are more pushover than not.
Speaker A: That is the right assessment.
Speaker C: So, yeah, there's no way you're the heavy.
Speaker B: Like, I know when you told me that you frequently go to multiple food stops to everybody, that was. That was the one for me.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's the. It's the KFC McDonald's.
Speaker B: Although I would probably do the same thing. So I think we're. I'm very relatable.
Speaker A: They're pretty close. Like, honestly, they're about two blocks from each other. So you just go to one and then you go to the other.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's fine. But anyway, so I did have to.
Speaker A: I had to say no. I had a big no. And this was from my oldest daughter. She's ten. She'll be eleven this year, in the summer.
Speaker B: Daddy, daddy, please, can I buy the everything token?
Speaker A: Yeah. I said, well, I already got you a copy, but her name's misspelled so you can't read it. I can't even show this to my daughter. But no. So she asked me. So it's Friday today. She asked me if on break, she can leave the school with her friend and go to the local Tim Hortons coffee shop.
Speaker B: Oh, man, this was, this was quite a thing back in like, you know.
Speaker A: Right, I'm with you.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. So she's in the fifth grade. She has her own phone. Her, she has some friends that are a year older, maybe two years older. She has, obviously, friends that are her own age. But some of her older friends, they, they, you know, during one of the breaks, you know, I don't know if it's late morning or early afternoon, they go, I don't know, maybe not even a five, maybe a five minute walk, not even to a Tim Hortons. And, you know, they get some, they get a treat, they get a drink and. But they need, for them to go, they need a parental consent. So I'd have to sign a letter saying, yeah, it's okay that my daughter leaves the school and returns back in whatever x amount of time. And I told her, let me think about it. And my wife and I thought about it and we came to the conclusion that no was the correct answer. I just think my thought was a little too young. There can be so many. Not even, obviously, there's worst case scenarios. She gets kidnapped or something like that. But once you're out with a bunch of older kids, I find bad decisions could be made. Maybe you don't go get back to class on time, or just bad decisions are made. Maybe you get in a little bit of trouble. Maybe you get into an argument with another kid. Lots of things can happen. There's a lot of variables. And I feel like she's not old enough to make her way through those variables in a way that I would be okay with. But, Steve, I wanna know, would you have let your kid go? Have you run into a similar situation? Was I wrong? Uh, should I have been much nicer?
Speaker C: I mean, it depends on the kid. It's hard because, like, and I won't say which one because I'm loud and they might be in your shop, but like, I will say, well, in the story I'll tell you, we'll kind of tell you which one. But yeah, I have, I have run into a similar ish situation. So my daughter is, her school is, I don't know, probably roughly, I don't know, like, you know, ten minute walk from her friend's house, you know, not like, or something like that, 15 minutes walk. And we started doing a thing where we would drop her and all her friends off at the house and she would walk to school and she walks from school. And then we pick her up from her one friend's house. They hang out after school and like they think it's cool. Now they're in 6th grade, they're twelve, and they all like have like babysitting licenses and stuff. So it's a little different. There's not older kids involved. So I see those potential mishaps. I think with one of my kids, which you can guess which one I would sort of say with this based on it, I would definitely say, yeah, I would let her go and try and see what happens because I think there's this double edged sort of, on one hand, she is going to run into problems and she is going to be late to class and she is going to have those things. And those are those learning moments when you figure out who you are and how you respond and have those life learning lessons. And like, it's one of the, it's almost like you have a controlled scenario with your kid where barring the awful. Right, you mentioned. Yeah, but forget that. Like, take the awful out of it. You're potentially putting her in the safest situation to learn life lessons, get into arguments, make bad decisions, turn to good decisions, and she might come home and be like, hey, everybody didn't so me and so and so went back to class. Like, right? Or like maybe nothing.
Speaker A: So follow up question. Follow up question. So we'll use your kid. The friend that they're, that your kid is with is this. And I don't know about you, but there's different levels of friends for me. Like friends that I'm like, oh, if you're with this person, I'm very confident. And if you're with this person, maybe I'm a little less confident. And if you're with this person, I'm like, like, I would prefer you not be friends with that person. You know what I mean? Is this, with like the top tier.
Speaker C: Friend, there's three of them and it's a range, but like, I would say overall, the lowest on that range would still be like a top tier in the sense that, like extremely trustworthy and responsible. So I'm lucky in that sense that like, my daughter is very responsible. And nerdy. So like, we're okay there, probably.
Speaker B: Mister House. Mister House, do you, are you allowed to leave school for Tim Hortons?
Speaker D: Well, I was going to say no, we didn't do that in our school. But also, as I don't have children, I always feel it's best to steer away from giving parental advice because, you know, that just seems like a giant.
Speaker B: I mean, it doesn't stop anyone from giving financial advice. So I think you're in the.
Speaker D: That's true. But what I will offer is, you know, Chamber, if you really want to like, get down to that empathy level. Rewatch Harry Potter and the prisoners of Azkaban when he's going through signing dilemma with his right, and then Sirius ends up signing it.
Speaker C: This is the most on brand advice from Mister House, by the way.
Speaker D: We literally just watched the closest you can get to trying to get into your daughter's head and figure out like both sides of the emotion, right? Like if it's really coming down to the wire and you start reconsidering, just go watch the prisoner of Azkaban mullet over saber.
Speaker C: What's the, what's the worst case scenario for getting the awful, like, what is the worst case scenario you're afraid of? And is it, if that happens, is it actually a good thing from a learning perspective or is it like, you think it starts a downward spiral? Because those are the questions. Because like, there's a lot of outcomes, but it seems like a very safe situation for her to get a little bit of adult freedom.
Speaker A: There's a lot of older kids that are also migrating from the school to the Tim Hortons in this, in this scenario. And I think my worry is more like, you know, she, I don't know, like she gets bullied or like, there's like, you know, to me, older kids that are picking on her, those types of scenarios that I'm trying to avoid.
Speaker B: And then second, you can't avoid that though. Like that's.
Speaker A: Yeah, you say don't go. I just did.
Speaker B: That's not the reason not to let her not go. The reason, I mean, let her not go is like, you know, some sort of danger.
Speaker A: Like, well, that is a danger.
Speaker B: That's not a danger. Everybody gets bullied at some point and you need to figure out how you deal with that. You can't protect somebody from getting bullied forever. I don't respond. She's, she ain't gonna take any.
Speaker A: That is true.
Speaker C: It's hard as a parent though. Like, I get it. Like, cuz you always are like, when I see somebody being mean to my kid, I'm like, I'm about to, like, slap a nine year old today, right? That's how you feel when that happens. But, like, at the same time and again, like, I'm not saying I can't tell you what the decision is right when. Cause you have far more awareness of all the variables than I do. It just like, for what it's worth, I love having my kids get into scenarios where they have to work through situations with their friends and work through them. And if they don't do it well, I can have a conversation and if they do it well, I can praise it and encourage the behavior. And it also has given me opportunities, at least with my kids, to, like, build self esteem. To say, like, when something, like, when my son's, like, not playing a video game well on people or like, being dicks to him about it, to be like, to build up his self esteem about why they are wrong and that's okay and that's part of it and help him understand the human behavior. So, like, but again, this is such a very niche scenario. It's just I like to put my kids in scenarios where they have to experience adult type life situations because it's almost like they get a practice run on, like, easy mode for things that are going to be much harder down the line versus letting them just like, because, like, my parents sort of tried to bubble wrap me as best they could growing up and it made my first, like, real adversity that I ran into early in my, like, twenties or something, actually extremely hard because I was very, they tried very hard to bubble, right? Like, my dad wanted to step in whenever something went wrong and he was a lawyer and watch out, like, not that he was like, I'm going to sue you type thing, but he would, like, write a letter to the teacher, like, my son and got bullied and, like, you know, instead of letting me work through it where I probably could have myself, I didn't develop those life skills until I was more in my early twenties. Right. So I think, like, there's probably validity to that, but I also might just be projecting. So I don't want to, like, you know, say that because you're like a confident, like, and your daughter's also probably popular because your daughter is your daughter, so she's probably cool.
Speaker A: Whereas, yeah, she's got my confidence on my wife's look, so, I mean, she's.
Speaker C: That's bad. That's a bad, that's a, that's a tough combo to raise, though. So you. So that's a different variable. Right. So I just. I want to throw that in there too.
Speaker A: No, I appreciate that. We will wrap up here, though. We could go on forever. I know you love it.
Speaker D: All right, Chamber, just for you, I'll stream Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban in the war room this weekend.
Speaker A: We literally just watched it like two days ago. It's so funny you say that like we've been on a Harry Potter kick going through all of them. So that's. I'm going to rewatch it now, keeping that in mind. So I appreciate it. Yeah, Steve, I appreciate your insights. Mister House appreciates your insights, Bunch. You know, thanks for coming today.
Speaker B: Thanks. Yeah, you're welcome.
Speaker A: Big win for bunch today. Win. Win today. Win. That's right. I'll let you finish it up, bud.
Speaker B: You do it.
Speaker A: Just do it. Just do it.
Speaker B: Until next time, keep the mic hot.
