Speaker A: Well, it would have been cool.
Speaker B: Only dashboard and melty, but we still have the radio. Oh, sure, Mel. Cooler melt.
Speaker A: Wasn't you would ever know. Will you pull them down?
Speaker B: Nowhere? Well, it's time for some place I like to go. I wish it was broken, but I love it. We talk about nothing. I wanted to remember.
Speaker A: GM, everybody. Payne, how you doing today? Bunch. Bunches here. Pain's here. We got. There's still no Deb. I haven't heard from Des still. How's everybody doing?
Speaker B: I. This is maybe the longest we've gone ever without hearing from Des.
Speaker A: Like, hearing from. Correct. Like, I don't even. Like. I'm looking for a sign of life at this point.
Speaker C: Yeah. I'm concerned.
Speaker B: Has he tweeted?
Speaker A: I haven't checked his tweets. Maybe we should check those.
Speaker C: I mean, you all know his real name, right?
Speaker B: Just.
Speaker C: Just facebook him.
Speaker A: I think I know his real name.
Speaker B: Goats.
Speaker A: That isn't it. Yeah. Desmond Goats.
Speaker B: That's exactly it. It's Desmond. Desmond R. Goats. He's actually the only Desmond goats in the world.
Speaker A: Well, that makes it easier for him to find. I think Mister House was digging. That was. That was dashboard by modest mouse. Were you a modest mouse fan?
Speaker B: That was pretty good.
Speaker A: I was a big modest mouse fan. Seen them a couple of times live. I've been made fun of by an old coworker of mine who's a big, like, heavy metal guy. And I said the heaviest music I listened to, and I said it sincerely. I said. I said the. On the heavy side, I listen to modest Mouse. And he laughed. He thought that was the funniest thing ever said. That was.
Speaker B: Well, that's because he's over there listening to hubris rat or whatever.
Speaker A: The metal version of cannibal Corpse.
Speaker B: Yeah, hubris rat. Modest mouse. I'm not really sure what was the.
Speaker A: One from Parks and rec? Was it death ratified?
Speaker B: I don't know. I was. I've watched. I've watched that one time through. I don't think I'm.
Speaker C: I think it was, like, mouse trap or something.
Speaker A: I think was Mouse rat.
Speaker C: I think is mass.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker C: That's it. That's it.
Speaker A: Not a. Not a parks and Rex fan bunch.
Speaker B: It's fine.
Speaker A: It's. Do you feel like it was just, like, copying office too much?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that was my initial thing is.
Speaker A: That's how I feel about family guy.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's good. It's like. But, yeah, like, the documentary style thing kind of faded on me. It's not a. It's not a bad show. I don't dislike it by any means.
Speaker A: That's fair.
Speaker B: I found enjoyment out of it. And there are some good characters in there. Uh, what's the, uh. What's the dude? John?
Speaker A: Yes, he's.
Speaker B: He's a great, great, great character.
Speaker A: And his sister, um, Mona Lisa.
Speaker B: Even better.
Speaker A: Mona Lisa Saperstein.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: She's one of the great names. One of the great names.
Speaker B: Anyway, what. What's going on? I mean, I don't really have too. Too much here to.
Speaker A: I tried to title the. The show appropriately.
Speaker B: What do you want from us? Yeah, I know. I don't. I don't really like. You tweeted that, hey, anything could happen. That's a really nice way of saying we have nothing prepared today. So there's. There's that. And, you know, we didn't have. We. Our show on Wednesday was very good, but we didn't talk a single thing about nfts and the market or anything like that. What are your current thoughts here on where. Where we are in the crypto market? We are sitting at a 1646 east and a 25 977 bitcoin. How are you feeling?
Speaker A: You know, I think we are in that. In that zone of wait and see. I don't anticipate any big moves happening in the next few weeks, but I do think we could see a rally, you know, come late October, November into December. What. What are your thoughts there? I think. I think we could.
Speaker B: This is your call of a, uh, this.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Q four rally.
Speaker A: Q I think us, you know, I'm not saying all time highs, but I'm thinking a Q four rally, uh, on bitcoin, that gets us to maybe. Maybe like, maybe 36, maybe 47. I could see that.
Speaker B: Get out of here.
Speaker A: I'm just saying 36. Well, I mean, it's got. It has to happen at some point.
Speaker C: Why not 2023 with the happening coming, you know, everyone's like, the happening? The happening.
Speaker A: Absolutely.
Speaker C: And, you know, with. With everyone thinking that, it almost feels like it's going to go the opposite direction.
Speaker A: No. For people not familiar with the having a bitcoin, what it does is it essentially reduces the block rewards for bitcoin transactions. So all these bitcoin miners are now getting half of what they would get the day prior after the halving happens. So all those basically making it harder to get more bitcoin, essentially making it more valuable. And there is a finite amount of bitcoins, which I think the last bitcoin to be mined, I think is like 21, 40. I feel like it's like, a good hundred plus years from now. And every four years, the block reward halves, so it becomes harder and harder to make new bitcoins, making whatever is out there currently that more valuable. Does that make sense?
Speaker C: Payne oh, yeah. Yeah, for sure.
Speaker A: So, I mean, yeah, like, that, I can't, it's definitely gonna make every having so far has either been preceded by or shortly thereafter has created a new all time high for bitcoin. So. For sure.
Speaker C: And I've seen that trend. It just, I don't know you.
Speaker A: Hey, absolutely. The trend is your friend. Okay?
Speaker C: That is true. Trends are made to be broken.
Speaker A: Things that rhyme are inherently accurate. A lot of people don't know that. If it rhymes, it's probably true. So, no, I do think, I do think we're gonna see all time high either on the lead up to the having or shortly thereafter. And I do think a move, a Q four move, is the Q four is always typically good for cryptocurrency. So, again, it might be a move towards that all time high. So we have major resistance at, was it 33, 37, and 47? One of those wouldn't shock me if one or two or maybe even three of those. Three of those levels are hit between now and the end of the year and then going into next year. If that happens, it just creates follow through for the rest of 2024 leading up to the halving, which then we could see new all time highs. Right? So, I mean, we saw similar things in 2020. Like, I'm just looking at some of the charts here, you know, relief rally in 2021 that we saw a new all time high for. So I don't know. It's it's Q four I like a lot. So we'll see. I feel. I feel good. I don't see a lot of potential for downside. I see more potential for upside, especially going into, like, October, November, December.
Speaker C: Yeah, I agree. I think I'm starting to lose hope, which maybe that's a good sign. Everything.
Speaker A: That's exactly. Yeah, absolutely. That's what we want. We want everybody to lose hope and then lose their shit when it starts going again.
Speaker B: Speaking of buying the top, speaking of losing hope, our good friend JP Kaz tweeted the other day that I want your take on this. Is he said specifically, I think his tweet said, what if I told you bitcoin never hits 100k, eth never hits ten k? Are you still sticking around?
Speaker A: I'm pretty sure JP tweeted that in 2018 saying, bitcoin will never hit 20k again. I feel like we can go back in time and check that exact same.
Speaker B: Tweet about twenty k. I mean, maybe, but I'm asking you, I'm asking you this very specific question from JP. If you are, if you knew for a fact bitcoin would never hit one hundred k and ETH would never hit ten k, are you still here for the walls or are you packing your, packing it up.
Speaker A: Packing it up. If I knew for sure, yes. Packing it up. Let's get the fuck out of here.
Speaker B: All right. Let's do the same thing with Eth at. See, like, I mean, just because it doesn't hit ten k, like, you know, is going to fluctuate, let's say all time high. If you knew that either one would never hit all time high again, would you still stick around or like that they, you know, you, you're basically risking that it hits all time high or not, right. Like if you knew.
Speaker A: So. I know, but, but I know for sure it's never going to hit all time high again, that I would just.
Speaker B: I would just all time high.
Speaker A: Yes. I would just trade, I would just trade it.
Speaker B: Are you any good at that?
Speaker A: I mean, I would learn.
Speaker B: People are not.
Speaker A: No, exactly. No, I would learn to be good. So I would just take, you know, take a different approach and just learn a trade.
Speaker B: Because the trade, it's not a zero sum game. It's not, that doesn't mean it's never going to be 25k. Just exactly, or, sorry, just 2500 for ease or whatever, which is, would result in more money than I have now. Right. Uh, but is the risk reward, right, of it potentially it's still better from here versus, uh, you know, what you get at an all time high worth it.
Speaker A: Do I also know it's not going to zero? It's basically, I know for, okay, well, that, that's a different story. If I know it's just going to fluctuate between 1000 and, you know, $3,000. I would just trade it.
Speaker B: Of course, because you can trade it both ways.
Speaker A: Right, exactly. But, you know, if we're saying that, you know, for certain, like if we have the certainty one way, I would, you know, I would like the certainty the other way as well. Like, sir, you know, certainly won't go below 500 then. No, then if I, if I don't know for certain it's not going to zero, that I wouldn't trade it. I would just pack it up and leave. If I knew for certain it wouldn't go say, below 500, then I would just, yeah, I would just trade.
Speaker B: You would pack it up and leave even with all the other stuff that goes on. Right. Like you could catch a shit. You could do, you know, you still got nfts to potentially trade. You would, you'd pack it all up, huh? I would say probably most of your actual gains do not come in the form of holding or trading bitcoin and ethereum. Is that accurate?
Speaker A: Correct. Yeah, but I think those other shitcoins all perform the way they do based on the fact that ethereum and bitcoin and cryptocurrency as a whole will continue, at least in the short term, to create new all time highs and stuff.
Speaker B: I'm not sure that's accurate. Most of these things are happening while bitcoin and ether are.
Speaker A: Yeah, but there's definitely like an underlying, yeah, there's an underlying, you know, assumption with everybody trading these that like, yeah, bitcoin's down right now, but this is the time. Or ethereum's down right now, but this is the time to make eth gains on whatever, like on this, on this shitcoin or make BTC gains on this.
Speaker B: Right. Is like these alternate.
Speaker A: But you trade shitcoins to make.
Speaker B: Yeah. So making more eth makes you more money regardless of if hits all time high or not is what I'm saying.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. I just think the volume, like am I the only one that knows it's not going all time high?
Speaker B: I mean, you know, everything. So I would assume at least. Yes, like that.
Speaker A: No, but like in this, in this, you know, in this universe, does everybody know it's not going to all time high?
Speaker B: No, because I see what you're saying there. Right. It's like if everybody knew, everybody would leave.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: So then, yes, then I would probably stick around if I was the only.
Speaker B: One called make up the rules as you go.
Speaker A: Cause, yeah, you gotta have. I like, I like knowing all the rules because it definitely plays a factor in my end decision, but yes. So if I was the only one that knew, I would probably stick around to take advantage of those people.
Speaker B: Well, sure. You would have a very good edge.
Speaker A: If I would just short the all time high.
Speaker B: It's the same distribution. Yeah, right. You would just short all time high into the ground, everything. That's an obvious and clear edge for you. Right? Like you're funny. Yeah, I get it. Mister House. Gm. Gm.
Speaker D: Yeah. I was curious as to whether or not you guys were going to be addressing any of the potential topics veloc throughout in the war room because I thought some of those could get pretty entertaining as well as pretty informative.
Speaker B: Yeah, I got to go back and bring those up because chamber, when you posted that tweet to the war room, I basically said, yeah, this was a really nice way for you to say we didn't have anything prepared. So velo, the mid curver, as he's self described in the war room, gave us a list of potential topics for today. And some of them are pretty good. Would you like to hear some?
Speaker A: Yes, I would. I'm reading some of them.
Speaker B: Okay, let's start. Let's start with. And I'm going to make you bring up the chart on this one to do your, your quick off the cuff ta. First topic. Will apecoin go sub $1 in September or October? Let's start there. What do you think? What are the charts and tea leaves saying for you?
Speaker A: Let me just take a quick look. What chart should I be like?
Speaker B: I'm looking, I'm gonna. I don't even. I have a binance. Yes, Heather.
Speaker A: Yes. The answer is yes.
Speaker B: Yes. Huh. But others. Coinbase apecoin, us dollar. Yeah, let's do that one. How about.
Speaker A: Oh, it's not looking pretty.
Speaker B: So for those of you who are not current on the price of apecoin, it is currently sitting at $1.41. So in order for it to hit under dollar, it's got. You're basically cutting a 50% lop off. Right. So does this have 50% downside in the next eight weeks? I mean, I, I think to your point before directionally will be decided by, on a us dollar term, directionally decided by bitcoin. However, if you're just looking at the chart on a daily level, it's not looking great. I'm seeing like it broke that support resistance level at like 285 and has been dipping ever since. Then there's another kind of like what's looking as a clear resistance level at like 259, 259, 260. And it kind of retested that and rejected pretty hard. Now down to this 141 level.
Speaker A: So I'm just trying to see how far it went. Like in the last eight weeks. Like, I'm just trying to see the all time. So I got about 2227 as an.
Speaker B: All time in the last eight in, let's see, July, June 23. Is that still within the list? No, that's. Twelve weeks, I guess. No, I got that little guy.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's what I have.
Speaker B: 100. 9192.
Speaker A: I think I have it. I got a little spike, I think 231 on the 22nd or no, July.
Speaker B: Yeah, July. 18, 2023, it spiked to 231. That was that. That was that retest that I was kind of talking about. Yeah, it's like 230. Well, actually, it got rejected there. The first retest was that 252 level, and then it broke down that support level at 182. So I would say it's not looking great. And your short term upside is anywhere from 180 to that 230 level. So, like, if you're looking like, you know, if you have an active bag, I would say that 252 is definitely top, but I bet you it doesn't get past that 233 and maybe not even past that 180 level. But. But like you said, since. Since July 18, at two, whatever, 92 or 192, that's taken a 50% haircut. So I think the possibility is certainly there.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, it's. I would say it's. I would say it's more likely than not. I would be more surprised if it did.
Speaker B: I agree. It needs some serious catalysts slash, sinks to. And that's the. That's the kind of unknown variable, all things equal. Right now, I think you are sitting no, no higher than $2.
Speaker A: And this could be directly affected by the price of Ethereum and the price of bitcoin, but kind of like I.
Speaker B: Mentioned, I think that's more bitcoin. And any still trend this way or even slightly down, then obviously down for. Down for apecoin. If you see a big pop in either just by the ratio sake of, like, the trading pair, the price will go up relative to USD. And that's that thing that people, when they're new, kind of struggle to wrap their head around, right? Is like, why is my ratio pair dipping when my USD price is going up? And it's because it's all effectively tethered to the. The price action of these major assets? Right, like that. Exactly so. Which, in fairness, it took me a long time to understand when I was new as well. Mister House, what's your call? Ape under a dollar.
Speaker D: Mister House has not looked at the ape charts, nor does he have much technical analysis knowledge, and is purely a spectator when it comes to ape coin.
Speaker B: Fair enough.
Speaker A: How big of a fan of modest mouse are you, mister us? Because you were really pumping the emoticons while the music was playing.
Speaker D: I was just spamming, okay?
Speaker A: I wasn't sure. I wasn't. That's all I want to double check.
Speaker B: First of all, that's not even the correct term.
Speaker A: Emoticon I like to use. Emoticon.
Speaker B: Isn't emoticon like when you. Isn't an emoticon when you use like, actual keyboard things, like, yeah, I like Nokia style. Right? So these are emojis, not emoticons, for those, uh, you know, about to jump on the boomer. That is the canadian Riz king over here. He knows Riz, but not emojis. All right, topic. Topic two. Would Chamber be in jail if he was a us citizen due to his lax approach on taxes? I'm gonna go with Mister House. Throwing this to Mister House first.
Speaker D: I would like more context, and I'd like to hear Chamber give his side of the story.
Speaker B: And then, oh, so this is a great one. If you missed it a couple weeks ago, if you missed this a couple weeks ago, Chamber just filed his taxes for last year, and we've, we uncovered that. In Canada, people just straight up don't file taxes until they feel like they're ready. So Chamber just ignores tax day and kind of just does it as he pleases, which was totally mind boggling to me, that this is somewhat of a culture thing in Canada, it appears, and even your accountant did not seem to mind that you're paying your taxes in late July, when they are due months earlier. That is the context for you, Mister House. So, Chamber, can you confirm this is somewhat of a culture thing in Canada?
Speaker A: I didn't even realize it was until I started talking to a couple of people. Like, just this, just this tax season or post tax season? Tax off season, we'll call it.
Speaker B: I mean, it's all tax season if you've never submitted your taxes. Right? Like, you just anytime you, you know, it's a still tax season.
Speaker A: But yes, my accountant, this is the second year in a row where I've postponed, you know, just didn't get around to it. And both times, my accountant doesn't say a word, doesn't even reach out. Like the week of. I just kind of reach out to him when I feel like I got to get to it. So, yes, it was. I think it was what we. Was it July. Must have been July that I did that.
Speaker B: It was just a couple weeks ago.
Speaker A: Yeah. End of July. Yeah. No, they just came back from holidays. That's right. Yeah. It doesn't say that. Like, doesn't. Doesn't say anything. Like, it's. I just send it to. And he sends me the questions I need to answer and the files that he needs from my end and sends me the, you know, sends me the bills, you know, gives me the, sends me the docusign stuff, and away we go. But I was talking to my financial advisor, who's like a legit person, you know, just like a regular, you know, doesn't. Doesn't mess around.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. You just. Taxes whenever you damn well please.
Speaker A: Just like a hockey. Tim Horton driving, you know, Tim Horton sipping, hockey playing dude.
Speaker B: Sorry, sorry. Yeah, you just put them in whenever you want. Don't worry about it. No rush.
Speaker A: Yeah, he hadn't done his yet either, when I had mentioned, and that would.
Speaker B: Have been the CPA, the financial advisors hadn't done his taxes at the same time. So this is why I've determined that it is a cultural thing in Canada. So the answer to there's the context for your question or for velo's question, knowing that context, would chamber be in jail if he was a us citizen? Yes or no?
Speaker D: So I'll paint the scenarios I see playing out in Canada versus us leading into my answer. So, in Canada, I kind of imagine there's really no deadline. But for chamber, it comes down to he's just like, you know, doing some yard work, you know, smoking. Smoking a joint. Next thing you know, the Mounties are out there with the Canada Revenue Agency, and then chamber just goes, oh, I'm sorry. Right. And they're just. They're just like, oh, okay. Yeah, he'll pay his taxes.
Speaker B: Yeah. And he just reaches into his satchel and writes them a check. And, like, his leather bound satchel that he wears.
Speaker D: Pasta's a major maple syrup. It's all. It's all fair game. But no, in the IR's, I just got to imagine you got that agent who's just pressing chamber, and then, like, we get to now in the year, and he just, like, so didn't want to pay your taxes, huh? Well, let's look at this ether scan. You know, blockchain reading. It says here you buy.
Speaker B: It says here you're very.
Speaker D: Thousand Maln token at market.
Speaker A: Captain, listen.
Speaker D: Sold at $40 million market cap.
Speaker A: I know that. I know.
Speaker D: Going through chambers shit coin history. And they're going to just be probing him in a room. You know, they'll turn it up to, like, 87 degrees. I just picture him in an interrogation chamber with, like, an FBI agent and an IR's guy just going after him, chambers dressed like Gordon Gekko. I don't know why, but that's right.
Speaker A: Now, I know the state of the federal budget for the United States, and it's terrible. And I know they don't have the bandwidth to be checking my ether scan. That's just a fact.
Speaker B: But the problem is our debt. Our national debt is so bad that they need to make sure everyone pays their taxes on time, because they shouldn't.
Speaker A: They be going after all those billionaires?
Speaker B: I mean, sure, but you're. You're pretty close to one fish.
Speaker A: Where the fish are, is all I'm saying.
Speaker B: I mean, look, you're. You're a Hmong Millie. You're Mom Millie. And, you know, you're. You're right there. I need to hear from Checo down there. Checo. Gm.
Speaker D: Good afternoon.
Speaker A: I just wanted to say. So, in the US, you only have to meet these deadlines if you actually owe taxes. So if you're sort of wrecked enough in any given year, and maybe your job.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So if you. If your job, like, what do they call it? You know, we're out of your paycheck. The deductions come. If the deductions meet your tax obligations, then you don't have to file taxes anyway. If you don't owe them any money, you might be leaving money on the table.
Speaker B: Yeah, you. They're not gonna come looking to give you the money back if you don't. If you're expecting a refund. Yeah, I guess that deadline does not quite hold as much weight. That makes sense. There's some tax alpha, though, chambers. So you just have to come here and manipulate your finances in such a way in which they are not expecting any money from you, and then you can go on with your day not submitting your taxes on time, free and clear. How does that sound?
Speaker A: I feel like the Canadian Revenue Agency is just happy that I'm doing my.
Speaker B: Part, you know, up there. The cra. Yeah, when you get there.
Speaker A: Yeah, they're very happy. Yeah. Like, oh, good job, bud. You know, like, you did a pretty good job. You know, a pretty good job. Your practices. Dear friend, we noticed you did your darndest to get your. To get all those transactions down on. On your reporting for 2023. So we'll give you a pass. No big deal. I'm very nice about it.
Speaker B: I'm sitting here looking at a letter from the IR's on my desk right now.
Speaker A: From the American IR?
Speaker B: Yeah, that's the one. That's the one.
Speaker A: Not the American Ir's.
Speaker B: And they refer to me as dear taxpayers, so they are not nearly as friendly as the Mounties up north. They are responding to an inquiry from November 1, 2022. On behalf of my accountant. They approved my request to remove penalties. So there you go.
Speaker A: Is this like, a real. Like, are you out living this?
Speaker B: No, no, I'm reading it from the letter. There's much more to the letter, but.
Speaker A: Well, that's good. It's a positive.
Speaker B: We've approved your request to remove the penalties. However, we granted you penalty relief only because this filing was the first time you were required to file a return. Because this was a. An LLC that I did not file a quarterly return for because I didn't realize I had to at the time. So I appealed my penalties and they were benevolent enough to revoke them, which is, you know. So thanks.
Speaker A: That's nice.
Speaker B: Yeah. Thank you. Mister House. Before we go to the next topic.
Speaker D: Yeah. Before we shifted gears away from taxes and shit coins, I was curious how loot was treating chamber and what was going on with that.
Speaker A: It's a good question. It was good. Then it's not good. Then it's good. Then it's not good. We're just going to play around. We're going to ride it out. We're on a downturn again. We're not as down as we were originally, which is good, but we're not as up as we were at our best. But I did find that I am getting revenue shares from loot, and I'm currently at 0.3 eth total returns. That's pretty good.
Speaker B: Look at that. That's pretty good.
Speaker A: Not awful.
Speaker B: I mean, dollar investment.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Pretty small return. But, like, you know, we don't have to tell everybody that.
Speaker A: No, definitely don't tell the cra that.
Speaker B: Speaking of, I gotta find this tweet. This is actually probably a pretty good segue. I want to see. I want to bring this tweet up because I thought it was a proper roasting yesterday. Let me see if I can find it. Here it is. So this tweet I loved, it was from a friend of mine, Sergito. So if you don't know who Sergito is, I believe he works at Fireblocks. And he's a big punk guy. He's got a crypto punk. He's got a couple me bits and things like that. And if you don't know who Andrew Chamber. Do you know who Andrew Wilkinson is?
Speaker A: No. Should I?
Speaker B: Probably not. He's one of. He's one of these billionaire guys that I think is not, like, super well known, but he. I'm pretty positive he's.
Speaker A: That's the dream, by the way.
Speaker B: That's the dream.
Speaker A: Unknown billionaire. Oh, my God.
Speaker B: Yeah, I believe he's a billionaire. If not, he's pretty close. And I. He's the co founder of all these businesses. And basically his strategy is to kind of, like, acquire businesses and hire operators. And he's got this massive portfolio of businesses. Some of his companies are public, blah, blah, blah. So you can see in this quote tweet from Sergito. Andrew Wilkinson tweeted yesterday, how are those board apes and punks working out for everyone? And Sergito responded with, if you've invest. If you invested 100k in Andrew Wilkinson's company stock on January 22, 2021, you would have $13,000. Today. If you invested 100K in punks on the same day, you would have a million dollars plus twelve me bits. How's that for just, like, want to see a dead body? Absolute murder on the timeline? It was. It was really great. What do you think of that tweet?
Speaker A: I love a good. I love a good tweet like that. That's. That's fantastic. Because, you know, Andrew Wilkinson here, unknown billionaire, is just trying to engagement farm. As what? As somebody that loves to engagement farm. I see it. You know, I. When it's blatant like this, I see it crystal clearly. So, yeah, he got smacked upside the head after that one. That was fantastic.
Speaker B: Sure did. Now, speaking of engagement, before we get to our next veloth topic, have you created any more viral bangers?
Speaker A: I was going to send this to you earlier. I was fooling around with something today, and I put it out on TikTok, and I got. I think we got up to maybe. We're maybe 275, 280,000 views on the. On the butter sausage. So I put one out there.
Speaker B: I thought you were casually throwing out numbers on your new one, and I was. Cracked the code.
Speaker A: No. So on the new one, I'm at a bolstering 250 total views, so significantly less.
Speaker B: So you might have just caught lightning in a bottle.
Speaker A: Sometimes that's what it is.
Speaker B: You may not be the next Mister beast.
Speaker A: Oh, that. Yeah, that's a strong possibility. I'm not mister. I'm not the next Mister beast.
Speaker B: Well, we'll keep chugging along. You know, if one out of every 20 is our bangers, you know, that's still pretty darn good.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's. That's. That's the goal.
Speaker B: You know what they say about baseball, right? Where if you get a hit three out of every ten times, that's failing 70% of the time. But you're a hall of famer, by the way.
Speaker A: Absolutely.
Speaker B: You know, so you've got a 70% margin for error on your content, but.
Speaker A: If you fail eight every ten times, then you're a bomb, then you're a.
Speaker B: Loser, then you right.
Speaker A: That's a big.
Speaker B: Nobody wants you at all. So that sweet spot is.
Speaker A: It's. Yeah.
Speaker B: Two and a half victories of every ten.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Ten tries, and you're good to go, so. Which I think you can accomplish. I have faith in you.
Speaker A: All right. Big pressure, but I'll see what I can do. But, yes. Not going good so far on the second TikTok.
Speaker B: That's all right. We'll get there. I believe in you. I believe in you so much that I would buy your friendtech stock if I was on there. So, speaking of the next velo topic, have either of you told your significant other that you're pumping and dumping only fangirls on friend Chamber? How's your friend tech adventure going? Have you provided proper utility to your shares?
Speaker A: No, it's pretty terrible. I'm actually just pumping and not dumping.
Speaker B: You are just jumping in on those bonding curves and riding it out, huh?
Speaker A: No, I'm pumping my own bag and letting everybody else get a little win on my back.
Speaker B: So are you buying? You are. Your actual utility for your friend tech keys is that you are buying your own share. You're doing a share buyback, and you're pumping your. Your holders value there?
Speaker A: I guarantee everybody.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker A: Yeah. Everybody that's purchased a chamber share has made money.
Speaker B: Wow. What a promise. I'm not quite sure this passes the Howie test, but I I'm not quite sure that what you just said, but we'll, you know, we'll let that slide. Chamber. I'm waiting for you to put out, like, you know the Onlyfans style menu, right? Of, like, if you. You know, here's what the utility is like. Buy one key.
Speaker A: So I'm gonna be honest with you. I'm gonna be honest with you. Our significant others don't listen to the show, right? I know my wife doesn't. I don't know. I mean, I know what Onlyfans is, but I don't know what Onlyfans is, if you know what I mean. You know what I mean? I've never. I've never gone on there. I don't know what the op. I know some regular people are making copious amounts of money on this platform. Maybe this was like, a Covid thing, but maybe, like, prime Covid, there was some money.
Speaker B: I mean, there certainly are some that are. Yeah.
Speaker A: You know, but I don't know what, like, I don't know how the platform works. Do you buy a subscription and then you have access to many people? Are you buying subscriptions to individual people. How does that work? I don't know.
Speaker B: I don't want to put you creator thing.
Speaker A: Okay. I also didn't want to put you on the spot. You could also say I don't.
Speaker B: Let me just go and check my account and I'll tell you. Hold on, let me log in right here.
Speaker A: Is it a creator account?
Speaker B: Hold on, I'm just logging in. Not bunch you at all. 93 mail.com password. Don't tell anybody about this. Hashtag pound. Okay, I'm logged in. It is an individual creator platform, I do believe. But what I was saying was sometimes these types of sites have like oh, at this, at this level of support, it's kind of like a patreon, right? So like your friends, you know, your friend tech should have your Patreon type of menu. Like what kind of access are they getting to you? A certain amount of keys. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: That's a good point. I feel like everybody's sold at this point and it's just me holding a whole bunch of.
Speaker B: Holding off your own. I like this.
Speaker A: Yes. I don't think, I don't think they're. JP said he put a. He made a call on a particular shitcoin and then he had quadrupled his. I don't know if they're. What are they? Not subscribers. Followers I guess. And sold. I think he, I don't know if he sold all his own, but had a big jump in followers on Friendtech. My high watermark I think was eight or nine, so not too many. But we pumped the numbers for them. I think all of them got out in the, you know, in the black. So it was good. Good for them.
Speaker B: That is good for them. I was actually speaking of bringing up JP's or the night shift tweet. Don't forget the night shift is back tonight at eleven. Get your reminders. Set a bookmark on that tweet above so you don't miss it. I'm sure they'll be talking a ton of alpha over there on their menu tonight. Shit. Coining 101 is Pepe Ruggan, NFt bounce prohibition, r drop and friend tech. Good? So you could hear JP talk about how he did holding chamber keys. There you go. Last question from Velo on the topics of the day, which by the way, I like this. Anybody who wants to do this for us in the war room going forward, add a little fun topics in here for us to cover. This is great. Why is chamber not active in the new shitcoin channel in the war room? My guess is you don't know there is one.
Speaker A: Bingo. Also, I don't go on the discord very often. I like, to me, I only use, I only use the war room. Are we saying, is there, is the shitcoin channel a sub section of the war room, or is it a completely different channel, you know, altogether?
Speaker B: I believe it has its own, like, forum type.
Speaker A: Yeah, I don't know. I'm just a. Yeah, not, oh, there we go. Somebody just tagged me shitcoin season. So, I mean, I can just stay here. I just, yeah, I either just go to the war room or I'll go to, like, you know, for the, for our contributors or writing and stuff like that. So more the back end stuff. But war room is what I do most of.
Speaker B: If any of. I'm gonna put you and pain both on the spot. I would like to figure out how we can make our new Degen bet show into a podcast. So let me know what I need to do for you guys to make that happen. Otherwise Jweb may squish me like a bug.
Speaker A: How good is this thing? Is this good? Is this worth my time? Is it worth my time to create it into a podcast?
Speaker B: Is what I'm. I think so. I think the type of content it is lends itself to podcasts.
Speaker A: Okay, the other question.
Speaker B: Itself to relisten form the other question.
Speaker A: I have the other question. I have both from pain and I. If we create this, will it be promoted by the hosts of the show?
Speaker B: Yeah. J web does a pain all over it. J web does a very good job of this. And I'm always ready with the retweet. So cool.
Speaker A: That's all we need.
Speaker B: Percent or 100% on that, so.
Speaker C: And then do a trial basis.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think we do it.
Speaker B: I think trial basis is perfect. Like, I wouldn't give us more than a month of content.
Speaker A: What's the frequency of the show?
Speaker B: Three times a week. Okay, I'm happy to do it. Just show me what I gotta do.
Speaker A: No, you won't do it. Right.
Speaker C: This is what we need you to do then.
Speaker B: We need you to remember I did for the first two years of our podcast, I did all the publishing.
Speaker A: You sure did. And then I took over.
Speaker C: We needed cap and Steve to decrease the amount of time that their show runs to about 2 hours.
Speaker B: Cap was a tidy 1 hour and 54 minutes today. I believe so.
Speaker A: Oh, wow.
Speaker B: But that's because, that's because there was no Steve. So, you know, Steve adds an extra 45 minutes every time. No doubt.
Speaker A: Same show. Exactly.
Speaker B: Same yes. Same show. I mean, he's got to get all his natural plugs in. You know, he gets 15 minutes of plugs every hour that they do the show.
Speaker A: That's true.
Speaker B: That's a good point, mister house GM.
Speaker D: Yeah. If I don't, regardless of whether it transitions to a podcast or not.
Speaker A: It will. It will just. I'm just giving a bunch of hard time.
Speaker D: No, I mean, it definitely could, but I think it'd be interesting if we used. If we got the djen bot back up and running to do some sort of competition with that, with DJ and bets, where, like, whenever they had the show, they put up, like, between three and five, like, what they're looking at for the week. Like, everyone's top kind of, like, you know, pick, and then that becomes, like, the bets of the week that anyone can throw Djen down on.
Speaker B: I love this idea. It does require me to pay my AWS bill that is past due to get the bot back up and running. But I promise I will do that for you before football starts so we can do something like that because I love the idea. And sorry for being a degenerate who doesn't pay his WS bill, because we are but a bootstrapped, tiny little company in a niche that the world barely cares about, so.
Speaker A: And which is in a bear market.
Speaker B: In maybe the most brutal bear market in history of crypto. So there you have it. But I promise I will get that back for you.
Speaker C: I'm excited for it. We're going to do it big. Let's get some good music.
Speaker A: Yeah. Payne and I will work on this together three times a week. I think we can. This is a two man operation.
Speaker B: It's a Monday, Thursday, Sunday show. And actually, me and J. Webb said that probably only the Monday and Thursday shows need to go out as podcast because the Sunday show is very specific to that day's slate. By the time you listen to.
Speaker A: Do we have a logo for the show?
Speaker B: We sure do, man.
Speaker A: Oh, my goodness.
Speaker B: We got it all.
Speaker A: And this is recorded on spaces or are we using.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay, perfect. Yeah, we're good to go. We're good to go. We'll get. We'll get this up.
Speaker B: Let's go.
Speaker A: All right, so can we start with this Monday show, or would you like us to go back? Catalog.
Speaker B: The only one I would like to go back was the one that we just did on, on Wednesday because that one's got some. Some evergreenness to it. All right, the last. Or, I mean, I guess the last topic we covered all of Vila's topics and we have time to spare. I needed to bring this one up because I think it's hilarious and great. Up top, Crocs, Maxi war room aficionado who calls me and you, his two dads, put together this list from yesterday of influencers favorite words. And he tagged cap, Steve, JP, myself, and put all of what he thinks our favorite words are or words that we kind of use as crutches. And then the question came up of like, what would yours be? And I'm not, I'm not sure you have one, but he had mine, I think, totally spot on, which was interesting. Eileen, on that one.
Speaker A: I'm just looking at his not. That's bing. Yeah, that's, that's on the money.
Speaker B: Cap. I think he nailed with pure, because he always talks about running pure. Right. He said that all the time. Steve, you could, you could probably put 30 different words in there.
Speaker A: Tracking is probably the one I would use.
Speaker B: Yeah, he does that. Isn't that the one you used in.
Speaker A: I think, I'm almost positive that's what I use in the birthday message.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that was correct. And then JP Kazi has slick. I'm not sure I know enough of his usage of that one too.
Speaker A: I think when he's describing an nft he likes, I've definitely heard him use the term slick, like, oh, that looks slick, you know.
Speaker B: There you go. Then, then JP Kaz. Right. What would you sign yourself? Because the question came up of what chambers was, and I don't know if I could have given you a very specific one.
Speaker A: Did anybody have one?
Speaker B: No. We said we were going to play, you know, TMZ scavenger hunt today to find you or to find one for you. But I, nobody actually showed up that was in that thread.
Speaker A: Maybe just cackling laugh maybe it's just a sound.
Speaker B: Yeah, just the like asterisk. Cackles loudly asterisk, yeah. He did tag pain, thinking pain might have a chamberism that he would have off the top of his head. Pain. Anything come to your mind about chamberegh?
Speaker C: That's. I'm sitting here trying to think, like, I don't, I don't think I have anything off the top of my head. He's a, he's a complex man.
Speaker A: That is true.
Speaker B: Mine would have been, and I don't think, I didn't want to say this one because I didn't want it to come off in text as, as, like I was trying to make yours about me, but the only one I could think of was. Hey, Bunch.
Speaker A: That's a good. That is a good one. I do say that one.
Speaker B: Hey, Bunch, I got a question for you.
Speaker A: I got a question for you.
Speaker B: That's the one that came to mind for me. Or maybe it's just. I got a question for you. That's one of them.
Speaker A: Transitioning.
Speaker B: By the way. This episode is sponsored by Chambers School of podcast transitions. If you've ever wanted to understand how to make a perfectly seamless transition in a podcast, join Chambers friend Tech and buy a key. And you get access to his only $3,000 course for free.
Speaker A: What a savings.
Speaker B: Huge savings. But wait, there's more. What else we got anything else today?
Speaker A: I did have a question for you.
Speaker B: I got a question for you.
Speaker A: But it was. It was in regards to. It was in regards to the show. Like, the, you know, NFL, whatever you guys are doing over there, drafting the drafts. It's a daily fantasy sports. What. What are you doing over there?
Speaker B: It's largely betting on football, with the Sunday show being the daily fantasy sports show.
Speaker A: Okay, cool. I was more thinking it was, yesterday was Kobe day 824, so there was a lot of highlights.
Speaker B: What did you do to celebrate?
Speaker A: Nothing. I don't know. I'm not a celebrate on the day kind of person, but it got me thinking of, like, just greatest sports moments. And, you know, I have some. I was just. If there was, like, a football list.
Speaker B: There'S like, you know, like, for you.
Speaker A: Like, do you have, like, a favorite sports moment or, like, a couple of them.
Speaker B: The New York Rangers winning Stanley cup in 1994. Yeah, that was very cool. That's the last time they've won and the first time they've wondez since 1954.
Speaker A: That was the year after the last canadian team won a Stanley Cup, I think was like, Montreal won 93, I think.
Speaker B: So there's that. There's, like, the 96 Yankees World Series. When I was a kid, that was the first time they won in that, like, dynasty run.
Speaker A: Was that Jeter's first year? Was Jeter playing then?
Speaker B: Jeter was a rookie in, like, 95, I believe, or 94. So that was like. He was very.
Speaker A: Was he Jeter yet?
Speaker B: I think he was kind of, sort of always Jeter.
Speaker A: Okay. I wasn't sure if he was like, a thoroughbred. You know what I mean? Like, yeah, he was.
Speaker B: Yeah, he was a good. He was always kind of a hyped guy, but the, you know, then I just. Iconic sports moments, like the USA beating Russia in the Olympics in 1980, you winning a soccer championship in 2023. Like, those are the moments I. Those are the things I think of you scoring 20 in an NBA game. Remember that time you beat up Elon Musk? There was.
Speaker A: That's right.
Speaker B: That was easy. These are the sports moments that I remember fondly.
Speaker A: I was. I was talking to my dad the other day. We were talking. I was obviously a big blue Jay fan growing up, you know, 92, 93 were big years. Oh, my God. Like, it was so good. Like, like 92.
Speaker B: Strike me as anybody who would ever like baseball.
Speaker A: Like, I. Especially those years. Like, I was. I was massive, massive fan. I had, like, my candy Maldonado jersey. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was big, big fan. I mean, it was, it was my absolute, one of my absolute favorite sports teams of all time. But I think that. I think the strike was in 94, and I think it kind of stopped.
Speaker B: The, was like the Expos and Yankees were on a collision course for the World Series that year.
Speaker A: Absolutely. I remember, I think in 93, I think the four leading batters, like, the best batting averages in the AL, were like, john, all. Like, it was all. It was like the top four were all blue jays. It was like John Olarude, Roberto Alomar, Paul Muller, and, like, Joe Carter, maybe. It was. It was unreal, but I remember that one of those years. I think it was 93. I was. My dad took me down to Detroit to see a regular season game at Tiger State, like old Tiger Stadium. And Cecil Fielder was playing, and he, he was an iconic Cecil fielder moment where I don't know if he was trying to steal second, but he got caught up in something and ended up trying to slide into second and basically got caught up about halfway between first.
Speaker B: Oh, you gotta field a rundown.
Speaker A: Nobody started sliding so far away, and then we just stopped and, and I'm pretty sure. Yeah, I'm pretty sure it was. Roberto just came over and gave him a little tap on the head because he, like, walked over. It was. It was a wild moment, but I was. Yeah, I was at that game, but, yeah, no, I was more curious to see some of your favorites.
Speaker B: Oh, man, I could do a whole show on this, so I will. I gotta think about this. I think there's tons, and I don't have time in this. Four minutes to go through all of them. But the, those were a few of my favorites, capped off by you winning the championship this year. I do need to go down to, I. First of all, I have a hard stop in four minutes, so if we're not done. You in pain? Got to close it out. The. Then I got to go down to phonics, who I barely recognized with this. Yeah, I barely recognize phonics with the mutant phonics. Gm. Gm. Gm. I just wanted to jump in. Iconic sports moments. Tom Brady, the dynasty of the Patriots, just absolutely running over the NFL for years. And then even better was backup quarterback big Dick Nick coming in, saving the day, absolute insane Super bowl, and then beating Tom Brady and the Patriots dynasty for the win. Oh, man, what a story for Philly, huh? You must have been. I can't even imagine what that was like for you as a fan, especially after, you know, you get there with Carson Wentz and he gets hurt and you're like, okay, well, we're toast in the playoffs. And then Nick falls with the story of his life, really, the run of his life. He'll never have anything that tops that, which is sad, really. But, like, what did they, did they build?
Speaker A: Is that the it's always sunny in Philadelphia like story?
Speaker B: Yeah, that was, that was where that was based off of. And at the end of that episode. At the end of that episode, those are true. Like, that's imagery and videos of them at the game.
Speaker A: At the game, right? Yeah. Okay.
Speaker B: Correct.
Speaker A: That's. That's what I thought. That's fantastic.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, that's got to be phonics. You may never have. Even if the super or the Eagles win another Super bowl, which they're primed to do in the next couple years, potentially, I'm not sure anything will quite match that feeling that you got. What do you think?
Speaker A: Yeah, it's.
Speaker B: It's tough to match that. Yeah, I mean, that's one of those moments where like. And you just go from, like, this favorite to total underdog story, and then you go be Tom Brady, and it's great. So congrats on that. As a Giants fan, I was not happy about you guys winning, but it was well deserved and. Yeah, but that's gonna do it for me, guys. You ready to close this thing down?
Speaker A: Yeah, let's do it. It's Friday. I gotta go.
Speaker B: Thank you all for hanging out with us. We touched on some, some hilarious NFT topics and crypto topics, so we got our quota in for the day. I chamber. Remember I said that I will not be here on Monday, unfortunately. So I will not be around on Monday, but the rest of the week is as planned for me. But so TBD, I guess, if there's a show on Monday or will you be around?
Speaker A: I was happy that you were here today because I was not enthused to do a show. We'll see what, I will see. I'll see what my overall, you know, my overall feeling is on Monday. But if there's stuff to talk about, I'll be there.
Speaker B: I mean, yeah. With, with, the thing is with you and I, there's always something to talk about.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: One can't come, the other, that's, that's when it just, the magic dies, you.
Speaker A: Know, it really does. Stronger together.
Speaker B: That's right. I'm pretty sure that's a hashtag we can use somewhere, but that is going to do it. Don't forget to check out night shift tonight at eleven. Tomorrow morning we got Saturday morning cartoons with GT and the gang and then we will be back to our regular schedule of Djen shows, mint condition TVD on Monday. But outside of that, the regular schedule of shows. Until next time, stay mint. It.
