Speaker A: What have I done?
Speaker B: What have I become? I can't describe this. This is my mid mic crisis.
Speaker C: How you doing, man?
Speaker B: Me?
Speaker C: Yeah. How are you?
Speaker B: Terrible.
Speaker C: I'm also terrible. Just a couple of terrible dudes right now.
Speaker B: Awesome.
Speaker C: A couple of bad dudes.
Speaker B: Couple of bad dudes. I'm gonna need you all to switch that up a little bit, all right? No.
Speaker C: If both of us feel like this, everybody has to feel like this.
Speaker B: I'm shocked. You're usually the hard one to flip the mood on. It's usually me that drags down the whole mood. What's irking you today?
Speaker C: Oh, I mean, I just. Everything is going to shit, and I'm never going to make any money ever again.
Speaker B: Yep. Okay. Both true things, correct? Yeah.
Speaker C: And, yeah, I'm a failure as a human being.
Speaker B: Oh, my God. Me too, dude, you get it. This guy gets it. I get this.
Speaker C: I shouldn't have gotten married or had children.
Speaker B: The only thing saving me is the love of my wife and children.
Speaker C: But what happens when they find out? That's all I'm telling you.
Speaker B: Mine know everything. My kids don't. They're tiny, but my wife knows everything. It's funny, I always tell the stories of what happens in crypto to other people, and they're like, oh, my God, how do you. How do you hide it all from your wife? And I'm like, buddy, my wife knows everything. It's good, though.
Speaker C: Like, is she actively asking questions? Are you just actively telling?
Speaker B: No, I just tell her because, look, it affects my mood so much, I can't not see.
Speaker C: I would say for the most part, it doesn't affect my mood too much. I mean, maybe a little bit. Um, so she's not actively, like, searching out that kind of information. Um, but, I mean, if she asks questions, I usually tell her.
Speaker D: That's because you're always depressed, right?
Speaker C: Me?
Speaker B: Yeah. So it doesn't matter.
Speaker C: Yeah, exactly. She just is like, oh, just another. Another piece of shit day with my piece of shit husband.
Speaker B: You can't. You can't fool me. I saw the way she looked at you at that cracker barrel over. I saw the way she looked at you over that. At that cracker barrel over that shortstop stack.
Speaker C: Yeah, with just. Just.
Speaker B: I saw the way that. I saw the way you offered to buy her anything she wanted from that gift shop.
Speaker C: It's funny. Um, some. She bought, um, like, a Christmas, uh, like, items for, like, family members at that. At that store. And, you know, around Christmas time, you know, we're opening. I think we're at, like, her. Her mom's place. And I'm like, oh, that looks familiar. She's like, yeah, I got that from the cracker barrel, so. Always a good spot for stocking stuffers at the cracker barrel.
Speaker B: Stocking stuffers? Like. Like waffles or.
Speaker C: No, I honestly, I feel like they were actual items. Actual items. Actual items.
Speaker B: Yeah. There's like, there's all kinds of trinkets in there.
Speaker C: Yeah. Like, trinkets is how I would put it, for sure.
Speaker B: Tchotchkes.
Speaker C: Yeah. Keys is a good one.
Speaker B: You use tchotchkes? You have any tchotchkes in your house? I have full of chotchkis.
Speaker C: I have so many tchotchkes. I'm gonna. I'll tweet a picture from the mid mic account later today. I have, like, a little tchotchke display case in.
Speaker B: Oh, wow.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's amazing.
Speaker B: Wow, that's pretty awesome. You display your tchotchkes proudly.
Speaker C: But I digress. We're going to talk about lots of stuff today. Turns out, games people in traditional finance sectors are making money, which is nice.
Speaker B: People here are making money, too, just not us.
Speaker C: I don't even want to talk about it.
Speaker B: Just not us at all.
Speaker C: So who's making money and where are they making money? In crypto.
Speaker B: I don't know if you were holding that GME token on Solana yesterday, it jumped from fricking dead, dead, dead as a doornail to, like, $128 million market cap in God knows.
Speaker C: I wonder what the dead market cap was.
Speaker B: I'm going to look right now because I.
Speaker C: Very intriguing. Because if it was like, a million dollars.
Speaker B: Okay, so we're sitting here right now at a. Let me go to market cap right now. It's at $102 million market cap. And this is straight up, literally straight up from yesterday and yesterday morning at. Let's. Let's look at a four hour chart to decide when exactly this happened. Yesterday morning at right around midnight, actually. May 13. Ten. A. 10:00 a.m. may 12 at 10:00 p.m. sorry. Uh, it was at a $3 million market cap. Three $3 million market cap at the 08:00 time yesterday or. Sorry, on May. So as the. And then the day changed over and the four hour candle went from. Literally that the one four hour candle went from 3.5 ish million and then closed at 19 million, but wicked at 33. And it's been up only ever since. It is. It peaked at 136 million a couple hours ago and currently sitting at 101 did have a nice little dip to 75 million. If you were able to get in there, you're already up 25, 30% on your money. But, you know, I can't. I can't chase stuff like that. You either have. I mean, in my opinion, you had to be there or you're out. Like, you already had to be there or you're not, right?
Speaker C: I mean, you'd have to instantly, as soon as you saw any sort of tweet from.
Speaker B: But you're talking like 40, 50 x. Almost 50 x from the bottom. Yesterday or two days ago, whenever could I handle that? Almost 50 x? Not. Not quite. It was 136,000,000. So, you know, 40 something x. Yeah, that's all right.
Speaker C: I could handle that. I can handle that. Well, you know what? That just means we're due. That's what all I'm hearing, brother.
Speaker B: No, no, like, pack it in. Like, pack it in. Just save what you got. Go back to whatever the fuck you were doing before. It ain't happening for us this time. It's just not.
Speaker C: I honestly don't even remember what I was doing before. So it's maybe just a new. I gotta do something new. Maybe I'll like onlyfans or something.
Speaker B: Hey, look, you texted me yesterday.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: And basically to, like, get back on our old bullshit.
Speaker C: Yeah, we gotta get some bullshit going, I think.
Speaker B: And I'm in. Your text message read, let's see. Let's see. Exactly. Because I like these. Um. What am I going to. Where am I looking?
Speaker C: I think I texted you.
Speaker B: Yes, that's it. That's right. You said, uh, at 08:46 a.m. yesterday.
Speaker C: Wow. So early. That's how much I'm stressing.
Speaker B: Yeah, dude, I feel you. I didn't know you were 06:00 a.m. i didn't know you were feeling this way like I am. But, uh. Yeah, you said I. You said you want to work on additional revenue streams with me. Question mark.
Speaker C: All that meant was combo onlyfans.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, right. That's exactly. That's exactly what. Of course that means. Group feet picks.
Speaker C: Yeah, exactly. 2019 toes.
Speaker B: 19 toes. I mean, look, we could go AI generated feet pics.
Speaker C: That's maybe in some creamed corn or something. Maybe some. Maybe some pulled pork, extra barbecue sauce.
Speaker B: These are all. This is all great content, you know?
Speaker C: So we have. We have a special guest.
Speaker B: We've, like, wow, we have, like, lots of requests. I guess either people are also depressed with us or they want to make.
Speaker C: Us feel better or likely not.
Speaker B: They probably laugh. Probably get a dunk on us.
Speaker C: Oh, I thought you guys been around.
Speaker D: Crypto for, like, six years.
Speaker B: Yeah, like, look, surviving six years in crypto is a feat and of itself, surviving six years in crypto and not being rich, now, that's a real skill. Surviving six years in crypto, not being rich, being depressed, having mental illness, now, that's where it's really at.
Speaker C: I think that's the. That's our niche.
Speaker B: That's. You have found the podcast for you. If you are looking, if you fit a. Any or all of these boxes, you have found the podcast for you.
Speaker C: So, yeah, we have, uh.
Speaker B: I don't know, you got a bunch of requests down there. Who do you. You're the arbiter here.
Speaker C: Let's go divide first. Uh, this is.
Speaker B: I don't think we've actually let anybody up yet.
Speaker C: No, uh, pain. You want to let divide up first? We got Brandon up, too. We're going to talk. Brendan's got some interesting stuff to talk about, so we'll talk to divide quickly, and then I want to have a little bit of a longer discussion with Brennan. Divide. How are you doing this fine afternoon?
Speaker D: Oh, amazing. I mean, yeah, except for all of the above that you. That you just mentioned.
Speaker C: Are you feeling. Are you in, are you coming to our pity party? Is that what you're saying?
Speaker D: Well, I mean, I'm always part of the pity party, but I just. I just wanted to share my excitement about GameStop. I've been holding that stock for a really long time and I am excited that it moved, but depressed that I'm not going to be able to sell it ever. So, I mean, that's just.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's. It's kind of like an NFT, right? Like, you can't. You. If you really want the max benefit of it, you. You now, you can't sell. You're here for life. You know what I mean? Because especially, especially now that, you know, once every three years, it's just gonna mega rip face. You can't. You don't know when. You don't know when the lean forward meme is going to come from roaring Kitty. You just don't ever know. So you've got to be a holder now, right?
Speaker D: Yeah, I've just kind of just accepted my fate and I'm just going to be a holder and I'm never going to see any profit on this. I'm just going to keep. Keep that share out of the hands of the shorters. That's my goal. It's my job. That's all I'm ever going to do.
Speaker B: It's. It's your duty as an ape. Not. Not a board ape. A Gme ape.
Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker D: The OG ape. Yep.
Speaker A: Similarly illiquid, though.
Speaker B: That's. That's right. It's also the same as if you're holding an ape, you can never take the profit because you need it. You need the flex. You know what I mean? So that's. That's how it goes. So you're divide. You are an ape in all of the senses of the word.
Speaker D: That's correct. I'm here to join the pity party.
Speaker C: I love it. Ape together, strong. That's all I'm saying.
Speaker B: That's right. Ape, follow ape. Ape together, strong. What? All of those things.
Speaker C: And speaking of, by the way, I just finished the Planet of the Apes trilogy, like the newer one, in preparation to go see the fourth film at the theaters this weekend. And I gotta tell you, fantastic set of movies. If you have not watched the newer Planet of the Apes movies, phenomenal. All three that are available on, I think, on like Disney plus right now. Fantastic. I would also recommend probably going to see the movie afterwards.
Speaker A: Did they outshine Charlton Heston?
Speaker C: I think I only watched the first of the ogs. But yes, I would say, yes, they are better than the Charlton Heston movies.
Speaker A: I mean, I heard rumors that the effects were better, but slightly.
Speaker C: Slightly better. I would say equally as impressive for the time, I think in 1968 or whenever they came out. I think that was amazing. You know, amazing special effects for the time, I would say equally as amazing for the.
Speaker B: Want to go back to divide for a minute?
Speaker C: Of course.
Speaker B: Divide. Tell us your. Tell us your original, like, gme story.
Speaker D: Oh, man, that's like, that's way back in pandemic times. I don't know. I was like, into Wall street bets and all the stock. Stocking and stocks. And it was well before nfts. It was before all that. And I was just really interested in the story. It was awesome. Like, these bozos identified GameStop as something that might go out of business and they shorted the crap out of it to try to make it so. And like, if you buy all the stock, there isn't any left to get back. So it just made so much sense. It really connected. So I bought some and then I bought more and, well, anyway, I've never sold any, so that shows what kind of. What kind of.
Speaker B: So you did the. You did the full. Have you seen the movie dumb money?
Speaker D: I actually have not. But the meaning to. I don't know how close it is.
Speaker B: To my experience, but, well, it's. It tells the story of, first of all, dumb money. The screenplay was written by our close personal friend, Ben Mesrick. And I got to go.
Speaker C: Am I going to get royalties from that movie, the new movie that's coming out? I need another stream of income.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, I'll hit him up. About your streams of income. The. I wasn't going to say. So I got to go to the premiere of that movie in Boston. That was really fun. But they. And they actually had some of the, like, people that were. The characters were based off of there at the premiere. And there's this one character in the movie, and she's the. She's the nurse, and she, like, you divide, held all the way up, all the way down. And now I am hoping to God she is now, you know, re experiencing all of this stuff because she, like, you know how at the end of true story movies, it kind of tells you what happens to each person in a little. In a little, you know, text on the white or the white text on the black screen. And it's like roaring kitty logged off of the Internet and hasn't been seen since. And then it was like this poor nurse held her bags to zero, and she's just sitting there in the audience. Oh, my God. I felt so bad for the woman because everybody got somebody tell her.
Speaker A: Why don't we tell her? Tell her to sell covered calls. Sell cover calls. You will get your bases out.
Speaker B: Everybody. Everybody in the theater was like, oh, my God, this poor lady. And she was very nice, of course, but too funny. So, yes, that's. That's like, your experience. Divide. And before we.
Speaker D: And just sitting there and, like, years, like a couple years later, and you're just looking at your stock portfolio and you're like, I should really mix this. I should, like, I should rediversify. Like, this thing's down bad. Like, it's just sitting at, like, $9 and it has been forever, and it's just like, well, I guess I could. I guess I could sell a bunch and, you know, buy something more meaningful. And then I'm like, I'm not selling this stuff.
Speaker B: What the hell?
Speaker D: So here we are again.
Speaker B: Incredible. The. Yeah, it's just kind of wild. So when did you initially buy it? Like, what price did you get in the beginning? Yeah.
Speaker D: So I've just. On the. On the. Just as it, like, clipped up there.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker D: But not fast enough. I'm just not. I'm just not there for that, like, no, no. Cashing out at the pinpoint top. So I kind of wrote it down, and then I'm like, well, this is a strong enough story, so.
Speaker B: Well, as in, like, are you in profit where it sits today, or were you like, a late ape?
Speaker D: No, I'm up. I'm up right now. I'm up today.
Speaker B: Okay, good, good. Okay. But I also, before we move on to Brendan, I wanted to point out the tweet from outer lumen up top, which is just a fantastic all around tweet, both from the visual and just the personal news. Outer lumen dressed up as the quantum cat at NFT NYC, the quantum Cats party. And she said winning the quantum cat costume costume contest came with terms and conditions. Not only was she required to take a wizard shower, which I have not experienced a wizard shower personally, it's gonna.
Speaker C: Be part of our Onlyfans package.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. And you, you only get it if you're. If you're holding magic Internet cat. That is your, uh, that's your token gate. You only get to watch the wizard shower screen streams, uh, if you hold magic Internet cat. Or maybe, you know, maybe quantum cats. Who knows? Maybe there's a partnership on the. The horizon. But she said she was informed that she has to join the Taproot Wizards team. So I guess I'm officially working with the wizards in making bitcoin magical again. Jim. Yow. So, congratulations to outer on both her first wizard. Well, sorry, I shouldn't assume what I assume is her first wizard shower, as well as the new gig with. With Taproot wizards team.
Speaker E: It's my 12th wizard shower.
Speaker B: See, this is why I corrected myself. I. It was. It was crazy of me to assume this was your first wizard shower.
Speaker E: Yeah, no, I'm just kidding. That was my first wizard shower, and it was.
Speaker B: I'll.
Speaker E: I'll release the video at some point. There is definitely a video that you can.
Speaker B: Only you. You release the video if you let chamber do the Udo audio song overdose. Top of it.
Speaker C: Oh, my God.
Speaker E: Yeah, I turned the water on. So. So behind me is my son in the cat costume, because someone, someone had to, like, prop that thing up, and I nominated him.
Speaker B: I was kind of wondering how it was standing on its own, and then I was like, well, maybe it's just really dirty. And it did need a cat shower or a wizard shower, you know?
Speaker E: No, no, my son's in there, and then me. And then divides course filming, and there was a family affair to pull this thing off. But what was funny is I turned the shower on. And, like, I'm bracing myself for, like, some seriously cold water here, but I'm also like, wait, it's my shower in my bathroom. And if I just let it go long enough, it'll be warm water.
Speaker B: But.
Speaker E: But it was. It was still cold.
Speaker D: It's like that tension between how long you want to, like, talk about it versus turning the shower on, but, you know, it's getting warmer and warmer the longer you stall.
Speaker B: Yes, totally. That's so funny. Oh, my God. Well, congratulations, outer. It's fantastic imagery, for sure. And congrats on the new gig chamber. Where do we want to go next?
Speaker C: So, in our. Do you want to do a. Before we transition over, do you want to do, uh, Mike minute?
Speaker B: Sure. I mean, I assume only if you have the drop ready. Otherwise, no, it's the mic minute. Meow. Talk about magic Internet cats. It's time for your magic Internet cat minute. Ah, this has been your magic Internet cat minute. Yeah. Well, I mean, look, we've had quite the week in magic Internet cat. We've gone up and come down and.
Speaker C: Was there any tomfoolery happening?
Speaker B: Oh, so much tomfoolery. Only tomfoolery.
Speaker A: There's a ton of ballyhoo as well.
Speaker B: Oh, my God. Tomfoolery, ballyhoo. Just fucking shenanigans, antics, all of it. That's. That's how we've gotten to this point. So we were sitting real nice and pretty the last time we talked, and. Which was a week ago today. Right. We were sitting at some. Somewhere in the 400k range. And, you know, with these types of projects, you need to try to create some partnerships, and it's very hard to do as a community takeover because it means that you kind of have to use the supply that you've collected, and that requires you to trust certain individuals, and those individuals are sometimes bad actors. So these giant red candles that you see on our chart here are the results of said actors doing bad and not living up to their promises and instead market dumping their entire supply. So that's where you see on the chart, community rallied. When was it? Friday, Saturday, Sunday? Nightish. And we're just kind of chilling back where we started last week on what's today? The. Basically at the beginning of the month, May 1, we're back to where we were. So that's the mic minute. So we've had more just tomfoolery, ballyhoo antics. Community takeovers. Yeah, community takeovers are hard, Mandy. This is. This is hard.
Speaker C: I'll tell you, I've been in a lot of shitcoins, and I've seen a lot of stuff. The telegram for magic Internet cat is very positive, and a ton of people are still in there. Usually when that type of stuff happens, it just kind of peters off, and there's really nobody talking anymore. It is all hands on deck. There's lots of stuff happening. So I'm still very confident. It's. I mean, nothing's really happened in the market. Obviously, the market cap of magic Internet cat has. Has moved up and down some, but the overall crypto market has been in a downward trend. Anyways, over the past two months.
Speaker B: We just got our grind on, baby.
Speaker C: Absolutely. I'm still very confident in this.
Speaker B: We're just vibing in meme, and we got our game.
Speaker C: We got our little.
Speaker B: We got our little game coming out this week, probably, which is pretty cool.
Speaker A: And it's called addiction.
Speaker B: Yeah. That Brendan has actually built for us, which is nice.
Speaker C: That's exciting. Well, it's funny. That's why I want to have Brendan up, because in that wonderful telegram I was talking about, he had requested to come up and talk to us about. We obviously can talk about the game, but he participated pretty heavily in GameStop in that first run up that divide was alluding to, and he had some pretty interesting insights from what I saw. So, Brennan, how are you?
Speaker A: Howdy. I'm doing magically fantastic. I have a bruised. Four bruised knuckles on my right hand, for obvious reasons. I think we don't need to ask.
Speaker B: If you would rather birth to a dump truck than sell your magic Internet cat. Is that what you're.
Speaker A: Well, they were. They were looking for me to go on the record about any of. I was like, I don't know. Like, I thought I told you to go, you know, take a long walk of a short pier. I don't know what you're talking about. People sold magic Internet cat. Get out of here. Get out of town.
Speaker C: Unbelievable.
Speaker A: So I need to. I need to bottle that news up, make sure that the community didn't panic sell. So I did my part, but. But yet, look, a lot of people. Some people approach things with a pen. I approach it with brass knuckles. And we all. We all have our role to play. It's honest work. Well, anyway, I love it. But the point is. Yeah, no, I was. That was. I mean, it was a pretty life changing situation for me. Not because of, like, world changing money, although that was pretty. There was. There was an event on June 2 of that year, the gamma squeeze for AMC was a pretty phenomenal day for me. But, you know, I think, in a lot of ways, roaring kitty is the original lucrative meme. And what it. What stemmed from it is a lot of innovation and a lot of. A lot of new software where there's no way that those. Those people would have ever had the wherewithal or the belief that there's. It was possible to kind of go at your own, you know, without being underneath corporate structure of some sort, et cetera, et cetera. But there's a lot of things that never would have happened. I wouldn't be where I, you know, I wouldn't have started my own company, but at the time, I was. Was running something similar to that midnight crisis. Not as eloquent, for sure, but it was on clubhouse.
Speaker C: Difficult to achieve that.
Speaker A: I mean, look like you guys are like Jason rats, you know?
Speaker B: Yeah, we knew it.
Speaker A: The hats there. But, dude, I'm pro certain hats. Not that. I mean, I've been. First time I got arrested, I was wearing a fedora. So, I mean, like, you know, we're.
Speaker C: A pork butt, a pork pie hat. You know, those.
Speaker B: I tried it.
Speaker A: That was 17.
Speaker C: I feel like Jason Moran.
Speaker A: And it worked out about as well. Well, it might as well be. It doesn't really matter.
Speaker C: I'm not. I think those ones are called pork pie hats. I think that's what that. That style is full round.
Speaker A: They deserve a worse name, I suppose, right? But, yeah, I mean, I wore something that resembled that. I ended up in a Lexington. The custody of a Lexington police officer under the age of 18. Obviously talked my way out of it with the judge later. That was pretty sweet, but, yeah. No, not a fan. But Jason Mraz makes people tongue tied. In one of his songs, he says that. So that's why I brought up. Long story short, I was kind of the co founder of one of the largest financial advice. Not financial advice, I guess, but stocks and crypto and mental health, uh, clubs and on clubhouse, when it wasn't nuts, but when it was, like, the precursor to spaces.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: We had probably 15,000 people in it. Stocks and Prosper ran it every day. It's the first time that I ever was able to, uh, immerse myself in something that gave you power to do something. Now, like, here's my problem with the narrative about, like, it's about taking down the hedges. It's like, yeah, that's part. It's cool because of that. But at the same time, like, the biggest way to say f you to the hedge, the hedge funds is to take home a bigger bag than they do, right?
Speaker C: Absolutely.
Speaker A: Or at least a portion of their bag. And so that's what my goal was. I played options the entire time outside of, like, you know, I had a decent amount of. A decent amount of, like, GME, but AMC was my bread and butter. Like, I loved GME, but the.
Speaker C: So were you more profitable? You were more profitable than AMC? Really? Interesting.
Speaker A: I mean, like 25,000%. On June 2, I saw that it breached 1420 or 1430. I think it was in the afternoon, the Friday or Thursday before I knew that it was a matter of 48 hours of trading before it gamma squeezed from there. And so I loaded up on 20 $1 strike or $20 strike calls that expire the next week. It's like $16 a contract loaded up on them like crazy. And I've been trading it every single day, swing trading every single week. Four, seven, eight months at that .9 months, probably. And I got God knows how many. God knows how many contracts I could guess. I could look it up. But on that day where it actually squozed, I mean, I went from like an amount that was like, oh, that's a respectable number in a little. Your cute little investment account to being like, oh, shit, I can do things here. And like, all of a sudden I felt like I was a God, you know, I could put $5,000 into a contract and immediately pull it back out as 20. I felt that I was. I was, you know. Anyway, that's like kind of a whole different story about options trading and have.
Speaker C: You ever felt addicted to it? Have you felt that way before?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Not for long, but yeah, I forget.
Speaker C: What that feels like.
Speaker B: I don't think I've ever felt that way. Like, holy shit.
Speaker A: I mean, I made like, I mean, like eleven soul the other day and it was gone before I could blink.
Speaker B: In other news, I have a medical procedure coming up totally unrelated to being in crypto that removes my penis from the inside of my body. And it's not from getting kicked in the dick so many times. I swear it's not.
Speaker C: That's okay. I actually have a topic we're going to hit on after this that kind of relates to that a little bit. So we hang on to the dick talk for a little later.
Speaker A: I was going to.
Speaker B: Do we have a drop for that? Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: I feel like it's the same one as the magic mic. Magic Internet cat minute, right? Probably. But hey, so here's a question, though. What were you guys up to at the same time as all this was going on, like, did you guys get into any of it? Because when I talk about this stuff, it's like, I feel like there's a broader retrospective opinion of what happened, and then there's the people who are boots on the ground that actually, you know, we're talking to people who fucking hated everything there was to know about people who were involved in it personally.
Speaker B: So, like, I wasn't involved in it because I was so deep into crypto it. Like, it didn't feel as, like, crazy and world changing to me specifically at that time because I was already in the crypto space. So I'd, like, seen stuff like this happen. I'm like, why the hell do I need to, you know, I think it's ten x a stock when I can go what, you know, do whatever. However, at some point, like, I did jump onto Robin Hood and buy. I was way late for GameStop. So I'm in the same boat where, like, I did for a while, hold some AMC, but I was too late for the GameStop stuff before that happened.
Speaker C: Yeah. Like, I equate it to, like, like, if you're a skydiver, right? Like, are you going to go rock climbing also? Like, maybe you will, but, like, I feel like if you're skydiver, that's what you do. And this was, like, rock climbing. This is like, ah, sounds like fun sounds, you know.
Speaker B: Right? It, like, turned the normie. It, like, tor turned the normies into degens. And we were already over here de Jenning for years.
Speaker C: It's like, you know, we were shooting heroin and you're like, hey, here's some meth. Yeah, you know what? I'm already. I'm already, you know, seven toes deep into heroin right now.
Speaker A: You're only just getting a meth. Oh, you got a long way to go.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: I feel like that's true. That is true. But I think one of. One of the things that was good about it is that, you know, there's normies. And I've always resented the term normie because I feel like, feel like it's exclusive. You know, I don't want. I don't want Joe blow to feel like he's a normie. I want him to feel spectacular.
Speaker B: I want to go back to being a normie.
Speaker C: A sweet, innocent norm.
Speaker B: I would like to put all the toothpaste back in the tube. I would just do, believe it or not, to where I came from.
Speaker A: A straight razor shave. You're back. That's all it takes.
Speaker B: Yeah, I trimmed my beard for the first time in, like ten months yesterday. So I'm on my way. I'm back into. I'm back into Normie transition. I'm going backwards.
Speaker A: Thank God.
Speaker B: Yeah. I'm going to put on a patagonia vest here in a little bit. You know, do.
Speaker C: You must own. You must own a Patagonia vest, right?
Speaker B: I mean, like, ten of them.
Speaker C: You know how many. How many Steve's listening? How many Steve on.
Speaker B: Steve?
Speaker C: Yeah. Is he a Patagonia Vesca?
Speaker B: I don't picture Steve as a big vest guy, so I'm going to go with no, no.
Speaker A: But he owns a lot of them. Get them. Get them for. As gifts for him because they assume I'm a big.
Speaker B: I'm a, I'm a big vest guy. I'm a big vest guy in general. So I. I have a bunch of vests. I'm big vest, big cardigan guy. Yeah.
Speaker C: Do you go, when you wear your vest, is it like, like flannel shirts or, like, checkered shirt underneath? Like a. You know what I mean? Like, yeah, sure.
Speaker B: Depends on the vest, of course.
Speaker C: But, yeah, I only go hoodie, vest.
Speaker B: You know, sometimes I. Well, I was going to say sometimes I do the hoodie and vest. Yeah, that's my hoodie and the vest. And actually, I have a vest with a hood on it. How about that?
Speaker C: Take over the middleman.
Speaker B: Yeah, it is a, like Charlie.
Speaker A: And that's Charlie in the, you know, that boxing episode, the fight club episode of.
Speaker C: Are we. Are we making sunny references?
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: We might have made one.
Speaker C: There you go.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: Great content.
Speaker B: No, it's always good content. We're the only ones that get the always sunny references. And if you get them, you are family. If not, then go get learned. I mean, I don't know what to tell you the honestly.
Speaker C: Hey, everybody, just want to take a quick minute to thank you for listening to this show. If you're interested in joining the conversation, you can follow us on Twitter idmike crisis. We do a live show every Tuesday and Friday at 04:00 p.m. eastern. Please subscribe to the show on Apple, podcast, Spotify, or wherever you're listening to this right now. Let's get back to the show.
Speaker B: All right. Chamber, shall we move on from GME stuff?
Speaker C: Yes. Yeah.
Speaker A: Can I say r1 quick thing before we move on? So here's the thing about. About the whole, like, people are trying to fight back and forth. Like, is this going to be good or bad for, like, you know, meme coins, or, you know, crypto in general. Is this going to make more apes? Basically, it's like, um, I don't think it's counterproductive to it, but I just wanted to say, like, my thoughts on it were, it was the genesis of a lot of, a lot of people getting into that culture, but it wasn't a good culture to base an entire ecosystem's innovation on. And so while we might have more people coming in to be potentially adopted, we have to put forward good shit in order to keep them here. So I think anybody's just like, my bags are gonna pump is being a little short sighted if we don't do something proper in the meantime.
Speaker B: Well, why would they pump like they've, they're gonna go pump their meme stocks? Like, you gotta give them a reason to come here and play meme coins. Like, there's no meme. What's the incentive to, like, why would.
Speaker C: I guess the incentive would be like, the ones we're speaking of right now, like, gme, AMC, like that. Those are your, I don't know how many other options there are, I think, and not that it's a good thing, but the people that are excited about that sort of, you know, that sort of action would come over just to do the same thing at a higher velocity in me.
Speaker B: But it's not like someone's sitting there, taste of it, but it's not like somebody is sitting there saying, yeah, you just bought AMC. You might also like to buy magic Internet cat. Like, there's Amazon referral, like, there's no Amazon. People also bought, I mean, there were.
Speaker A: There, are, there, are there people. There's a lot of overlap. That's the thing that people.
Speaker C: You know, I mean, is that what you want?
Speaker A: Yeah, you know, I mean, I would, in my case, I was that, that person straddling both sides at the, you know, at the time that this all happened and, and, you know, I was in a bunch of crypto pat. Like, it was like, I'm never touching that stuff. I'm just going to add to it my daily, like, brain exercise off of making money out of this and being part of something that's like, not Salesforce because I hated working with Salesforce. And so I think overall, like, you're not going to have the right people doing it by and large, because most people aren't the right people. That's why they're the right people. But I think overall, like, there's definitely an appetite once you get in to something where you're part of it. And you can make money out of it. Like, you see number go up. You're like, how else can I do this? Well, crypto is crazy. I don't know, why don't I just go figure something out about them? I have a weird cousin. I'm going to text him. And then all of a sudden you're in magic Internet cat and you realize, oh, wow, these guys are making a meme community that's built on the substance and real value sustainably.
Speaker B: Whoa.
Speaker C: Hey.
Speaker A: You know, and then the dynamics different when they come in rather than when people got into NFts and got rugged left, right and center.
Speaker C: That's a good point. That's a good point. Yeah.
Speaker B: Just, I mean, in fairness, 99% of your meme coins are also rugged and are much easier to launch and require one piece of art, not 10,000. So I saw, I saw a stat yesterday. I don't know if it's true, but it feels true. 16,000 Solana tokens were being launched a day last week or something, which is just absolutely not.
Speaker C: I have to imagine 40% of them are on pump fun. Maybe more.
Speaker B: I guess that probably does include them, right? Yeah, that would include pumped up fun tokens, which is just a whole different beast as well. But I guess. Yeah, because my thought was like, man, that is an insane amount of tokens. But when you think about pump fun, definitely possible and it's super easy to do. So anyway, just a quick public service announcement here.
Speaker C: Not today, t row. Not today. Just.
Speaker B: It'S funny.
Speaker C: Maybe Friday. Maybe Friday.
Speaker B: That means chamber just a javans. You really are in one of those moods today.
Speaker C: Chamber not even happening today if you.
Speaker B: Won'T even let t row up at the end. You know, I have to double check.
Speaker C: It to make sure it wasn't Tebow because Tebow is a maybe, and it's only a maybe because I get him confused with t row. If you just straight up change.
Speaker A: I thought one was scamming the other, like pretending to be the other.
Speaker B: They're actually just two AI's that talk to each other and then you add in Pat, who's like GPT-2 yeah. Yeah.
Speaker C: So is there anything you want to talk about next, specifically?
Speaker B: Me? Yeah, I'll tell. I want to tell a quick story about tweet up top. And then, so Osf, you all may know, posted a GM tweet 10 hours ago. And it is a very cool piece of art. It is a rendition of Christ on the Sea of Galilee that he did. And there's actually some really cool, interesting lore behind this that I am positive nobody knows. Like, not even. I mean, he didn't put anything in this tweet about it, but this is true insider lore about this piece of OSF artwork. He actually created this piece of art for me back in 2021. We were working on a project with the Boston Globe, and the Boston Globe was going to do their NFT release project based around the Gardener art heist. Are you familiar with the Gardner art heist?
Speaker C: No, I am not.
Speaker B: Gardner Art heist is a very, very famous, I believe to this day, the biggest in terms of value art heist in the world. And they stole. Gosh, was it 14 or 21 very historic pieces of artwork, one of which was Christ on the Sea of Galilee. And so we, myself and Morgane had to source artists in the space to recreate each one of these pieces of work that was stolen. And so OSF was actually going to be part of this project. This is the piece he did. It was never released because the project was never released. So it was really cool to see him tweet this this morning because it is a, you know, two or three year old piece of artwork from him that had never seen the light of day, to my knowledge, which is pretty cool. So there's some. There's some lore there for you that nobody knew, and that is exclusive to this podcast. How about that?
Speaker C: I'm blown away. I love it. This looks wonderful. Big fan of OSF. Also has rect in his Twitter handle, which I'm a fan of as a, you know, chamber wrecked. I wonder if. I wonder if he noticed me. And I wonder if we'll become friends one day. That's. This is. These are the things. And I wonder if maybe he'll make me a piece of art that I could talk about on the show. Just a jealous guy right now, if I'm being 100% honest.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, sorry, I just.
Speaker C: It's not you, it's me. It's me.
Speaker B: Sorry, I was just fat fingering requests all up and down. My bad. So let's go. Let's go first to cap, then we'll go to Doug and then back to Brendan, and then we'll figure out where you want to go from there. Cap. GM.
Speaker F: GMGM. Hey, on the OSF piece, I don't know if you saw, and they may not be related whatsoever. Just pure speculation on my part.
Speaker B: Did we lose cap, or was that me?
Speaker C: I can hear him.
Speaker B: Go ahead, captain. No, you're good.
Speaker F: I don't know if you saw, but Osf also tweeted out today that he's stepping down from fomo hour and not going to be hosting the daily show anymore so he can focus more. One of the reasons why he wants to focus on creating more art. So I don't know if there's any connection whatsoever, any correlation there, but I have a feeling he was probably going back through some of his stuff. Saw this piece, he's like, yeah, I need to do more of this. So you may very well been. And the part of the motivation driving stepping down.
Speaker B: Yeah, I didn't see that. I did see that. They added our now friend of the show, Tyler did it to the fomo hour, which is cool. So congrats to Tyler. I didn't realize it was because Osf was stepping down. So that's super interesting. I love Osf's work. It's pretty cool. It's fun. It's vibrant. It's super cool. So thanks for that piece, cap. I did not know that. So that's kind of fun. I'm going to tell Morgan as well. All right, let's go over to my new best friend, Doug. Doug, how you doing?
Speaker G: Good, how are you?
Speaker B: So just living life.
Speaker C: We'll make this quick.
Speaker G: I want to make you guys feel better about your investments in the past. And it's the opposite story of Brendan here. I had AMC in 2020 in the summer, and my thesis was that, hey, someone's going to buy them like a Netflix or Amazon and make remake the movie experience, right? So I had a couple thousand shares, sold it. I want to say it was a $2 at the time because they had a reverse stock split, I think. So I doubled up on it, thought I was, you know, doing great. So obviously, if I held onto that, I would have been sitting pretty. That's one, two. I split that investment I put into Cardano and to matic, doubled up on both of those. Also sold those, I think. I think Cardano was at maybede $0.05, got out at like $0.20 or 15 ish, maybe. So then I had like, eh, good, nice chunk of change. And then I shorted Tesla for the next four months and lost it all. So, yeah, so that's. That's. That's my. My story of AMC. And also you can see, too, ii Gme and AMC. I sold all of what I had left, which was a lot for my beautiful project. But I would have wish I waited a little bit.
Speaker B: Oh, my goodness. No way. You sold it recently.
Speaker A: Look what the data is.
Speaker G: It's April it's right when I'm like, I moved everything is $0.99. Like, everything catch.
Speaker B: I feel you. I feel good.
Speaker G: I'm so happy I'm still here. But I just had, you know, put.
Speaker C: A little there's on.
Speaker G: So we saw on the other side of the trade, and this time it was me.
Speaker A: Anybody ever needs to make quick cash, just hit a bunch or magic Internet cat for the magic Internet calls on the, on horses.
Speaker B: That's true. I did. Look, everybody's making money in magic Internet cat except me. That's the outfit here. The, was I going to say last week, Saturday was the Kentucky Derby. Not this past one. The one prior was the Kentucky Derby, and everybody was vibing out in the discord or the telegram, and I dropped my top three horse picks for the Kentucky Derby, and Brendan put them all in a trifecta, and that trifecta hit straight out. And everybody made a lot of money that played those horse picks. So that was pretty cool.
Speaker A: Most of it went back into Mike when it fell out. And so I got him down kind of still.
Speaker B: Hey, this is, it's the nature of the beast, my man. So the. But if you played the horses in the magic Internet cat telegram, you were a winner at cap. I think a bunch of your buddies hit on that one and you as well hit on that one, too. I don't know where you got your horse tips from, but maybe we share the same guy. But chamber, where do you want to go for the last couple minutes? There was a bunch of AI stuff in the last two days.
Speaker C: Well, I did, I did some online research over the last 24 hours and I wanted to review it with you and just to get your take on it, because I was, I don't know if I was surprised with the results, but I wanted to discuss the results with you. So about 24 hours ago, I put out a poll on the midmite crisis account, and the question was, and we had a tremendous amount of response. We had 102 votes in this particular one.
Speaker B: That's like the most votes we've had on anything ever.
Speaker C: People, people wanted to talk about this. The question was, how many sexual partners have you had? And the options were zero. One to 1010 to 50, I guess. Eleven to 50 or 50 plus. Do you want to hear the breakdown of this?
Speaker B: So with, before we get to the breakdown, what did you expect the breakdown to be?
Speaker C: I thought, because the reason I was thinking about this, I have reasons to think about this, but I'm older than some people and I don't know people in their twenties right now, like, are they just straight fucking. This is what I want to know. Is it, like, is it going to be like, 50 plus for a lot of these people? And it was more. More of a curiosity. Are people fucking more than they were when I was younger? It turns out. I think it's about what I kind of would have thought. But there was a good amount of 50 plus ers. There was some one. The one to tens were strong, but the big winner was the ten to 50, which I. I mean, it's a huge range. It is. And I think that's the bulk of the range. I think that the one to 50. Right. It makes up roughly. What is that, 80% of the. Yeah, 80%, yeah.
Speaker B: I feel like you need to redo this now. And so you could probably take. So you could take zero out, right, if you redo this.
Speaker C: I like zero, though. Zero.
Speaker A: Zero's got to stay incel. Culture is here.
Speaker B: Well, yeah, but we know now that 7% are zeros, right. What we don't know is how many are eleven to 20, how many are 21 to 30, how many are 30 to 40, etcetera. Right. So, like, that's because you've got 46% in that ten to 50 bucket. We need to narrow this down, is what I'm getting at.
Speaker C: I'm. What my thought was, is there that much of a difference between eleven and 50?
Speaker B: Is there that much of a. Yeah, I mean, probably not, right.
Speaker A: Depends on 40 or.
Speaker C: I guess so. Um, to me, single digits is more interesting than, I'd say, double digits between ten and 50, because I feel like that it's, you know, about average. It's the 50 pluses. That, to me, I am not in that category. For the record, I've been in a long term relationship for, unfortunately not an open one or not a upside down pineapple kind of relationship. Not yet, at least. So the 50 pluses were interesting to me. And I always think about what kind of lifestyle is that? Is that a single person for a long period of time? Is it somebody, you know, out every weekend, just, you know, just. Just picking up digits, you know, left, right and center like this? This is what. This is what keeps me up at night besides, you know, losing copious amounts of money, I think. Who's fucking?
Speaker B: I mean, the lifestyle of a 50 plus ER probably depends on their age.
Speaker C: No, that's. That's what I'm kind of thinking. Right. It's like.
Speaker B: I mean, if you're a 50 year old and you're at 50 plus you could be averaging, you know, one a year, one and a half a year. You know what I mean? Right. That's. It's not. Not crazy.
Speaker C: That's a.
Speaker B: But if you're 25 out of rookie numbers, I would say that.
Speaker C: I would agree. I think that's the weirdest scenario, where it's a 50 plus er who's like 45 years old.
Speaker A: I think that's a relentlessly mediocre.
Speaker B: There's a, there's a, there's a, you know, there's a 50.
Speaker C: What's too young or what's. What's too young to be?
Speaker B: I think more. I think more crazy is the, you know, 25 year old at 50 plus.
Speaker C: No, that's what I'm saying. Yeah. Like, is 25 and having over 50, like, is that too much?
Speaker B: However, I would. I would bet you. I would bet you that majority of the 50 plus ersitive probably had all of that front loaded. Yeah.
Speaker C: You think so?
Speaker B: Well, yeah, I mean, like, you know, you. You are a kid and you're young, and then you get potentially married, and if you're married, that probably stops. Right. So the time curve is. Is heavy, skewed to the front of the age gap. Right. But the, you know, later on in life is probably not when you're getting the majority of your body count.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, no kidding. Or at the very tail end when you get into those retirement homes.
Speaker B: Tail end is. Yeah. Well, the tail end is the name of your new onlyfans, so I think that's probably a good place to shut it down. Let's talk.
Speaker A: It's such a good point, though. That's where you hit a thousand.
Speaker C: That's what. Yes. That's when you go. Yes. Triple to four digits is happening in the retirement home.
Speaker A: You also could hit double digits in terms of STD's acquired over the course.
Speaker C: Oh, my goodness. You're probably making new ones.
Speaker A: Oh, my God. Yeah. Where do you think, you know, spanish flu came from?
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. Crack open. Crack open a couple insurers and get weird. Get weird during bingo. You know. That's what I'm talking about. Anyway. All right, we'll save the AI stuff for. For Friday. How about that?
Speaker C: Sounds good.
Speaker B: All right, well, anything else before you leave?
Speaker C: Um, no, I. If anybody can tell me how to make some money, that would be terrific.
Speaker B: Um, I surely fucking can't. I definitely cannot. I have lost so much money.
Speaker A: I got hit up by a prince from Nigeria today.
Speaker B: I have.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker A: He's got a way.
Speaker C: Well, take a.
Speaker A: Send him out. We need to send him everything first.
Speaker C: Like, okay. I mean, that seems reasonable.
Speaker B: I mean, I'm. I basically have already done that with my magic Internet cat supply. I'm getting fucking nigerian prince left and.
Speaker A: Right, so you're bumming me out, brother. Come on, we got this. We got a game coming out. It's going to be lit as hell. It's literally the most addicting game ever.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, that's great, but when you get robbed for $10,000 in tokens by shitty kols, it hurts. I don't know what to tell you. I don't like it hurts.
Speaker D: Maybe we can use a media company to make some money.
Speaker C: If only.
Speaker A: What does that mean?
Speaker B: I'm not aware of any of those. Anyway, that's going to do it for us. My wife needs help with the kids, and that's going to do it. So until next time, keep the mic hot.
Speaker A: What have I done?
Speaker B: What have I become? I can't describe this. This is my mid mic crisis.
