Speaker A: What have I done? What have I become? I can't describe this. This is my mid mic crisis.
Speaker B: Hello and welcome to the mid mic crisis. I am bunch you alongside my esteemed colleague and co host. Chamber. And chamber. We're back.
Speaker C: Unbelievable. Back in 1080p, buddy. It feels like fork.
Speaker B: That's too many P's.
Speaker C: That is 10. 79.
Speaker B: 79. Too many P's. Well, look, since we've. Since we've last done video, I've gotten less fat. You've gotten less fat. So, you know, there's like a.
Speaker C: There's like a 13 year old kid missing from the two of us, I think.
Speaker B: Not my 13 year old kid.
Speaker C: I mean, between the two of us. Oh, you mean the weight of a 13 year old? Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. Well, I am. I'm excited to be back in the video format. What do you think?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think this is gonna be great. I think. I think we'll be able. You know, the audio can only take you so far. When you look like us, when you look like you need that next level of 100%.
Speaker B: I mean, look, you've always been the looks of this show, so we've been holding you back for too long.
Speaker C: I. You know what? It's good to be seen. It's nice to see you. I love it. I think this is gonna be great.
Speaker B: Here's the thing. We, with this format, it will force us to actually have some structure to this show, I think.
Speaker C: I don't like that one bit. But, you know, I agree.
Speaker B: I disagree. I think you've been yearning for the structure for quite some time.
Speaker C: Just like a shitty kid just needs structure.
Speaker B: Yeah. And I use the Twitter space format as a place where I can just kind of show up, roll up, roll the ball out and do my thing. But if we're going to be doing this once a week, which, by the way, I believe that is the new schedule, once a week on Wednesdays from four to five eastern. Correct.
Speaker C: That is going to be the new skedge.
Speaker B: If we are doing this once a week, you know, we got to put our best foot forward.
Speaker C: I don't disagree. I don't disagree.
Speaker B: And we're going to take this and chop it up into a bunch of different short form content things and throw it out on the Twitter spaces and the tick tocks.
Speaker C: Yeah. Wherever they are. Yeah.
Speaker B: And this really helps us not have to even let some of the nefarious characters that have developed over our time on Twitter spaces up on stage anymore. You know, we get to gatekeep, and I. Look, when we were discussing doing this. The one thing that you said was a requirement was that you had to hit a certain minimum time talking through the hour. And I feel like we've been 45. Yeah, so, exactly. Your talk threshold is 43 minutes. And we just couldn't do that with bringing all those people, the t rows.
Speaker C: Of the world, you know, the t.
Speaker B: Rows, the pats, all of that. We do have.
Speaker C: I just saw t row in the comments.
Speaker B: There he is right there. T row with his big boxes of killer bear cereal out there. And, you know, don't think for a second that we have, you know, forgotten those who have helped us get to this incredible level of success. And who I'm talking about there is our wonderful producer Payne, who actually is here, but backstage. Look at him. There he is. Beautiful face reveal.
Speaker C: We just came up with a killer pain segment, too, by the way, in the. In the pre show meeting we developed. It'll be, it'll be really cooking next Wednesday, but we'll probably have.
Speaker B: Yeah, pain's getting his own segment here, so we're. We're really, you know, we're committing. We've upped his salary to $0.98 an episode, and we've, you know, we're cooking up his own segments. Brings down the visuals of the show. But I'm excited chamber. I mean, tell the folks maybe some of our reasoning why we wanted to go back this way.
Speaker C: I think some of it was. Yeah, I mean, it's. It's. The audio side of it is limiting, I think, the major part of the show, having the video component be able to share, especially when we're talking about AI all the time and we can't fucking show anything totally. You know what I mean? I think that's the main component. We'll be able to show people how we're using the tools we're using, whether it be creating images or videos or audio, be able to show you the sites, how they, you know, how to use them, all that fun stuff. So I think for, for the, for the viewer, I think it's going to be a way better experience.
Speaker B: We're on x two. Look at this. There you go. Chamber. It does show up, and it shows you which platform people are chatting from.
Speaker C: So I wasn't 100% sure we would get the x comments.
Speaker B: Yeah, we didn't the last time we used to do this, so, I mean, gosh, we haven't done this since, uh. Man, when was the last time we were on?
Speaker C: When was the last time we did video?
Speaker B: 2022. We did all of 2023 on spaces.
Speaker C: Wow.
Speaker B: I think that's wild. Welcome, uh, trend drift, my best friend, Doug. Um, you know, this is as close as I'll get to see this is as close as I'll get to see you in person chamber ever. But me and Doug, we're going to plan a mandate here soon, and, uh, that's, that's how we're rolling. So, shall we get into it? What are we talking about today? We've got some AI news, we've got some crazy crypto twitter drama, uh, and we've got dad stuff followed by, I mean, are we doing a 1 minute of pain today or no?
Speaker C: Maybe. We'll see. We'll see how we feel. See how pain feels.
Speaker B: All right, so let's kick it off with, uh, some, some dad talk. And, you know, I'm super excited here for the return of all of your wonderful drops. So let's talk dad stuff.
Speaker A: Dad talk. Dad talk. It's time for some dad talk.
Speaker B: Dad talk. Drop. Hell, yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah. That one's brought to you by daddy that dads across the world.
Speaker B: This segment is sponsored by dads. Do you have a child? Congratulations. You're a dad.
Speaker C: You're a dad. Yeah, I wanted to happy Father's day to you, too. You texted me on Sunday wishing me a happy Father's day, which I always appreciate. You're the one that reaches out on special occasion days, whether it's New Year's or Christmas. You're the guy. And I feel like a piece of shit every time I see that text come through. And you wish me a happy Father's day. And, you know, warm. It warmed my heart. But I knew you had plans on Sunday. I knew there was going to be a bunch of family get together, and I knew there was going to be food served. And the first thing I text you back was, I want to see some. I want to see the full bunches spread. And I meant food. And you didn't disappoint. Yeah, it was the food, the food, the food. But you didn't disappoint. It was another phenomenal spread at Casa.
Speaker B: De Bunchu, cooked by my own father this time. So, dad cooking on Father's day. We had some. What did we have? Filet mignon with some fettuccine Alfredo and some salmon. That was, that's the papa o specialty over there, so.
Speaker C: What a treat.
Speaker B: Yeah, it was fantastic. So what did you do on father's day? Anything good?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, it's all manufactured fun by my wife and kids that I don't want to participate in whatsoever. My daughter's wonderful thing here. What'd you get? Your family loves you.
Speaker B: Yeah. They like me a little. It says that I am stronger than the hulk, cooler than batmandheendeze, quicker than Spider man, funnier than deadpool. Questionable. Smarter than iron Man. I guess.
Speaker C: I guess so.
Speaker B: Faster than the flash, braver than Superman, and tougher than Wolverine and Lego guys.
Speaker C: I freaking love that. Like, that is nice. No, my kids drew me some, you know, some father's day cards. They got me an album that I was. I was wanting to get. So that was. That was very nice. But they wanted to go fishing. That was their big. Oh, my youngest daughter's like, I want to catch a fish today. I'm like, well, let's go catch some fish. I don't know if you know this. In the many years that we've been doing this, I don't know if you know how good of an angler I am.
Speaker B: Oh, my God. You got your days, my friend.
Speaker C: I'm, like, a pretty confident angler.
Speaker B: What is it that you can't do? You are a.
Speaker C: Some people say nothing. Some people say no.
Speaker B: You're a good golfer. You're basically a priest, more or less.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. You can. You can play some music. You.
Speaker C: I can do a lot of things.
Speaker B: You can score 20 in a. In an NBA game. Is that easily.
Speaker C: I mean, wide open. Wide open. Not unguarded, but wide open. Release time. I'll be all right, but, yeah, no, it was. It was good. So, my six year old, my oldest, caught her first fish last year, and my youngest, it was priority one that she wanted to catch fish. They ended up catching three fish each on the weekend. We were reeling in catfish and bass, and we were having a good time.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker C: Yeah. So it was fun. It was fun. That's much fun. As I. I mean, the perfect Father's Day is just, you know, not being bothered at all.
Speaker B: Yeah, we kind of. We just had a day at my parents house. I did catch a little, like, 40 minutes dad nap as I watched the final round of the US Open, which was electric. It was.
Speaker C: I did catch it. Yes.
Speaker B: Poor Rory McElroy. Still, buddy.
Speaker C: I saw too many fun memes after that.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: They were relentless on Rory. But, yeah, no, it's good. Yeah. Good, good. Father's Day. It's never as good as Mother's Day. I feel like Mother's Day is just the hot ticket, and we're like.
Speaker B: So we've got this segment called dad talk now, because we are in our midlife crises, you and I. And the title of the show is now mid mic crisis. And so what are the things that are in our lifestyle that we can talk about? And our children is one of them. And the trials and tribulations of parenting. Yeah, they're unique set of circumstances. And when we're throwing out ideas for this segment this morning, you were like, what are we talking about today? And I just put in for my segment of dad talk bunches. Kids, a cop. Did you catch that? And that's what we're saying.
Speaker C: No, I didn't see that.
Speaker B: Okay, so. Okay, so this is. This is quite the experience I had the other day. So it's two weekends ago, and, you know, we were. We had some guests over for the weekend, I. And we put the children to bed, and then we partook in a little recreational activities on my deck as the kids went to bed. You picking up what I'm putting down?
Speaker C: So far, so good.
Speaker B: Okay. We got the monitor out, and my one. My oldest is, you know, he's a two or three round bedtime. Like, you put him down, he comes back, you know, you got to go up at least one time. And so he starts, you know, crying. And I go up there, and I'm like, what's up, buddy? And he's, you know, doing his whole thing about how he. He, you know, he was sweaty or something. That's what he was at the time. And. And then he goes, hey, what do your hands smell like?
Speaker C: Like. Sorry. Did he. Did he get a whiff of your hands and was curious on what the smell was, or did he have an independent thought to find out what your hand smelled like?
Speaker B: I think it was the ladder.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: All right. No, no, no.
Speaker C: I feel like it's a difference.
Speaker B: I feel like it was the former. It was the former because I'm, like, tucking him into bed.
Speaker C: Right, okay, all right. So he caught. He caught a hand with.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And he's like, what are your hands smelling? And I was like, what do you mean? Nothing. And he's like, let me smell them. And I'm like, no. I was like, no, I'm not gonna let you smell my hands. He goes, come on, let me smell it. He's three, by the way. Now. He's like, I'm in, like, full interrogation now. This is. I am. I am. Back against the wall. He's like, hey, get over here. We. Let me smell them.
Speaker C: Give it a little sniffy.
Speaker B: And I was like, no. And he goes, what? He's like, why your hands smell. And I was like, oh, you know, I was outside cleaning up because you guys made a big mess out there. I was cleaning it up, and I was in the grass, and he goes, wait, why are you cleaning up right now? I'm in bed. And I was like, kid, I cleaned up because you guys made a huge mess outside, blah, blah, blah, blah. And he goes, give me a kiss. And I'm like, what? And he goes. He goes, give me a kiss. Like, so I kiss him on the cheek, and he goes, kiss me on the lips. And I'm like, you little narc. I go, absolutely not. I'm like, you go to bed. And. And. And I'm, like, putting him back to bed and stuff. I'm like, all right, good night, buddy. I go to the door and he goes, wait a second. Why are you cleaning at night? And he just keeps grilling me for. For, like, five more minutes. And, yeah, so my kid is a cop, and the other day, we have this tradition on weekends where him and I will go to the bagel shop, and we'll go get coffee in the morning. And it's a, like, our little father son thing. And I was told four times in the 20 minutes trip to keep both of my hands on the steering wheel as I was driving. So cop, traffic cop, drug cop, all of these. All of these different law enforcement activities are what my, my three and a half year old is into. So Bunchu's kid is a cop is the dad talk segment of the day.
Speaker C: Bunch, who's kid is a copy? Constable Bunshu. That's. That's fantastic. I love it. That's. That's phenomenal. I mean, the only dad talk I have today, my youngest daughter has finished kindergarten. So we went to, like, a, you know, kindergarten play just before the show here, and I pulled my other daughter out of school early, so I kind of go do that while my wife's doing stuff with, with my youngest daughter. And so my oldest daughter comes, I said, oh, like, what were, you know, there was half an hour left. I said, what were you doing? You know, what did I take you out of? She's like, oh, we were learning about puberty. And I'm like, great. Wow. 1 second here, I guess we're gonna have to do, because I'm kind of a stickler when it comes to homework. We do lots of additional homework at the house.
Speaker B: Oh, really? I would not have pegged you as that. Actually, I'm the worst.
Speaker C: She hates.
Speaker B: Really?
Speaker C: Yeah. I'm a real. I'm a real narc when it comes to homework.
Speaker B: So you and my son would get along.
Speaker C: So, yeah, after the show, I said we're gonna have to do an hour of puberty talk with dad.
Speaker B: Oh, my God. After today's show?
Speaker C: Yeah, after today's show.
Speaker B: Jesus. All right, so wait, let's. Let's.
Speaker C: We're going horseback riding and then it's puberty talk after that.
Speaker B: Okay, so you've got, uh, you've got quite the agenda ahead of you after today's show. So today's show, you're going horseback riding. Uh, how old is your daughter?
Speaker C: Uh, it's soon to be eleven.
Speaker B: Okay, so we're. Do you have. Do you have a formal agenda? Have you set a calendar invite?
Speaker C: Where. It's so funny you say that. I just set up her calendar for invites, um, so I can send her things, you know, things that. That pertain to her in her calendar, like show days and stuff like that. So she's. She is now familiar on how to use calendar invites and how to accept them and whatnot.
Speaker B: One moment.
Speaker C: Yeah. All right, we gotta check.
Speaker B: Yeah, we're gonna. We're gonna formalize this agenda for you and.
Speaker C: Can we pull it up? Can we pull it off? This is what.
Speaker B: Yeah, we sure can. This is why we. This is why we're gonna do this. Yeah. Let's see here. How can I pull this up? Present.
Speaker C: It's going to be interesting. I've been excited to come back to the.
Speaker B: Here you go. Show me an agenda for me to have a puberty talk with my eleven year old daughter. So here you go. It's starting it off really nicely. Introduction and a warm. A greeting with a warm and open tone. How's that?
Speaker C: A warm and open tone. I like that. Yeah. I feel like that's where I usually come from.
Speaker B: Purpose of the talk? Explain why you're having this conversation, which is to provide information, answer questions, and ensure she feels supported. We good with that?
Speaker C: Yeah, we want to make sure she's.
Speaker B: Supported 100%, uh, definition and normalcy. Okay, that sounds good.
Speaker C: Oh, normal. You want to normalize it? It's not a big deal. No, we're not. It's. But we're talking feet. We're talking arms. It's. It's all the same.
Speaker B: Yeah, feet and arms, right?
Speaker C: Yeah, it's all the same. It's all body parts.
Speaker B: Yeah. Physical changes, growth spurts, development, skin changes, acne and increased oiliness. Sorry to tell you that never goes away.
Speaker C: Sorry. Sorry. Skin changes, acne and increased oily.
Speaker B: Yes, Jack. GBT is very concerned about your oil levels.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker B: Yes. Then we've got. Then we've got, you know, the female related stuff, emotional changes, mood swings, body image, self esteem, hygiene and self care, healthy lifestyle, privacy and boundaries, and then questions and open dialogue. Then it giving her resources a closing, which is reassurance and availability, and then a follow up. So then you just set a new calendar invite after that.
Speaker C: I like it. I think that.
Speaker B: What do you think?
Speaker C: I love it.
Speaker B: Chacha Bt undefeated, you've now coached chamber through not only his soccer youth soccer coaching career, but now professional puberty motivational speaker two.
Speaker C: I like it. I think that segments that. That is a perfect segment or perfect segue to the next segment in our day today.
Speaker B: Oh, it is, actually.
Speaker C: Yeah. Let's do a little artificial unintelligence.
Speaker A: Feeling dumb? Want some fun? Time for some artificial unintelligence.
Speaker B: I mean, God, so good. So this is also created. That was created with AI, correct?
Speaker C: It was. It was created with AI.
Speaker B: Which. Which tool? Suno or Udo?
Speaker C: I'm using Udo most of the time for that one.
Speaker B: Have you, have you been dabbling in both or.
Speaker C: Obviously mostly just you. Do I have. I've. I've only just used for the most part.
Speaker B: Have you experimented at all with the new features in which you can upload your own audio?
Speaker C: No, I have not.
Speaker B: That sounds good. Both Udo and Suno have a similar feature that now allows you to upload your own audio to attract, to create new and different experiences. So I would recommend trying it. Probably are going to fall in love with it, as you always do. Let's get into this topic here. This was going to be. This is based on a tweet that I had pain you could pull up. The tweet is fine. This is perfect. So this is an article that I read the other day, just scrolling through my normal AI news, and this is something I found super interesting. I had been talking about this specific topic a while back. I did not think we would see something like this so soon in the generative AI lifecycle, but the tweet I put out the other day. Tired of Trump and Biden, but would you vote for aih AI Steve? AI Steve is running for UK parliament as platform that he's running on includes data driven governance, enhanced transparency and increased government efficiencies. And it engages with constituents via chatbot and reflects community preferences in its policies. Chamber. What are your first reactions when you hear this? This was actually. I mean, and just so you know, this is like a real thing that is happening. This is courtesy of NBC news.com tech in the tech sector. So the full article will put here in the show notes, but it comes from NBC news.com chamber. Thoughts?
Speaker C: Since really delving into AI, this has been probably my most intriguing aspect of it is governance or government. And because, you know, you see what we're dealing, whether you're in America or in Canada or wherever you are in the world, all these politicians, for the most part, are absolute dog shit. And I don't know, it just makes a lot of sense if we're programming the AI, you know, with this, with certain parameters, obviously, there's levels to this. So you have to build in parameters for the AI to function. But if the end. If at the end of the day, the function is to create a government that satisfies the greatest population of your country or, you know, the greatest amount of people in your country, I mean, it makes the most sense. Zero.
Speaker B: I can't. I can't put that one up there. You can't do it.
Speaker C: Zero doing zero things.
Speaker B: Yeah. So just a little more here. So, AI Steve is represented by Sussex businessman Steve Endicott. So AI Steve will appear on the. Sorry. Steve Endicott is actually what will appear on the ballot alongside. Oh, no, I misspoke. It actually will be AI Steve on the ballot. And he's quoted here saying, AI Steve is the AI co pilot. He said in an interview, I'm the real politician going into parliament, but I'm controlled by my AI co pilot. So that's interesting. So it's not just like this full on, you know, robot or botanical. Endicott, who is the chairman of Neural Voice, a company that creates personalized voice assistants for business in the form of AI avatars. Neural voices. Technology is behind AI Steve, one of the seven characters the company created to showcase its technology. He said that the idea is to use AI to create a politician who is always around to talk with constituents and who could take their views into consideration. This is super interesting. Like, the 24/7 nature of it in terms of, like, you almost think of it as, you know, speaking with a customer service agent, right. Is really interesting because for a lot of reasons, it can actually almost serve as a political customer service agent. You know what I mean? Like, if. If you are upset about, I don't know, ice cream and ice cream machine, vending machines in the schools, right. You could go on and talk to AI Steve and tell them, you know, WTF? What I think is really interesting about that is that data can be collected and measured and segmented to give you a really interesting platform to run on, or at least a pulse of the people that you are representing, which is obviously what the point of this is in terms of what he's saying. The benefit of this would be. What are your thoughts on that? Right. Because you're basically just collecting mass amounts of data that are from the end user, the person you're trying to represent, because you're not always there to talk or speak or listen to them. You're running on a platform that you think is representative. This can actually give you real data, real voice of the people's stuff. Obviously, you weed out whatever the nonsense is, but you can get real insights from this. What are your thoughts?
Speaker C: Yeah, again, I just think it. It would help speak for a greater segments of the, you know, whatever country or whatever political arena, whether it's municipal, you know, state government or federal government. Like, I just. I really do think it just has more of the, you know, the. The population in its sights when we do it this way. So I love it. I'm a big. I like the, you know, like you said, data driven governance. I think that is where most governments are lacking right now. So it's very old school. Right? Like, it's a, you know, it's very topic driven right now. Like, at least in Canada, you know, and, I mean, it's the same thing in the states. Like, they pick two or three topics or two or three hot, you know, hot takes they have, and both sides go to fight, or, you know, however many sides there are battle on those two or three different things where when you're using, you know, data driven governance, it's. It's really taking more issues, uh, and issues honestly that aren't sexy, you know, I mean, or that aren't, um, provoking, you know what I'm saying? And those are really the things that most people need, is the boring government.
Speaker B: Totally. You know, what's actually interesting, too, is it's actually probably an edge on your opponents, right. Because you're actually able to almost hyper personalize issues for people based on what you're saying that they really care about. And you're able to draw this Venn diagram of what most people's real concerns are. So how it works, people can ask AI Steve questions or share their opinions on his policy on its website, during which a large language model will give answers in voice and text based on a database of information about his party's politics. If he doesn't have a policy for a particular issue raised, the AI will conduct some Internet research before engaging the voter and pushing them to suggest a policy. AI Steve, which is open to the public to try, told NBC News, in response to a question about its stance on Brexit as a democracy, the UK voted to leave and it's my responsibility to implement and optimize this decision, regardless of my personal views on the matter. That's kind of a weak one, AI pickling, but it is. You know, this part is interesting. He said he's also seeking thousands of whom he calls validators, and we've heard that term before, or people he is targeting because he believes they represent the common man, in particular Brighton locals who have a long daily commute. Right. So. And he says we're asking them once a week to score our policies from one to ten. If a policy gets more than 50%, it gets passed. And that's the official party policy, he said, adding every single policy, I will say that is my decision, is my voters decision. So again, that's kind of how he's getting this, this real time feedback and weighing importance of certain things from these people. Super fascinating. The question is, would so you would then vote for.
Speaker C: Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Like, without a doubt. Like, I'm sure I'm not the only one. Again, I'm in a different country than you are, but I have to imagine it's probably pretty similar where you're at a point where you're looking at your options politically. And it's just like, this is absolutely terrible. Like, it's just terrible choices. And if you're giving me this option, like 100%, I'm going this way, like, it's not even no doubt in my mind, like, I want to take the person out of it as much as possible. Because mostly, yeah, super interesting.
Speaker B: I can't wait to see how this develops. I was messing around in the war room after I posted this tweet and asked people if they would vote for AI candidate. Most of them said, no, not yet. Not in a kind of super important role like the president or something, but maybe like local government, do you think? Because I said, there's a chance that we see, you know, some large roles in government in our lifetime that are AI officials? What do you think? Most people I said that to said, no, not in our lifetime, but I'm not so sure. What do you think?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, we're talking lifetime roles. Is that we're saying, using.
Speaker B: Yeah, but I'm saying, do you think we'll have, say, the, say the president of the United States in our lifetime or a role similar, you know, maybe not president, but say AI, maybe later.
Speaker C: In life, late, like late stages of our life, maybe I don't see it happening. I don't see it happening within the first, next, or the next 20 years, but maybe, maybe after that. You want to see test cases. Like, I would like to see a city take on something like this and get some data on how it works. If all of a sudden you take, what's a shitty city in America, what's that one place in Indiana?
Speaker B: French lick.
Speaker C: But, yeah, like, you take it, you take just a terrible, shitty, shitty city and provide them with some AI governance, and over the course of five years, you see impactful changes to what's happening with that city. Now we're starting to build a test case for it where then you can go to that next level, whether it's state government or federal. But you definitely want to start small, see the data, see those benefits that we think are going to be there. You want to actually physically see those things happen. And then it'll be much easier. I think it'll be much easier to bring it on to the greater population. But we're definitely have to start at a municipal level, I would say.
Speaker B: Shout out Larry Bird for french lick, Indiana. Thanks, Tiro. The getting my french lick Indiana jokes. All right, that is, that was our main AI segment. I had two more quick things here that I wanted to see if you had seen yet, both in the generative AI space with the creative stuff. Have you seen the new video models by luma and Runway this week?
Speaker C: I haven't seen it yet. I've heard about it, but I haven't seen it yet. I'm very excited to see this.
Speaker B: So this one that we have here up on the screen is from Runway. So this is their gen three alpha. They've a new frontier for high fidelity, controllable video generation. So, um, Payne, if you want to even scroll down a little, there's a couple of these. So this is a. This is a text to image or, sorry, text to video prompt. So the prompt here. Subtle reflection of a. You moved it on me. Pain. Hold on. Subtle reflection of a woman on the window of a train moving at hyper speed in a japanese city. Uh, that was the result there. Then you've got, uh, this spacesuit, uh, the. The astronaut running like. These are generated videos. Astronaut running through an alley in Rio de Janeiro. Then you've got, uh, flying through a colorful coral line streets of an underwater suburban neighborhood. I mean, chamber. Look at the quality of these. This is, uh, way, way different than Will Smith eating spaghetti, which we had, you know, about twelve to 18 months ago. What say you on the current and ever growing quality of these types of tools?
Speaker C: This is super impressive because the other day I was asking about, like, you know, what the best video options were for AI, and you gave me some good options, but I can't forget this.
Speaker B: Didn'T exist when you asked me that, by the way. This, I'm saying the day after and.
Speaker C: The options that you gave me, I, I kept forgetting that you can only really create, like, three second clips or more or less three second clips. And the, the Runway one, I believe, is, what, 10 seconds?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker C: So, I mean, like, that, that's a huge, that's over triple the amounts of you can create within a week of me asking you the question. You know what I'm saying? Like, that's, that's a crazy.
Speaker B: So, you know, so for just some backstory is like, we saw, I don't know, maybe three months ago now, Sora from OpenAI was teased and that was like, blowing everybody's mind. The quality and the same, like the generation length and all of that. Now, the crazy thing about that was the world, you know, felt like it stopped that day because, yeah, it was crazy. Everybody was talking about Sora this or that, Sora this or that. Now, the curve, you know, you still can't use sora to this day unless you are some secret cabal of folks that have access to it. Now, this, that pain is showing on the screen now. Oh, no. This is the Runway one, but Luma dream machine. So the company is, Luma launched Dream machine just last week as well. And this you're seeing here some of the generations that are coming out of this model. And if you're following anyone on, on x in the general I space, you've probably seen a bunch of examples of this in the past week. The crazy thing of this, this one, you can go from zero to 120 seconds. And, wow. And it's available for the public. You can use this right now chamber, so you can actually go. And I mean, obviously it's like the hot thing on the streets. So it is super congested at the moment. There's a lot of weight on the generation times, but you can use this today and Runway you'll be able to use, I believe, this week. And the cool thing, I mean, Luma the dream machine, I believe, is still free. Even so, you can use this for free right now. And it's impressive, Mandy. It's wild, mind blowing stuff. And I know for a hundred percent true fact that there are Hollywood studios and media companies that make content for television, television channels, Hollywood studios, all that kind of stuff, looking into how to utilize this technology quickly. And I think you'll see a lot of really interesting stuff coming out of not only just like, independent creators, because this puts a lot of really awesome creation and creativity in the hands of, like, independent folks, but you'll also be able to see, I think, things that you were never capable of in movies or tv in the past. It's crazy, though, because, you know, this is probably going to cause the job loss stuff that we've talked about. Like, you will probably see studios trying to utilize this stuff where they can. But on the bright side of this, right? So imagine a documentary that normally, you know, in the way documentaries are shot, you have kind of interviews, voiceovers, etcetera. And then they have usually live recreations, right, of scenes. And you can only do, you can only tell so many stories that way in that format before it becomes like, well, it's impossible to recreate a scene from with dinosaurs, for example, right? But using something like this, you can now create lifelike dinosaur recreation scenes that make all kinds of new storytelling and documentaries, series and things like that possible. So it's going to open a whole new content lane, but it's always going to be that trade off of, like, losing jobs, creating jobs, putting new tools in people's hands all, well, especially like.
Speaker C: In the movie industry, right? Like, you think I'm a big, I'm a big horror movie fan. And, you know, through the sixties, seventies, eighties, and then about halfway through the nineties, there was a lot of practical effects, right? Like there's like legends of like horror movie practical effect, you know, makeup artists, stuff like that, and some of my favorite movies. But, you know, we started to see the first kind of CGI's in the kind of mid, late nineties, and a lot of them were pretty, pretty terrible. You were very aware you were watching a CGI scene or whatever. And I'm, I mean, I don't, Internet wasn't what it is today. There was zero social media. So the pushback from the industry or from other people was not, wasn't as loud as it's going to be or has been with AI. And I think we're, I think we're going to see, I'm already seeing it, like on TikTok. I'm seeing it on Twitter where you're seeing people like, boycotting movies because they used images, like AI generated images on like three scenes where it was just like a, I, one of the best movies I've seen this year, scary movie wise, was late night with the devil. It's on Amazon prime right now if you're, if you like horror movies.
Speaker B: Oh, we got to bring back our recommendations.
Speaker C: I agree. So this, this is a fantastic movie. And it's, so it takes place in like, like late seventies, early eighties, like the, the era of like the late night tv show host. And a couple of times like a couple of, a couple of parts of the movies, they cut to commercial break and you get this like old timey, like commercial break image. And I think there was three of them throughout the whole movie where they cut the commercial break and those were AI generated and like people wanted to boycott this, like indie movie that. I mean, it wasn't like a big studio movie and it was made, I think it was made during the strike or maybe it came out just before the strike. So people were very upset about it and I didn't see the problem with it, obviously. I didn't even know it was AI. And now that you go back and you look at it, you're like, oh, yeah, that was definitely like mid journey. So, you know, somebody made it there. So we'll see.
Speaker B: Zero says no AI can reproduce his wit and candor.
Speaker C: Zero possibly could be an AI.
Speaker B: So we don't know. Chamber, you have been called the Johnny Carson of podcast.
Speaker C: I mean, yeah, yeah, that is true. I'll do, yeah, I mean, I'm, I'm old, but I'm not Johnny. I don't remember watching Johnny Carson old.
Speaker B: No, you are more of a Carson daily than a Johnny Carson.
Speaker C: That is correct. That is correct. But yeah, no, I think we're going to see lots of social media, a lot of white knighting for the, I think that's what it's called for. You know, for where do you stand?
Speaker B: Are you for it or against it?
Speaker C: I'll tell you what, it takes a lot of money to make a movie these days, right? If you're, if you, if you're a filmmaker that I'm for it because it's good, what it's going to do.
Speaker B: It's going to create more filmmakers.
Speaker C: It's going to create more filmmakers. It's going to get like, if you go to the movies right now, it's sequel, sequel, remake, sequel, sequel, remake, remake remains. No, it does.
Speaker B: There's only so many times I can watch, you know, Superman for the Quest for peace.
Speaker C: There's, since I've been alive, there's been seven different Spider Man's.
Speaker B: Like, it loves them all. I have to watch all of them. It's Spider man. Everything in this house, by the way.
Speaker C: So if it's gonna allow. And it just reminds me of, like, when, like, I was listening to a podcast with one of my favorite directors and he was talking about, he's a little. A couple years older than me, but he's like, when, like, digital handheld video cameras came out. Like, it was a game changer. Like, when you could make, like a pretty okay short movie or like, you know, university film with like a $500, a $1000 camera and make it, you know, make it pretty good. It changed the game. Like, that's how we got Blair witch. Like, yeah, some of these, like, yeah.
Speaker B: You'Re gonna have, you're gonna have more filmmakers, and then the other thing is you're gonna get, I think where the future is going is, like, hyper personalized on demand content. Absolutely crazy, right? Like, I mean, imagine the really perverted stuff that'll be all over your Netflix. Like, you're. You're gonna have a really. It's gonna be weird. Speaking of, like, I want to watch Bigfoot meets Midsummer meets Blair witch project meets old school.
Speaker C: I'm telling you, there's a movie like that that it kind, except for the old school part that exists that I've watched. And it's.
Speaker B: Yeah, it stars this. It stars this bear and pig that keep coming across the screen here. Yeah, I mean, super interesting stuff. And then maybe we'll save this for the last minute for producer Payne. But Apple, we skipped last week, but Apple had their WWDC day, their worldwide developer conference, and they announced all the crazy AI stuff that they're going to be putting into the iPhone coming soon. So that's going to be pretty crazy. I don't know if. Did you see all that stuff chamber?
Speaker C: No. No, I did not.
Speaker B: Well, we can either talk about that with pain or we can go into that next time because it's going to be, I mean, the AI stuff is now going to proliferate to billions of people, starting with iOS.
Speaker C: What was it called? What was the Apple one called?
Speaker B: They're calling it Apple intelligence.
Speaker C: That's what it was, Apple intelligence. Were you impressed with it?
Speaker B: I think it's cool that it's going to be. Yes, I am impressed with it in the sense that it's like the beginning of all of this agentized stuff. Your apps are going to be able to take action for you, and everything you do is going to be hyper personalized in there. Um, I'm interested in the way they're doing the modeling, which is like, they're doing a lot of these really small, local, specialized models, like things that can create a emoji based on your text. Right? Like, silly thing, silly things like that. But that's how people are going to, you know, start using this. And then what was crazy is they are actually partnering with OpenAI to embed chatgbt into the software at certain points. Like, and it'll actually prompt you based on what they showed of, like, hey, would you like to use chat GPT for this? Which is really interesting. So. And, you know, I think the emphasis that Apple put on the entire thing was privacy and trust, uh, which is, you know, kind of what Apple's known for. So I think that's kind of the big scary thing for a lot of people when it comes to AI, when you're using it for the first time. And I think people, you know, as a brand, Apple cannot lose trust, right? Like, they can't do this.
Speaker C: Whoever, whoever was doing, I'll tell you what, whoever put out this, like, the latest marketing campaign or whatever we're going to call it, I don't know who the guy was talking. There was a guy showing me some, like, new stuff on, like, what I can do with my text on the latest update and stuff like that. He was souring me on Apple. It was, it was not, I don't know, I just, I'm like, ah. Like, it doesn't have the same wow factor, you know, to. When, you know, what's his name? I don't like the.
Speaker B: For Steve Jobs.
Speaker C: Steve Jobs, like, yeah, it's gotten progressively worse. Like this guy Steve, Stevie AI or whatever.
Speaker B: Now you have AI Steve.
Speaker C: Yeah. So I don't know who the guy was now, but I feel like they've gotten progressively worse. And I felt like he was like getting excited about like text messages, like emojis for text messages. I'm like, this is not what I want, guy.
Speaker B: I. Yes, but. Yeah, I agree with you, but this is how you're going to introduce Billy of people to AI without breaking their brains.
Speaker C: That is true.
Speaker B: That's a good point, you know. Anyway, all right, we got a couple minutes left, but we have to have to touch on this crazy crypto drama that's happening right now, okay?
Speaker C: I don't even know. I didn't know.
Speaker B: You don't even know? Oh, my God.
Speaker C: It's the part of the show where we talk about crypto.
Speaker B: That's right. Go for it hit the last drop.
Speaker A: Talk about crypto. It's the part of the show where we talk about crypto.
Speaker B: That'S like, got a little beach boys.
Speaker C: I love that. I went for, like. Yeah, that's what I was going for. I was going for.
Speaker B: Everybody gone. Surf.
Speaker C: Surf rock. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: There you go. Surf rock. Okay, this is crazy. Have you heard anything about this Donald Trump coin and the pharma, bro, Martin Screlly stuff? Have you heard this?
Speaker C: No. So I knew. I knew there was some, like, Donald Trump said he was putting out, like, his own celebrity coin. I think it was DJT, Donald J. Trump. But then I saw, I saw, like, five other ones. So then that got me confused and worried, and I didn't want to participate. That's all I know.
Speaker B: Okay. So there's a crazy amount of drama that's going on around this. I will try to do my best to recap it. There's a lot of. Of stuff going on. This quote or this tweet from Tyler did it. A friend of the show at Tyler Underscore did underscore. It does a good job of kind of high leveling the story. But then there's more to this, right? So GCR versus screlly, $100 million DJT bet recap. So apparently GCR at Twitter personality and Martin Shkreli had a bet. Shkreli said that the DJT token was real, like, done by their team. And this guy said, no, no chance. And they were going to bet. I think they started at like, a million dollar bet, scrolling, accepts and says, how high can you go in terms of how much would you bet? GCR comes over the top and offers betting up to $100 million. They go back and forth on the terms. Screlly says that Baron or Donald confirmed that they have to confirm the token to be real. Scrolling then goes on spaces saying that the bet was made, and he's waiting on Kobe to wake up for the escrow. And, uh, overall, GCR, uh, said that it was cabal backed and he was approached by in scrably says the wrong token and this one is super real, etc. Etc. And at the time of this tweet, it was sitting at a $200 million market cap. But, uh, wait, there's more. And so then there, uh, there's this crazy Zack xbt tweet that comes out and he said, so this Arkham, Arkham intel tweeted out that effort. We ball $150,000 to the. They put up a bounty to the first person to definitively prove the identity of the creator DJT only on Arkham intel. And Zach XBT comes in immediately and submits, and submits. Right. And so, like, you know, when Zack XBT comes in with something like that, especially. Yeah, he's not messing around. Right. And then apparently immediately after that, Martin Screlley sends him Zach XBT a DM.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: And in the DM, Martin Screlly says, between us, please, and sends him a screenshot from Andrew Tate and Andrew not top GhDev not talking to me in this tweet. Or in this screenshot, he says, baron called me yesterday to buy in, but it was 01:00 a.m. i told my team they woke up 9 hours later. I told Baron to give me the amount of tokens I would have gotten from the buy in at that time and I'll pump it, but I don't think he can. And then screlly assumingly this is who is responding. I know. I think you can just say it's real and this will be whatever that word is. But then scroll. He says to Zack, xbt between us, please. I have over a thousand pieces of evidence. I created it with Baron. So then after Zach, I guess, shares this, Martin Screlli jumps on a Twitter space immediately.
Speaker C: Was this a big one with, with him and top G and like, with.
Speaker B: Kobe and all of that?
Speaker C: Yeah, I remember this one.
Speaker B: Yeah. So this is not one of them.
Speaker C: Have satisfied a woman in their entire life, by the way.
Speaker B: This is crazy. Yeah. So. So this was wild. Um, did you see any of this drama?
Speaker C: Nothing. No, none of it. This is fantastic.
Speaker B: Okay, and then there's this. So this screenshot comes out. And then there's this tweet by, uh, yeah, this one here, there's a tweet by Adam Cochran that talks about what Screlli's parole requirements are. It says, scroll. His three year parole terms require him to give full financial statements and avoid any self employment involving access to client money or investments. So either he's going to jail for fraud or he managed an investment opportunity on behalf Baron and goes to jail for violating terms of his parole. But most importantly, do you think he includes his offshore Kucoin account which funded the coin with on his financial reports to the courts? And then he, like, screenshots all this stuff from the parole. I mean, this is just a wild, wild timeline that we're in. Did you know any of this?
Speaker C: No, I did not know any of this. This is true. It's so funny that like, these, these, like quote unquote alpha males come into the space, and who they're dealing with or who they're participating in the space with are, like, geniuses that would never have anything to do with them, who.
Speaker B: Know how to work a blockchain.
Speaker C: You mean, like. Like. And would love to take all these people down a peg or two? Like, it's like, oh, I'm gonna go swimming in a. A great white shark tank. Like, that's what they're. That's what they're doing. I hear it's rejuvenated.
Speaker B: Dude, what's so crazy about this is, like, they're doing this on transparent open ledgers. Like, imagine what the hell they were doing behind closed rice.
Speaker C: It is crazy. I'm happy to see we didn't get.
Speaker B: To dive into this as, as much detail as there could have been, but I definitely wanted to inform you of this drama.
Speaker C: Well, now that we know, we can, we can monitor and have an update next week, I think. How about that? I'll keep a closer eye on it, too, because this is exciting stuff.
Speaker B: Now, as we wind down the show, it's up to pain if he wants to come up this week, but we will be doing the 1 minute of pain segment, where pain will grade the show and talk about anything we missed or chime in anything he had opinions on as we talked throughout the show. My only question opinion today would have been, would he have voted for. Would he vote for AI candidates? Payne, would you have voted for an AI candidate? You can stay off of video if you want, but I need to know the answer to this. You can also text me.
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't know if he's having issues. You want to bring you up to stage? I don't know if he can or not. See, 1 second.
Speaker B: Is he there?
Speaker D: Am I here?
Speaker B: Yeah, you're there.
Speaker D: Oh, okay. All right. Yeah. For some reason, my screen is blank. I don't know what's going on.
Speaker C: But you're mysterious.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: Producer Payne, ladies and gentlemen.
Speaker C: Thank you.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker D: I wanted to, first of all, give a shout out to Juneteenth, and, you know, the fact that you are making me work it, so I really appreciate that.
Speaker C: For the record. For the record, years ago, I want to say, like, four years ago, I celebrated Juneteenth on the show, and I educated bunch you on what it was. So we have a history of promoting Juneteenth and supporting our brothers and sisters in the community.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker D: Much respect.
Speaker C: I just want to say I agree with what you're saying, but I want to give some history on our show.
Speaker D: You've always been ahead of the curve. You always have. My pain segment for today would be just the fact that nfts are dead, crypto is dead, everything's going to zero. But we're here having fun. I would grade the show, honestly, ten out of ten, fellas, because the whole AI stuff, honestly, super fascinating. Now you've got me kind of geared and I'm like, ooh, maybe I need to. I need to be in the show more talking AI so that I can be. I can be educated, be the next AI guy.
Speaker B: You could be an AI guy and you could be an AI reply guy. You could do all of that stuff.
Speaker D: I would vote for an AI politician. You know, based on the choices we have had recently, why not, you know?
Speaker B: So I'm talking about.
Speaker C: Yeah, agreed.
Speaker B: There you go. I can't wait for more producer pain on the show. I'm glad that we're going to have this segment and ever grateful for you for helping us out in the phenomenal job that you do to keep. I honestly, the show probably wouldn't exist if it wasn't for you. Yeah, easy. The one thing I'm surprised that you didn't bring up is that chambers wearing glasses with. No. With no lenses.
Speaker C: They're in there. They were fogging up earlier. You didn't see.
Speaker D: I think I asked him the same thing. We met. If. If they were legit or if they just. If they were just for looks.
Speaker B: The last thing I can't believe nobody gave me shit for was my mic stand and how I'm holding this.
Speaker C: I thought you were just being cool. I was. I was digging it. I was digging.
Speaker B: It broke. It broke. So this is what I have today.
Speaker C: I love it.
Speaker B: I'm getting a new one and as soon as I do, I'll have it up. But today we're holding this like a cool kid. But that is going to do it for us today. Wow. This is definitely the best show we've had in quite some time chamber. This should already make you bullish on the new format.
Speaker C: Very bullish in spaces. We show up right at the top. Son of a bitch.
Speaker B: That's it. You know, Elon. Elon's pushing video, baby. We gotta get out there.
Speaker C: So. No, this.
Speaker B: Maybe this is inspiration for Steven Cap to do some of their own. There you go.
Speaker C: I would love it. I would love it.
Speaker B: I don't think you're going to see their faces. You'll get the. You'll get the little talking head bubble. But don't forget, if you're the first time listener of this show. We have a bunch of awesome content on DJ Network. Check us out@djen.net. work coffee with Captain every Monday through Friday at 08:00 a.m. eastern on Twitter spaces. Check out Steve at NFT bark putting out some awesome content on the timeline video format. You get to see Steve, Steve's resting mean face out there on the timeline as he was commenting today. He said he always looks mad in his thumbnail and he's such a sweetie. I know, I just thought that was really funny.
Speaker C: But that doesn't knock the drapes.
Speaker B: That's going to do it for us. Chamber. Have fun doing horse stuff. And I can't wait for the update on the puberty talk. Until next time, keep the mic hot.
Speaker A: What have I done? What have I become? I can't describe this. This is my mid mic crisis.
