Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am Bunshu, alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, chamber. Chamber. How you doing, man?
Speaker B: I'm doing pretty good. Little, I don't know, like, does it hit you the same way, like, when you have these, like, we had the. We had the news with Silicon Valley bank leading into the weekend, and then, you know, unlike crypto, legacy markets kind of shut down over the weekend. And then. I don't know. Like, I don't sleep well when I feel like financial collapse is waiting for me Monday morning. Does it affect you the same way?
Speaker A: I sleep like a baby during financial collapse. Like, it's actually one of my preferred sleep modes. If I can turn it on, like, switch, like a light. Financial collapse. Just straight out 8 hours.
Speaker B: You have a financial collapse machine that runs.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's actually. It's kind of like a sound machine. It's just that. Yeah, it's a.
Speaker B: It's just a ticker. Just ticket tape.
Speaker A: Exactly. It's Powell. It's a recording of Powell raising rates and things like that. You know, it's so. Yeah, you just hit the financial collapse button, and it's like white noise. You know, it's a subtle flickering sound like your money's on fire, you know? Ever heard that sound? That's. That's what it's like. Yeah, but, yeah, so. So what? You didn't sleep good over the weekend? Is that what you're telling me?
Speaker B: I feel like it was. I feel like it was at the back of my mind, like I was going to wake up Monday morning, and it's just like. Well, you know, one of my absolute favorite movies is, is I don't know what's fucking called. I can't think of the name. With Steve Carell and Ryan Gosling about the financial collapse of back in the big short. Thank you very much. One of my favorite movies that I can ever remember the name to. So I watched that. I've seen it, I don't know, half a dozen times, maybe a dozen times now. And so it's. Yeah, I just think about, like, the Monday morning wake up call, and it's. Yeah, I don't know. It's definitely in my, you know, in my ether.
Speaker A: Well, it appears. It appears now that, as for now, funds are safu. Yeah, your funds Saffu.
Speaker B: They are. And I mean, I mean, we're seeing. I never know which way crypto is going to go, but it went the right way. We're seeing a 10% jump in the price of bitcoin in the last 24 hours or so, maybe a bit more than that over the past 48. So that's looking good.
Speaker A: Currently sitting at $1,682 Ethereum and 24 380 for bitcoin. Are you surprised by this?
Speaker B: Well, I never know what's going to happen. So, I mean, you got to ask yourself the question, is this due to the. Because you got to think, like, how much? Because the Silicon Valley bank is obviously heavy into kind of where we live. You know what I mean? It's not the exact landscape, but it's definitely parallel landscape, I would say. And you don't know how it's going to. I don't know. You don't know how it's going to shake out.
Speaker A: Yeah. The thing is, like, the narrative was so perfect for this one. Right? Like, this is the thing people wait for when they talk about crypto, specifically bitcoin. Right. This, like, what?
Speaker B: I don't know. What I don't know is did the price go up because the funds were seifu or did the price go up because of the brink of legacy market collapse?
Speaker A: Yeah, it's interesting because, like, I mean, so, like, the USDC to eat thing is interesting. And you could make a case that, like, people were just kind of scared of the USDC at that specific time, so they moved to eth and.
Speaker B: Well, there was. I think there was. I think there was talk that, like 20, over 25% of the cash backing of USDC was in the Silicon Valley bank.
Speaker A: It was 3 billion, I think, of money, which was the dollar amount. But I thought it was only like. I thought that equated to only like 7%.
Speaker B: But I'm only on Twitter. Who knows?
Speaker A: Well, I'm not actually sure, but. So it could have been higher, but I know the number was like 3 billion. So I don't know what percentage that equated to. But, like, bitcoin, it doesn't. Like swapping to USDC. Doesn't make as much sense on bitcoin. Right. Unless it's all people from Coinbase. But then. But Coinbase froze USDC swaps because there's not a really easy way, unless you're on Coinbase, to say, okay, I'm going to take my USDC and turn it into bitcoin. Am I wrong?
Speaker B: Exactly. Yeah. No, not wrong at all.
Speaker A: So that means, you know, for bitcoin to pump like this, people are buying bitcoin as a pavement or hedge. Right? Hedge. So, yeah, it's interesting. So do you think, is this a. I don't even know what to call this, is this a bullish event for crypto? Is it kind of. Are we seeing like a reverse black swan event happen? Is this enough to change the whole narrative for us and get us out of this cycle? What do you think?
Speaker B: I mean, possibly it is. It is one of those events. I mean, we, we've seen them over the years. Um, I think most re. I think the most recent one was the, you know, 2020. I didn't want to say April, March or April. Covid bloodbath. That was a bad one within.
Speaker A: I have so many regrets about that one. Like, I'll never forget the day because it was supposed to be. It was 2020. It was like the week of March Madness. It was black Thursday, so it was like the day or. No, it was weeks before March Madness was supposed to start. And I will never forget that. I was supposed to get my bonus from my job the next day. I was supposed to get it that Friday. And so I was driving home from upstate New York as, like, the world was ending. It felt like I was driving home from Buffalo back to my place in Pennsylvania at the time. And I'm just like, watching this all happen live, like, the crash from like 6000 to 3500 or wherever. And I had no liquidity to buy. Like, none. I had no liquidity. And by the time I got my bonus, literally the next day, we were back to six k reversal. And then I was scared. Right? Cause, like, you don't know what happens there. Like, you don't know if it's gonna just tap that and go back down to 3500. So I actually didn't even get very many buys in for that specific time. I don't remember. Did you?
Speaker B: Um. I honestly don't even remember. It was like a lifetime ago. It feels like, um. I. I don't. If I did, it wasn't much. Like, I don't think it was a. Made any major moves? No big brain plays for me, unfortunately.
Speaker A: Well, well, let's, let's get, let's see who's big brain in our audience here. We have the first poll of the day pinned up top. Did you swap out of USDC this weekend? Yes or no? And while we're pumping the poll, might as well pump those comments as well. Give us a little comment down below. Tell us you're here. What did you do this weekend? Did you sleep like a baby while your money was being lit on fire? Or are you like chamber and we're a little uneasy. Help us share out this space. Really appreciate that. Also, don't forget, after us this evening we have the night shift at 11:00 p.m. episode what? 102 or something. That's crazy good for these guys. So check out night shift tonight as well. Chamber. I mean, there's just so much going on there. But, like, it's not necessarily in the NFT wheelhouse, right? Like, we've got SVB, we've got USDC. What did you do now? Here's the real question. Did you. Did you make a play? And this is gonna sound so fucking dj. Did you make a play on USDC at all or were you in panic?
Speaker B: So. I wasn't. I wasn't in panic. I didn't make a play on USDC. I just knew I was waiting for Monday morning. And I think by. By the time I woke up this morning, the markets had corrected themselves. So I had, you know, nothing to worry about. But no, I don't know. I didn't have a ton of USCc. I have a big position in, like, matic right now that I'm still riding pretty hard.
Speaker A: Well, the reason I ask about the USDC thing, right, is because, you know, it's a stable coin. It's supposed to be pegged.
Speaker B: That's what I use.
Speaker A: So when you get. Right. But so, like, we've seen these. These events before where. Yeah, we've seen, like, tethers, deep pegged and all this.
Speaker B: I feel like tether got to $0.78. Does that sound wrong?
Speaker A: No, I bet you that it's happened before.
Speaker B: I. Yeah, I feel like I've seen that. And so I think we only saw what was the worst we saw in USCC. Like $0.92.
Speaker A: Well, this was. This was $0.87 on.
Speaker B: Okay, 87. That's pretty bad. And I would definitely had. I had the energy to do so. I have more confidence in USDC that I do have in tether. So I would have absolutely made a play at sub 90. I just didn't have the time.
Speaker A: I was funny. You've got, like, people in. I kind of want to go find this tweet from Steve. But you had a lot of people panicking and swapping their USDC to ETH and for quote unquote, safety, which, you know, would have been, in hindsight, a great play to you, I think eats up like 14%. So you're. You're fine with making that move, but they a fairly, I guess, other obvious play would have been buying the dip on a stable coin. Right?
Speaker B: 100%.
Speaker A: And you had DJ's in the Djen war room making their plays leveraged USDC buys, which is just so fantastic.
Speaker B: I love that. That warms my heart.
Speaker A: It's just so great. And, I mean, like, what kind of confidence would you have had to make a play like that? Like, say you had time.
Speaker B: Ten out of ten confidence.
Speaker A: I'm surprised you didn't do it then. Did you not know it was happening?
Speaker B: I saw it happening. I just. I don't know. Like, you know, sometimes you just, like. It's a lot. And, I mean, what? Like. Okay, like, I'll be honest. Like, I'll throw out some actual numbers. You know? Like, had I have played, it would have been probably with maybe, like, ten grand. Okay, so say I make a play on you.
Speaker A: Make a.
Speaker B: Make a $1,000. Seems like a lot of work.
Speaker A: Not worth it for you. You would rather.
Speaker B: I'm not rolling out of bed on the weekend for a mean you?
Speaker A: You need to make as much money as you can with this inflation, my friend. The $1,000 is gonna be like a gallon of milk in, like, for you. It's gonna cost you a $1,000 USD to buy a bag of milk and a bottle of syrup up there next week. And you're gonna.
Speaker B: Oh, my goodness.
Speaker A: You're gonna really regret. You.
Speaker B: No joke. Look, syrup is getting out of hand. Syrup is getting shortage.
Speaker A: We got a.
Speaker B: No, no, it's a whole. There's. I'm gonna open up a whole can of worms here. But there's a whole.
Speaker A: Just don't make this like you're. Don't make this a real thing. This is in school. No chat the other day.
Speaker B: Listen, I have a whole bunch of stuff, but you know how they like. Like, the diamond miners. They like.
Speaker A: I've seen this documentary, by the way.
Speaker B: You know exactly what I'm talking about, right? So, yeah, diamonds. They vault a certain amount of diamonds to keep the price up. They do the exact same thing with maple syrup, believe it or not. That's not a joke. It's 100% accurate. It's like a cartel in, like, Quebec and, like, Maine. I think I've seen this.
Speaker A: I've seen this documentary. It's like syrup. Yeah.
Speaker B: So there are. Yeah, there are basically warehouses of maple syrup and that don't sell. I don't know if they get rid of it after some of my time, but they hold it there to keep the price up. And the fucking price of maple syrup is no joke right now.
Speaker A: I mean, the maple syrup squad sounds a lot like a bunch of NFT DJ's. They control. They control the floor don't promote undercutting. Do you have self shaming in the maple syrup industry?
Speaker B: No, I don't know, but it's definitely a monopoly. Believe it or not, Canada is.
Speaker A: Do you know what the name of that doc was? Because I would actually recommend it. It was fascinating.
Speaker B: I forget. I'm gonna. I'm gonna. I'm gonna search it up here, but I will hopefully get it before the end of the show here. But I highly recommend a watch once we do find out that name.
Speaker A: Yeah, so, I mean, we're coming full circle here. So we had SVB shutting down. We had the USDC DPEg got as low as 87%, $0.87 on Saturday. Coinbase at one point over the weekend, froze USDC conversions, which I was at. It was actually Saturday night, I believe, or maybe it was Friday night, and I was sitting there and I got a call from Adam and he was having me buy some extra Starbucks odyssey sirens. And so I was converting USD to go buy some and I got stuck. I literally couldn't swap over at some point because Coinbase froze it. And then last night and into today, we had the bailout announced, which was interesting. So it doesn't appear as if any of those depositors are going to be negatively affected, however, the bank investors. Sol, thoughts?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, it sounds like the banks are going to be paying. It doesn't sound like taxes are going to be paying out this bailout. It sounds like they have a pool of money that all the banks pay into. That's what's going to be replenishing the customers. But, yeah, no, I think the bank should be paying. And if you're invested in the banks, then know you're probably doing okay.
Speaker A: Yeah, sure.
Speaker B: If you're like a bank investor, you're.
Speaker A: What they must call an accredited investor.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. I think you're all right. You'll be okay.
Speaker A: I do need your perspective on this because, you know, we, most of us here, I believe in the crowd, even listening, are us based folks. I need to know what the non us person's perspective is on just all the shit that goes on here in the daily. Like, do you guys just look at us like, look at these. Look at these idiots here? Here they go again. Here they go.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, there's a certain amount of. I mean, Canada is the most american, non american country, you know what I mean? We are very close and a lot of it rubs off on us, you know, so as opposed to asking somebody from, like, England or, you know, any other country, basically, besides Canada, but we're close to it. We see it. There is a certain. When we go to the states, there are certain places we want to go to to not have to deal with the quackery we see on.
Speaker A: What's the number one place you want to go as a canadian to avoid american asshole?
Speaker B: Funny enough, we love Florida for whatever reason, but I don't know.
Speaker A: So there's your first.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. I don't know if there's parts of Florida that are more, I don't know, suited for Canadians and others, but. And we love Vegas.
Speaker A: One of the funniest things I had recently heard was when Chris on coffee with captain the other day, said that he intentionally changed his behavior on something. I can't remember the example that he gave, but he intentionally changed his behavior because he didn't want to be a Florida man headline, which I thought was just so great. I thought that's something you have to.
Speaker B: Be aware of when you live there, I feel.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's what I mean. You could. You could at any time be that guy. You could be Florida man.
Speaker B: Yeah. So, um.
Speaker A: So you like Florida, Canadians like Florida, Canadians like Vegas?
Speaker B: Yeah, we like Vegas. We like the most. If I think that. You know what? I think I solved it. We like the most american places I've been.
Speaker A: What you're describing is, like, almost like american caricature type places.
Speaker B: Yeah. Because I've been to places like, you know, St. Paul and, you know, some of the more northern states. Very similar to Canada, I'm gonna be honest. You know, I've been to Wisconsin.
Speaker A: You're a big Wisconsin guy, right?
Speaker B: Big Wisconsin guy. I like the people that there's nothing. You know, maybe there's a few more gun totor. Gun totors. But for the most part, some nice folk that live there.
Speaker A: Did you just, like, try to pull off an accent there?
Speaker B: No, some gun totors from.
Speaker A: It really sounded like you're. Yeah, you sound like you're kind of trying to pull off a little bit.
Speaker B: Of this little twang. I know the Wisconsin accent is very. I don't know, very canadian like, to be honest. So it's.
Speaker A: Yeah, it is.
Speaker B: That's probably the. Probably where I should go with it. But it's the same thing with Michigan. I live right beside Michigan. I've gone there multiple, you know, many times. It's very, very similar to Canada. So I think we want the.
Speaker A: Now, where would. Where would Canadians avoid to be? Like, where would you. You say you gravitate towards those other places? Where would you like to avoid.
Speaker B: I think, all the rest, the south, you know, I mean, Florida's the dirty south, we'll call that. But, like, I think the south, I think once you start getting into, even though I love going there, like, Nashville's a big fan. But I think for the most part, we try to avoid the, you know, I want to say maybe like, the.
Speaker A: Alabama, Louisiana's, anywhere there's a waffle house.
Speaker B: I feel like we don't go to Texas a lot. We do go to the Carolinas a lot. A lot of good golf there. So we do like to golf. I'm trying to think of the place. Yeah. I say the Carolinas, Florida, Vegas. I feel like we're not going to California a lot. As a rule, only the real popular ones, the ones that kind of want to live over there. So I would say those are the main places.
Speaker A: Sorry. You caught me trying to pull up a tweet to move to our next topic.
Speaker B: I leaned over, looked at my phone.
Speaker A: Dead air.
Speaker B: You know what?
Speaker C: I love dead air.
Speaker A: Sorry. I was trying to pull up a tweet to try to make a seamless pivot, and I got caught.
Speaker B: It was.
Speaker A: Seemed it was him, but I was looking for Suga Shane's tweets because the, you know, the other thing that happened, I guess this morning slash yesterday or. Yeah, last night slash this morning was the ordinals art. The Yuga twelve fold ordinals art reveal. Did you see this?
Speaker B: I didn't see the reveal. I knew it was happening. I just didn't see anything yet.
Speaker A: Oh, hold on now. I was it.
Speaker B: Is it the orange thing?
Speaker A: No. Now I have to find the tweet. So I don't know if I could pull. I have it on my computer, but I can't get it on my phone. So unfortunately it'll have to wait. But, yeah, the art has been criticized, I would say, today. Yeah. So I wish you had seen it.
Speaker B: I'll pull it up right now.
Speaker A: Well, the, you know, the funny thing is it was almost like a premonition from. From Tropo farmer.
Speaker B: Oh, really? He prophesied it.
Speaker A: Well, what he said last week, which I thought was a good, by the way, phonics in the war room at he chamber. So rich. Making one k in a couple hours is too much work. That is right.
Speaker B: That's how lazy I am.
Speaker A: Yeah. Well, so there you go. Thanks, B squared. He pulled up the tweet from clouded so you could see the ordinals aren't there.
Speaker B: Oh, perfect.
Speaker A: But the premonition came from Tropo farmer last week where he said, you know, you all just paid, you know, 50 to 100k for one pre that you've seen, like for art that you've seen one preview of. And then all of this came out, you know, yesterday or whatever. And people, I guess, are underwhelmed. What level of, well, are you? Would you say you're under over under or you're just whelmed?
Speaker B: I was gonna say, because I think the imagery for their, you know, their one, you know, their one pre reveal image was, was cool. But yeah, in looking at this, this is, this is pretty terrible. It's pretty terrible stuff.
Speaker A: Yeah. So Shane, Shane said, I tweeted about an hour ago, let's be honest, yuga's twelve folds suck. If any other team in the space did this drop and their holders minted it, you'd all be clowning them to no end. But you give Yuga a pass for art. Worse than what I make with mid journey. I'm an equal opportunity provider.
Speaker B: This is week two. Mid journey art week to mid. No, no, week two, sorry. Like, this is your second week.
Speaker A: Oh, week two. Yeah, yeah. Second week in mid journey, maybe. Yeah. There you go. That based on what I just said before, you could, uh, you could do this pretty easily now. You know, I have mixed feelings on it. I think it's bad. It's not for me. I would have rather. No, it's not good. But I guess the point I'm trying to make is I'm not totally sure it matters.
Speaker B: I agree. I agree.
Speaker A: I. In terms of, like, does it matter that you could put out shitty art? Yeah. Does it matter for the sake of, like, how they're gonna trade or people still wanting to buy them? I don't think so. What do you think?
Speaker B: I mean, I always fall back on, you know, might sound blasphemous now, but like, the squiggle art is terrible, right?
Speaker A: I mean, no way.
Speaker B: That's what I was saying. Of course now, but I feel when, when Squiggles first came out, we were all, you know, dunking on them and now they're revered. So, I mean, I guess it doesn't really matter. I could see these being revered in a year's time if things, you know, if things go the right way for them.
Speaker A: Well, you know how it is. It's the meme that says, you know, it's like the Drake meme with the, the price and it's like, you know, art at one e versus art at, you know, 20 east. And I can picture you seeing. Doing that with your, with the Chromie Squiggles and the ordinals art. I do want to throw it down a second to pain. Pain. Jump in.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: And bitcoin ordinals.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker D: That's.
Speaker C: It's not necessarily for the art anymore because you. You can only have four megabytes, isn't that correct? So you can't even put high quality art on there. And like you all said, I'm not. Definitely not for me, I don't know how big of a deal it is, but yeah, we should be an equal opportunist in the fact that it doesn't.
Speaker A: It doesn't look very good. Yeah, no, I think. I think that's right. Like, that's the right take. Right. Like, if the art is bad, you. It should be recognized as such and treated as such. I just think it's one of these things where it's like, you know, if Yuga does anything additional with ordinals, like, these originals are going to hold value no matter what the art is. It's like. And I don't. That's. That's problem with like, what we do here every day, in the sense that it is somewhat irrelevant on some of this art that is out there. And I don't think that's a good thing, but it's accurate. Chamber, you agree or disagree?
Speaker B: I don't know. I was. I'm gonna be honest, I wasn't listening. I was just changing the title of the show. And I kind of want your feedback on if it was good or not.
Speaker A: And nothing's gonna top the. The dutch auction you had on better cats on Friday. That was literally the best. I would say that was performance art, what you were doing there.
Speaker B: It was, it was a little bit.
Speaker A: But this is pretty, this is pretty good too.
Speaker B: You got bordenals?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I. This is pretty good too. I do not know how to pronounce this person's name because I can't decide if the James are part of their. No, I can't decide. Symbols are part of their name or as like bookends, but I'm going to call him Michael because that's in his twitter handle. Michael.
Speaker D: Gm Gmgm. I just wanted to say how do.
Speaker A: How do I pronounce your display name?
Speaker D: You would say muc. It's just an abbreviation of.
Speaker A: Oh, got it. Because I would have said mock and had it wrong. So I'm glad I did.
Speaker D: That's all fine. No, I just wanted to say on the yuga art, the twelve fold. It's probably not the best idea to pin a shit post this tweet when talking about art, but yeah, I read a lot of tweets. Just picking out some, some pieces of the art and then quoting that.
Speaker A: What's your, what's your take? Yeah. Are you, are you into like, do you think it's good? Do you think it's bad? Do you not like the take that, that people are dunking on it? What's your, what's your thought?
Speaker D: I like, I like a lot of the pieces. I commented some of them in, in the comments. And what I don't like is that people just pick out a few and then say, okay, there's no viruses in the art, and it's purely for engagement, just hacking on everything yuga does. I mean, as you said, there are the limitations of the ordinal size that you can get on it. The collection, actually, if you look through it, has a lot more variance than people want to make you believe. So take the time and just go there.
Speaker A: I just pinned your, yeah, I just pinned your tweet up top so people can kind of compare the two and see what you're saying. I don't, you know, in defense of clouded, I'm not sure if he's a shit poster, but I can see it. I can see it. But I, I definitely see the comparison between the two tweets. So I appreciate you taking the time to throw that up there. And we've got it pinned up top so people can see and judge for themselves. So super appreciate that. Are you, are you bullish on, are you bullish on ordinals in general? Are you bullish on this from Yuga? What's your take there?
Speaker D: Well, right now I think they are all pretty hyped. Don't know if they hold up the prices when they are actually tradable. I would guess the seven BTC was the highest bid.
Speaker A: Yes. Something around there. I think it was two and seven.
Speaker D: I would argue that this might not hold up, but. Yeah. Well, I'm not sure. Could be.
Speaker A: Well, I think that's, yeah, I think that's kind of the point. Right. It's like, okay, are you getting, regardless of if it was clouded's post or yours, right. Is this art worth seven BTC? Maybe. Maybe.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: Right. And I think so. I think that's a fair take as in, you know, maybe it's not as bad as that cherry picked collection that clouded wrote, but I think the idea that it's seven BTC art holds. Right. I think that's fair.
Speaker D: Yeah, totally, totally agree.
Speaker A: Yeah. But, no, I appreciate you pulling that up and taking the time to share that. And I pinned it above so people can definitely take a look themselves. Let's go over to James fucking chamber.
Speaker C: I love how he, like, cuts in and he's like, James. Like, he didn't know how to pronounce my name. I, like, start dying laughing. I like the style that they chose. I guess, like, kind of like almost like the glob beads that almost look like, liquid and metallic. But I do agree with the kind of battleship esque type ones that they had that were kind of plain, I guess, given the price that they knew that these would go for. I like the ones that NBC kind of posted. I think if it was more in line with, like, if they were all kind of like that, I probably would have loved it. Whereas I don't necessarily dislike it. I just think that they took the easy way out on some of these where they probably knowing they were going to be such a high price point, they probably could have leaned in a little bit more. But, yeah, I agree with the take of this was maybe week two on mid journey on some of these, whereas some of the other ones look fire. Like, later on down the line, you'll look back and they go, those are cool. And then there's some of these that look like, you know, my niece might have done them. So that's just my take.
Speaker B: I feel like your niece could have done all of them, to be honest. I feel like has that level of talent.
Speaker A: In fairness, though, there's a lot of art that looks like our nieces and nephews could do.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like, that's like, I think of, like, like, hash masks, and again, big fan of them. But, like, you know, there's so many types of, kind of this, this, you know, this type of art that's out there. Some of them, some of it does extremely well, and some of it does extremely poorly, my guess.
Speaker A: Well, that's kind of was my point before about, like, does it even matter because it's yuga. Right, right, exactly. And to Shane's point about, well, we should be as hard as you guys. We are. Anybody else is also a fair point. But I just don't know.
Speaker B: I mean, we could be hard on them. I don't know if it's gonna make much of a difference.
Speaker A: No, that's my point. I don't think it does. But, James, I was just reading your comments in the chat as well. Tell us about your weekend experience. Sweating the banks.
Speaker C: Feeling like I'm going back into the Schmatta business.
Speaker A: Yes, exactly.
Speaker B: Are you hiring?
Speaker A: I did.
Speaker C: I had no idea whether or not I was. What direction I would be headed this week. No, I don't. I just, like everyone else was watching and we had a good chat going on in the key society channel, which I appreciated because people were posting to the minute. Almost some things that were happening. Look, we, luckily, unprecedentedly, are bailing out depositors full amounts. I've never even heard of that before. So I thought that that was pretty awesome for the government to step in and do. Not cool that the second largest failure has happened. Don't know what it means for any money they may have owed or. Yeah, that's still, you know, what we're. I guess we'll find out this week and next. Right. Like, we'll know the full extent, but looks like it's going to be okay. Eth was, like, pumping because everybody, I think everybody transferred from USDC over to ETH. Now I'm wondering, like, where. When does that dip and go and go back? Or do we see a little ride here? I think I hit you up on that earlier bunch. That's my biggest question.
Speaker A: Yeah. If I'm looking at a chart and if I'm just doing this from a technical perspective, to me it looks like the top here. Like, in order to really send it, you'd have to break 1800 and hold above there. Is that what you're seeing? Chamber on a chart?
Speaker B: 100%. You know, we're just kind of rocking in between 1814. Hundred, basically.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's the range. That's the range. I actually hit my. Dude, my chart was so good, by the way. I posted it on Friday in the war room. And it was the same chart that I've just been using for months with the line. With the, you know, levels already lined out and it came. Don't you just love when you have a chart you haven't looked at in a while and it just comes back and plays right into the level set you.
Speaker B: Makes it feel real good.
Speaker A: Yeah. It makes you feel like, oh, shit, I could do this. And then the. The funny thing is just how much it changes when you actually have money in play. Right? Like, your emotions just. Your emotions just wreck you and. Because otherwise, I mean, according to this chart, I should be. I should be very rich today. But I. Of course, I didn't play it because, like, that. That's not how it works. If I would have played it, I would have panic sold yeah, I would have panicked, sold. But like my chart played out perfectly. I literally, I'm gonna drop it in the war room, but so you can look at it or I would drop it in the TMC.
Speaker B: By the way, according to my chart, I should be rich by now.
Speaker A: Yeah, look at, look at our TMC chat and tell me it's not like that. It literally wicked down right into the area and just totally went the other way. But point being, I think I have 1792 as a potential top. Like we haven't made a, we haven't made a new high on the daily yet. So like until we even until we cross 1750, we haven't made a new high. So I wouldn't be thinking right now yet that this is like some kind of long term reversal. I think you could potentially top out around that 1750s 1800 area and head back down. So like I said, like you said, I think we're in that range, at least for a bit. However, I mean, with all that kind of panic that we saw, 1375 held pretty darn strong. So I would say that's the range for now. Right. And until we break either higher or lower, that's where you can expect this stuff to go. But like, we have, you know, the CPI tomorrow, I think, and so we'll see how that goes. People might just be feeling good today because there's, you know, a positive, there's, there's no financial collapse happening today, but maybe tomorrow there's still inflation and we're having a different conversation now.
Speaker B: 100%, 100% anxiety is still waiting for you tomorrow morning, people.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's interesting, I did pin up at the top. If you wouldn't mind setting your reminders tomorrow for coffee with captain at 08:00 a.m. eastern. If you are not in the US and not on the east coast and do not observe daylight saving time, then you definitely want to hit this reminder we had. It's funny, there's, you know, last year at this time, coffee with captain was not as big of a show as it was, as it is today.
Speaker B: Was there a kerfuffle this morning?
Speaker A: Well, mostly that the international crowd who doesn't observe daylight saving time didn't know that the space had already begun because they expecting it to be an hour later. So we're, you know, like 100 people short than you usually are is noticeable difference.
Speaker B: We should just get rid of that, right?
Speaker A: Like I feel, oh, this was a whole, this was about an hour debate on coffee.
Speaker B: Where did we land? Where did we land? Get rid of it.
Speaker A: I don't know. There was. Steve was debating that daylight saving causes heart attacks. I don't know if that's true.
Speaker B: It's true. I was in the. I was in the sleep.
Speaker A: I had one this morning.
Speaker B: Yeah, I had a mild. Mild. No, when. When I was in the. In the sleep game. That was a. I forgot you were at.
Speaker A: You were injury or. That's the industry you come from. I literally totally forgot that.
Speaker B: And we see that all the time. So daylight savings, there was, I think, an increase of like a 33 and change percent on average in. In the US, more. More heart attacks. And I think it was like 26% less on, you know, a fallback. You know what I mean? So when you had more sleep, it was. It was a decrease and when you lost sleep. But I feel the numbers are a little wonky because there's less hours in that day.
Speaker A: You think it's big mattress?
Speaker B: I think it's big. I think it's big sleep money going into that, but. Yeah. Because there's less hours in that one day and more hours in the other day. So therefore, there will be more and less of each of those things if there's one additional hour. Right.
Speaker A: You can't. You can't trust anything out there. We got big mattress. Messing with, manipulating sleep studies to get you to buy more. A lot of ass.
Speaker B: A lot of asterisks in that. In that study, I'll tell you.
Speaker A: My goodness. And just like that, we, we invoked Steve. So Steve is now in the audience, who took us 30 seconds of talking about daylight saving time for him to appear. But he will be happy to know that you have sided with him on the science.
Speaker B: Yeah. In the bogus science. Yeah, I'll side with him. That is a talking point.
Speaker A: I mean, the question wasn't as if the science was bogus. The question is, is there science that's. There.
Speaker B: Is science out there that supports that theory? Yes.
Speaker A: Yeah. There you go. So what now you're saying then, that means fall back is the correct time? Because I don't know.
Speaker B: I honestly don't even know where we are anymore. Is fall back the right time?
Speaker A: We're spring forward right now. That's what happened over the weekend. But I prefer it. I prefer it this way.
Speaker B: Just pick it. I don't care which one it is. Just pick one.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: You know, I'm good. I'm good with the later evening or, like, the brighter evenings.
Speaker A: Yes, me, too. Exactly. I mean, mornings. Morning should be dark. You're sleeping.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah, I agree.
Speaker A: I. As somebody and this. I actually probably shouldn't take this dance because I'm somebody that goes to bed early, right. So, like, I could sometimes be in bed when the sun is still up. So, you know, that's. That's the kind of nerd that I am. But, James, what's the right time zone?
Speaker C: No, just gonna. I heard some really silly stuff, so I always got chime in whenever I hear silly things. Chambers talking about one day, having more hours in the next day, and I'm fucking really confused by that.
Speaker A: Yeah, 25 hours day. It's the. You ever heard of it?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Well, technically, we did have an extra hour that one day, and we had.
Speaker A: One, the double leap year. When I was a partier. There was nothing better than fall back. You. You got that extra hour. You got an extra hour at the bar. And that was. That was always a great time. Speaking of today, not to toot my own horn, but the. I am no longer a partier. Today marks the one year anniversary that I quit alcohol, so that is a milestone for me. No, no booze.
Speaker B: Three years. That's crazy. I've had more alcohol than you over the past twelve months. Is that what you're saying?
Speaker A: Yeah. Well, because my number is zero, so I would say, yeah, I've had some.
Speaker B: I've had some.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Good for you.
Speaker A: Yeah. Never going back. So there you go. And shout out to cap, who was down in the audience. He might have left one of my drink, one of my inspirations to do so. So I appreciate that, but. Yeah, so. But back in the party days, man, that was the. That extra hour you got at the bar was legit. That was worth its weight in gold. I'd pay the extra cover for that. So, some other news of the day. Did you see. Are you. Are you still using blur? Are you farming? You doing any of that?
Speaker B: You know what? I, you know, pledged my allegiance to blur a couple of weeks ago. You know what? My allegiance isn't worth much. I'm now back on Opensea.
Speaker A: What happened?
Speaker B: I don't know. It was fine. Like, I still. I'm on both, but. I don't know, there's something comforting about os for me. They're just. It just feels right when I buy things on Opensea, you know what I mean?
Speaker A: It's paying those sweet, sweet royalties, isn't it?
Speaker B: It's barely. Barely any. I don't know, I just like it a little bit more. Call me old fashioned.
Speaker A: No, I'm actually the same way. I still use opensea. I don't use blur. Much. And I. But I feel like that makes me the minority and it makes me feel like I've lost all of my djen edge, that I'm not a active blur.
Speaker B: Farmer, is it not? Yeah. I mean, unless you're farming. I feel like the numbers, I don't know, maybe they're inflated on the blur side, but, like, where there was a. There was a couple weeks ago, Blur was really eating Opensea's lunch. As far as total volume, I don't know what it. Where it stands right now, I can tell.
Speaker A: You give me a second and I'll tell you where it was.
Speaker B: I feel like open sea probably got some back. If not a good chunk of all.
Speaker C: They had to do is give away a million of dollars.
Speaker B: Yeah, no big deal. What's a couple mil between friends?
Speaker A: Hey, Chamber doesn't. Chamber doesn't get up to buy you.
Speaker B: I mean, for anyone. Hundred percent. I would definitely got out of bed for a million dollars.
Speaker A: All right, so here you go. Yesterday, Opensea did 7.7 million in volume, down 1% from the day prior. Blur was down 32%, 2% from the day prior, but they did 20.7 million. Okay, so about three times the size of opensea volume.
Speaker B: I'm not smart enough to know if any of that can be like, fake volume, you know what I mean?
Speaker A: Oh, I would say most of what's going on on blur right now is farming and wash trading. Right? Like, that's how you're. That's what's incentivized. So. Yeah.
Speaker B: So what's the true volume? I guess, like what the type of consumer that's, you know, creating the volume on Opensea is probably very different than what's happening on blur currently. Right?
Speaker A: Yeah. So that's the type of buyer I've become, which is why I'm comfortable on Opensea and not blur. But like, if I was back still in my djen days, I'd be all. I'd be farming so much. However, I think I'd probably have stopped by now. We saw over the weekend, I. You know, what we were talking about on Friday was those. What were they called? The git books or the git something?
Speaker B: The git coins.
Speaker A: Git coins, yeah, we saw those. You know, we were talking about them a lot on Friday. And did you see Machi has lost 3500 eth blur farming them?
Speaker B: Is that what it was?
Speaker A: Yeah, it's rough. I bet you JP Cass I came up, could give us an update on exactly how.
Speaker B: Yeah, cuz I was listening to your show on Friday night. I think it was Friday night. Was he not? I thought it was like, I thought he had lost like 250 and now it's like ten x from there.
Speaker A: That was three days ago.
Speaker B: Oh, my God. So he's lost.
Speaker E: He looks like 1.5 million USDA. I don't know what that works out to, but it's nasty.
Speaker A: I think it's like 3500 e. It's crazy. JP, did you come up to talk about git coins or you have something else?
Speaker E: I've actually been up here since the show started. I can't even remember what the hell I came up for.
Speaker A: Oh, I don't even remember. Well, if you have anything, feel free to chime in.
Speaker C: You just recognize them.
Speaker A: Yeah, I actually didn't recognize him there the whole time. My bad.
Speaker E: All good. Story of my life.
Speaker A: I'm actually like, your profile picture is not wearing a backwards cap, so I didn't know what to do.
Speaker E: I'm actually, I'm actually wondering when, when crypto is going to come back and we're just going to nfts just going to shit the bed entirely.
Speaker A: So it's a good question. Especially, I feel like for you, who's somebody who came into nfts via their, you know, shitcoin trading. At what point are you at your limit where you're just like, that's it, I'm packing up. I'm going back to only crypto and shit coins and NFTs can kick rocks.
Speaker E: So the thing with nfTs, it's like, it's like golf. Like, you go golf and you play like shit the whole round, and then you get a birdie on the last hole and so you want to come back, right? So like, I do all these.
Speaker A: God, that's such a good analogy.
Speaker E: Weeks. And then I land this git coin, one with like a two eth gainer, and now I'm like, back in the game.
Speaker B: I'm the best trader in the world.
Speaker E: So it's going to take a while. I'll go wherever the money is, honestly.
Speaker A: I mean, I'm find more. Do you find more enjoyment trading nfts or playing in NFT markets or do you find more enjoyment in crypto?
Speaker E: I think it's about, I think it's about the same. Crypto people are kind of cringe, honestly.
Speaker A: A lot of them. Thank God.
Speaker B: The problem with crypto, because I'm step, step and step with JP right here. The problem with crypto is like, you buy whatever, all coin x, everybody has the same coin. There's no variance. There's no, there's an additional kind of roll of the dice when it comes to nfts, where you're minting. There's rarity. You can, you, you know, you can. You can reveal a rare one. There's some gamification to it. So I do like trading nfts a little bit more just because there's kind of an additional, you know, factor on top of it. But I'm with JP, like, you should be. I think right now, if you're like JP and I, you should be kind of, and I'm sure JP is the same way as I am right now. You should have like, a mixed bag of, like, yeah, I'm trading crypto right now, or I'm getting my crypto bags ready for kind of the next cycle and, like, trying to figure out, you know, the NFT side simultaneously. So I'm kind of dabbling into both. JP, are you kind of the same there?
Speaker E: Yeah, I. I kind of more, I don't know, I'm more stacking eth. I haven't gone too crazy in the shitcoin route, but I do check, like, I'll check, like, the DVI or the blur or something stupid every now and again on just a whim. I just don't have very big bags anywhere else. It's all in ETh right now.
Speaker A: I feel like it's so much harder now, like, being in the NFT kind of trading market for a couple of years. I feel like it's so much harder to actually find a viable crypto token to actually trade if you are not a chart person. Right. Like, I feel like you have to be good at charts and crypto. You. You know, when we were originally in this game in like, 2017. 2018. Right. It was, it was, you know, your, your technical analysis and your fundamental analysis would be, like, how you got your conviction. And now I'm sitting here, like, looking back on that, and it's like, fundamentally it all sucked. Right? Like, it was really, like, there wasn't any good there. I mean, there's hardly even any survivors.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: Like, so. But I feel like it's much easier to do this fundamental type analysis when you're trading NFTs because there's some pretty tried and true kind of metrics and things to look at. Does that feel right, jp, or am I off there?
Speaker E: Yeah, a little bit. I. Lately I've been seeing, like, what's down the worst and thinking there's going to be a bounce.
Speaker A: The chamber method.
Speaker B: Yeah, they're due.
Speaker A: Yeah, the chamber method come back at some point, but it never does.
Speaker B: It really never does know. I think for crypto right now what I'm looking at is I'm kind of looking at them. I'm trying to find the Solana of the next bull run. Like Solana was around for a while prior to, you know, it was flew around in single digits and double digits for a long time. So trying to figure out what, you know, what's going to go from like the 16th overall market cap to like the fourth. You mean like make that jump as opposed to finding like what's number 300? That's going to make the top hundred. I think that's a lot harder to narrow it. It's not.
Speaker E: I feel like. I feel like avalanche has to be on the list.
Speaker B: That's exactly. So. I have. That's why I have a bigger bet in like with matic. I think avalanche, I agree is. Is in that conversation. I think those are the things you need to find like what's close. Like what's a top 15 that could make its way into the top seven or eight? You know what I mean? And I think that's a. That's a more realistic bet to make.
Speaker A: No, I think that's the right place to play too. As far as market caps, if you're talking about, you know, kind of casually trading. You know, we used to play in the very low cap shitcoin areas.
Speaker B: Sub million.
Speaker A: Yeah. Crazy stuff. Like just some dude in his basement that deployed a contract.
Speaker B: Snorting biker crank off my desk.
Speaker A: That's right. That's right. So let's throw it to James and then we'll wrap this thing up. However, actually before speaking of JP saying, you know, something's got to bounce here we're looking at. We saw some NFT floors come down pretty hard over the weekend. We've got doodles sitting here at 4.4 ish and moonbirds at 4.7 chamber. Which are you buying first or are you just not ever touching either no matter how low they go?
Speaker B: I don't know enough about doodles to fud them, but I'm never buying another moon birdhouse. So I would inherently take my chances on a doodle just because I don't know enough about them is I also.
Speaker A: Feel like they have a good price.
Speaker B: It's tough to say with any of these.
Speaker A: Like that's kind of what I mean, where JP is like, you know, at some point they got a bounce, but maybe.
Speaker B: Maybe they bounce. I don't know. Like I feel like two two eth is like the bounce price.
Speaker A: That's what I said. For moonbirds, too. For doodles, two and a half. Or actually, I said three.
Speaker B: I would think about buying moonbirds got into the threes over the weekend.
Speaker A: I don't know if they did, but they definitely could have. I wouldn't be surprised. But I do want to throw it back to James. And then I do have a hard stop here.
Speaker C: I was gonna ask. I was literally taking it that direction. You took it there, so it's all good.
Speaker A: What would be yours? Your answer?
Speaker C: Uh, doodle. I'm. I'm, uh, I'm out of the, uh. I still have an oddity, but that's. That's the last of my proof.
Speaker A: Do you hold a doodle yet?
Speaker C: Not yet. And I'm like. I mean, I. I'm just trying to see how low this thing goes. Can it go any lower?
Speaker B: What's the news like? What's driving down the price of doodles?
Speaker C: I just think the overall shit can of the market this weekend. Everybody's like, I'm getting the fuck out if I can get any money at all to stockpile. And I think. I think we would have to have another big thing like this to drive it down further, because, I mean, they can't. These guys couldn't do anything worse than what they've already done.
Speaker A: Interesting. I think I would buy a doodle as well first. However, I could be a buyer of moonbirds at the two and a half, three range potentially, because at that point, I'm very interested in what they're doing as far as, like, art. So that seems like a price point I could tolerate for that type of project. Right? Yeah, no, at least for me. But yeah. Anyway, good conversation today, Chamber. I do have a question for you as we wrap up. You know, you, you messaged the chat today and you bet you, you did a hostile takeover of the show.
Speaker B: You said you, I've been watching a lot of succession over the weekend.
Speaker A: You did. You came in like the old guy in succession, and you were like, listen, this is how the show is going to operate going forward. And if you don't like it, you can. Fafo is basically what you said.
Speaker B: Did I, did I break all the rules to my, like, I don't even know how close I came to my vision from the Monday show.
Speaker A: Well, I was gonna add, that's where I was going with this. Does what we did today fit the structure that you think?
Speaker B: I think it does. So for those of you who want to know, the Monday show, I put weekend recap, news of the day, lots of speakers, and I feel we did okay there. We have a ton of speakers.
Speaker A: Couple more speakers.
Speaker B: Yeah. But I feel like we. The gist was there. This is. I feel this was a good Monday show. So. Yes.
Speaker A: Because I know I felt like we were still. I felt like we were still, you know, somewhat unstructured, which I like. Right. I like to let it go where it's gonna go. So I feel like there was a pretty good compromise there.
Speaker B: Yeah. Because I'll tell you, as soon as the mic went on, that went right out the window. I didn't know. I didn't care what was gonna happen.
Speaker A: Well, that's because you don't have to actually host the show. I do. That's why when you come in and take over and you're like, here's the structure I want. I'm like, great, I have a fucking job now. You. You just get a job, like three.
Speaker B: Bullet points, worst case.
Speaker A: Yeah. But I have to drive the ship. So, like, of course you don't know how it went.
Speaker B: I'm like, I have no idea. You asked me the question. I'm like, shit. Like, I don't even remember what I wrote this morning. So, no, I thought, yes, considering. Pretty good. Pretty good.
Speaker A: Good. I tried to stay as close to your wishes as possible, so I think we nailed it. We'll get a couple more speakers involved next time. That's. See, like, that's the part I like. I like to hear everybody's opinions, so. But that is going to do it for us today. Don't forget, the reminders for coffee with captain are tomorrow. There is a reminder tweet up top for the night shift tonight at eleven. Also, we will be back here on Wednesday and Friday, same time, four to five eastern time. No matter what part of the daylight saving universe you are in, four to five eastern is where we will be here. All right, that's going to do it for us. Until next time, statement.
